===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-06 08:00:00) =====
David Cohen: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. I'm David Cohen, SVP of Investor Relations. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After comments by Gene Hall, Gartner's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Gartner's Chief Financial Officer, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. This call will include a discussion of first quarter 2025 financial results and Gartner's outlook for 2025 as disclosed in today's earnings release and earnings supplement, both posted to our website, investor.gartner.com. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA with the adjustments as described in our earnings release and supplement. All contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2025 foreign exchange rates. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX neutral, unless stated otherwise. All references to share counts are for fully diluted weighted average share counts, unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2024 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now, I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. Gartner remains resilient in a complex environment. In Q1, contract value grew 7%. First quarter revenue, EBITDA, EPS, and free cash flow were ahead of our expectations. We increased headcount across our sales organizations by 4%. As we navigate another year of volatility, uncertainty, complexity, and ambiguity, we'll continue to be agile, and we'll target our investments to support long-term sustained double-digit growth. Research continues to be our largest and most profitable segment. Research contract value grew 7%. Excluding The U.S. federal business, contract value grew 8%. Within research, we serve executives and their teams through distinct sales channels. Global technology sales or GTS serves leaders in their teams within IT. GTS contract value grew 6%. Excluding The U.S. federal business, contract value grew 7%. Contract value with tech vendor clients improved for the fourth consecutive quarter. Global business sales or GBS serves leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, marketing, legal, sales, and more. GBS contract value increased 11%. Gartner conferences deliver extraordinarily valuable insights to engaged and qualified audience. On the same conference basis, revenue grew 12%. Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research. Consulting helps clients execute their most strategic initiatives through deeper project-based work. Consulting's an important complement to our IT research business. Consulting revenue grew 5% against a strong compare from Q1 2024. Revenue from contract optimization grew robust 38%, and consulting backlog grew 16%. Overall, our Q1 financial results were ahead of expectations. Gartner has a unique client value proposition. We deliver actionable, objective insight, guidance, and tools that help our clients succeed with their mission-critical priorities. We practice disciplined cost management while remaining agile and prudently investing for future growth. We generate free cash flow well in excess of net income, and we return capital to our shareholders through our repurchase program. Over the past five years, we've seen persistent elevated levels of volatility in the macroeconomic environment. The COVID-19 pandemic, the bursting of a tech spending bubble, the highest inflation in 40 years, a sharp rise in interest rates, the first ground war in Europe in 80 years. Now, government policy and tariff changes are affecting enterprises across The U.S. and around the world in different and complex ways. There's a high level of macroeconomic uncertainty. Executives know they need help. Gartner is the best, most cost-effective source for the insight, guidance, and tools they need to succeed. We help our clients make smarter decisions that address mission-critical priorities, such as cost optimization, managing through public policy changes, leveraging AI innovation, cybersecurity, and more. And we do this while helping them manage risk, save time, save money, and build confidence. Gartner helps senior executives make smarter decisions to achieve their mission-critical priorities. Today, one urgent priority for the majority of our clients is harnessing the potential of artificial intelligence. Of course, Gartner is one of the world's leading experts in AI. We help thousands of end-user enterprises determine the best uses and business cases for AI. With our in-depth understanding of end-user business cases, we also advise thousands of technology vendors on how to compete in the AI marketplace. And finally, we use AI internally to support our business. We develop proprietary insight, guidance, and tools to help senior executives make smarter decisions on their mission-critical priorities. Our 2,500 experts develop these proprietary insights, guidance, and tools by analyzing our more than 500,000 one-on-one conversations that we hold with clients every year. In addition, we conduct proprietary primary research, which is only available through Gartner to supplement these conversations. All of this creates a valuable dataset that is massive, proprietary, and constantly updated. Finally, we incorporate publicly available data we're helpful often using AI. The combination of our 2,500 experts, hundreds of thousands of conversations with end users and technology vendors, and proprietary data methodologies and process makes our insights, guidance, and tools highly valuable, highly unique, and highly differentiated from any other source. A core element of our strategy is continuous improvement and innovation, which we will apply to further increase our value and differentiation over time. Our powerful client value proposition gives us a vast untapped market opportunity, and we know the right things to do to capture that opportunity. Gartner has proven best practices that address how we serve our clients, recruit, hire, train, and deploy our salespeople, create our insights, guidance, and tools, host attendees at our conferences, and support our largest technology clients through consulting. We also have best practices that address how we approach expense management to optimize flexibility while increasing selling capacity. For the remainder of 2025, we plan to grow sales headcount in the mid-single-digits, excluding directly impacted areas. This reflects our commitment to invest for future growth, while delivering strong margins and free cash flow. Our plan is to exit the current environment better, faster, and stronger than before. With continued sales headcount growth and a return to historically strong productivity, we're well-positioned to accelerate growth as the external environment evolves. We expect to reaccelerate CV growth to our target of 12% to 16%, when the macroeconomic environment returns to normal. And we expect EBITDA margins to expand through the natural operating leverage in the business. Gartner has a highly diversified client base. The U.S. federal government represents approximately 4% of our total contract value. Our U.S. federal business has been impacted by the recent policy changes. Nearly all of our U.S. federal contracts are up for renewal in 2025. Roughly 40 of these were transaction in Q1, the largest quarter of the year, and we renewed roughly half that business. We remain laser-focused on creating and delivering value for our U.S. federal clients. As the U.S. federal government modifies and refines their priorities, we believe that we will be a core part of helping them achieve critical priorities, such as cybersecurity, cost optimization, digital transformation, and more. Stock buybacks are an important way we return value to shareholders. We remain eager to repurchase shares aggressively. Our approach is designed to optimize returns by being price sensitive, opportunistic, and disciplined. In closing, Gartner delivered financial results ahead of expectations. Tech vendor CV growth continued to accelerate. We have a powerful client value proposition and a vast addressable market opportunity. We will continue to create value for our shareholders by providing actionable, objective insight, guidance, and tools to our clients, prudently investing for future growth, remaining agile and disciplined in our approach to expenses, and returning capital to our shareholders through our share repurchase program. We expect to deliver modest margin expansion over time alongside double-digit top-line growth, and we'll continue to generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income. All of this and more positions us to drive long-term double-digit growth and sustain our track record of success far into the future. With that, I'll hand the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian.
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene, and good morning. First quarter contract value or CV grew 7% year-over-year. Revenue, EBITDA, adjusted EPS and free cash flow were better than expected as we continue to execute well in an increasingly complex environment. We were resilient in a quarter affected by macro factors. Since we reported Q4 2024 results in early February, there were notable changes in U.S. Federal government end market. The broader selling environment also shifted during the quarter as many company decision makers started to adjust to the evolving global macro economy. We are updating our guidance to reflect Q1 performance, the new macro landscape, the benefit from the move in FX rates and our own expense agility. We repurchased $163 million of stock in the quarter, maintaining flexibility as the market digests the changes in the macro landscape. We remain eager to repurchase shares, which we will do opportunistically. First quarter revenue was $1.5 billion, up 4% year-over-year as reported and 6% FX neutral. In addition, total contribution margin was 69%, up 20 basis points from last year. EBITDA was $385 million, up 1% as reported and 3% FX neutral versus the first quarter of 2024. Adjusted EPS was $2.98, up 2% from Q1 of last year. And free cash flow was $288 million, a very strong performance for our first quarter. Research revenue in the quarter grew 4% year-over-year as reported and 6% FX neutral. Subscription revenue grew 8% FX neutral. Non-subscription research revenue was in line with our expectations. First quarter research contribution margin was 74%, consistent with last year. Contract value was $5.1 billion at the end of the first quarter, up 7% versus the prior year. Contract value and CV growth are FX neutral. Excluding the U.S. Federal government, CV grew 8%. Contract value growth with tech vendors continued to improve. Global CV was $63 million lower than Q4 2024, with around 80% of the change attributable to the U.S. Federal government end market. CV growth was broad-based across practices, industry sectors, company sizes and geographic regions. Across our combined practices, all of the industry sectors except two grew at high single-digit rates, led by the energy, health care, and manufacturing sectors. CV grew at high single-digit rates across all enterprise sizes except small, which grew low single-digits. We also drove double-digit or high single-digit growth in the majority of our top 10 countries. Canada, which represents about 3% of total CV, had a more challenging selling environment in the quarter. Nearly all of our U.S. federal contracts will come up for renewal during 2025, with about 40% having transacted in Q1, the largest quarter of this calendar year. In the first quarter, the dollar retention was almost 50%. At March 31, we had $225 million of U.S. federal CV. Global technology sales contract value was $3.9 billion at the end of the first quarter, up 6% versus the prior year. Excluding the U.S. federal government from both periods, GTS CV grew 7% in the quarter, as the tech vendor market continued to improve. $44 million of the $58 million change in GTS CV from Q4 was due to the U.S. federal government, while retention for GTS was 101% for the quarter. GTS new business was down 4%, compared to last year. GTS quota-bearing headcount was up 3% year-over-year. Our regular full set of GTS metrics can be found in our earnings supplement. Global business sales contract value was $1.2 billion at the end of the first quarter, up 11% year-over-year. All of our major GBS practices grew at double-digit or high single-digit rates. Growth was led by the sales, finance and legal practices. GBS CV was $5 million below the fourth quarter. Excluding the U.S. federal government, GBS CV was largely unchanged from Q4. Wallet retention for GBS was 105% for the quarter. GBS new business was down 3% compared to last year. GBS quota-bearing headcount was up 9% year-over-year. As with GTS, our regular full set of GBS metrics can be found in our earnings supplement. Conference's revenue for the first quarter was $73 million, increasing 4% as reported and 5% FX neutral compared to Q1 of 2024. Adjusting for the two conferences we moved to Q2 this year, revenue increased around 12% FX neutral. Contribution margin was 38%, consistent with typical Q1 seasonality. We held 10 destination conferences in the first quarter as planned. Q1 consulting revenue was $140 million compared with $135 million in the year-ago period, of about 4% as reported and 5% FX neutral. Consulting contribution margin was 38% in the first quarter. Labor-based revenue was $104 million. This part of the segment was down 4% versus Q1 of last year's reported and 2% FX neutral against the tough compare. Backlog at March 31 was $214 million, increasing 16% year-over-year FX-neutral. This was driven by strength in multiyear contracts. In Contract Optimization, we delivered $36 million of revenue in the quarter, up 36% versus Q1 of last year and 38% FX neutral. The quarter was ahead of our expectations. Our contract optimization revenue is highly variable. Consolidated cost of services increased 3% year-over-year in the first quarter as reported and 4% FX neutral. The biggest driver of the increase was higher compensation costs. SG&A increased 6% year-over-year in the first quarter as reported and about 7% on an FX-neutral basis. SG&A increased in the quarter as a result of headcount growth. EBITDA for the first quarter was $385 million, up 1% from last year's reported and up 3% FX neutral. We outperformed in the first quarter through modest revenue upside, effective expense management and a prudent approach to guidance. Depreciation in the quarter of $29 million was up 10% compared to 2024. Net interest expense, excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter, was $12 million. This is favorable by $5 million versus the first quarter of 2024 due to higher interest income on our cash balances. The modest floating rate debt we have is fully hedged through the third quarter of 2025. The Q1 adjusted tax rate, which we used for the calculation of adjusted net income, was 21% for the quarter. This compares to last year's rate of 19%. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was 26% for the quarter. Adjusted EPS in Q1 was $2.98, up 2% compared to Q1 last year. We had 78 million shares outstanding in the first quarter. This is an improvement of over 1 million shares or about 1% year-over-year. We exited the first quarter with just under 78 million shares on an unweighted basis. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $314 million, up 66% compared with last year. CapEx was $26 million, up about $3 million year-over-year. This was primarily due to real estate-related costs, and in line with our expectations. First quarter free cash flow was $288 million, up 73% compared with Q1 in 2024. Free cash flow on a rolling 4-quarter basis was 120% of GAAP net income and 97% of EBITDA. As we noted last quarter, there were several items in 2024 that affect rolling fourth quarter net income and free cash flow, including after-tax insurance proceeds or real estate lease termination payment and tax planning benefits. Adjusting for these items, free cash flow on a rolling 4-quarter basis was 20% of revenue, 82% of EBITDA and 155% of GAAP net income. At the end of the first quarter, we had about $2.1 billion of cash. Our March 31 debt balance was about $2.5 billion. Our reported gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA was well under 2 times. Our expected free cash flow generation, available revolver and excess cash remaining on the balance sheet provide ample liquidity to deliver on our capital allocation strategy of disciplined share repurchases and strategic tuck-in M&A. Our balance sheet is very strong with $2.8 billion of liquidity, low levels of leverage and effectively fixed interest rates. We repurchased $163 million of stock during the first quarter. At the end of Q1, our share repurchase authorization was approximately $870 million. As we continue to repurchase shares, our capital base will shrink. Over time, this is accretive to earnings per share and, combined with growing profits, also delivers increasing returns on invested capital. We are updating our full-year guidance to reflect recent performance and trends. Since we reported Q4 results in early February, the world has become significantly more dynamic. We are applying all the lessons we've learned from prior challenging environments. We are shifting our focus to the things our clients need the most in an extraordinarily uncertain operating environment. We're also remaining agile in managing our cost structure while also investing for future growth. In particular, we are preserving and growing our selling capacity outside of directly impacted areas, which is a key input into our algorithm for future sustained double-digit growth. The U.S. dollar weakened significantly during Q1. We now expect FX to benefit revenue growth by about 50 basis points and EBITDA growth by about 130 basis points in 2025. We've provided both the FX-driven and operational changes to guidance in our earnings supplement. As a reminder, about 1/3 of our revenue and operating expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. For research subscription revenue in 2025, our guidance reflects an expectation that Q1 trends for new business and retention continue for the balance of the year. We've also incorporated the information we have about U.S. federal spending decisions to date. In addition, we've taken a prudent view of the outlook as the current environment remains very dynamic. For the non-subscription part of the research segment, we've built a continuation of recent traffic and pricing trends into the guidance. For conferences, we are basing our guidance on the 53 in-person destination conferences we have planned for 2025. We have good visibility into current year revenue, with the majority of what we've guided already under contract. For consulting, we have more visibility into the next quarter or two based on the composition of our backlog and pipeline, as usual. Given the shifts in the macro environment, we have been thoughtful about the outlook for the labor-based part of the business. Contract optimization has had several very strong years, and the business remains highly variable. We've incorporated a prudent outlook for this part of the segment. Our base level assumptions for consolidated expenses have changed to reflect the revenue outlook. We have demonstrated our ability to manage costs prudently in any market environment, and we will remain agile. We will do this while also investing for future growth. Our plan is to exit the current environment better, faster and stronger than before. We can both deliver on our EBITDA margin commitments for this year while investing for future growth. Our plan for both GTS and GBS is for mid-single-digit sales head count growth outside of directly impacted areas. This reflects our commitment to invest for future growth while delivering strong margins and free cash flow. We're maintaining recruiting capacity and are prepared to go faster on the hiring based on the macro-driven demand. And as the selling environment gets back to normal, we expect significant benefits from QBH productivity. Our updated 2025 guidance is as follows: we expect research revenue of at least $5.34 billion, which is FX-neutral growth of about 4%. This reflects subscription research revenue growth of about 5%. We expect conferences revenue of at least $625 million, which is FX-neutral growth of about 6%. We expect consulting revenue of at least $575 million, which is growth of about 2%, FX neutral. The result is an outlook for consolidated revenue of at least $6.535 billion, which is FX-neutral growth of 4%. We now expect full year EBITDA of at least $1.535 billion, up $25 million from our prior guidance. We expect 2025 adjusted EPS of at least $11.70, up about $0.25 from last quarter. For 2025, we expect free cash flow of at least $1.145 billion. This reflects a conversion from GAAP net income of 137%. Our guidance is based on 78 million fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding, which reflects the repurchases made through the end of the first quarter. For Q2, we expect adjusted EBITDA of at least $400 million. Our financial results through March were ahead of expectations, underscoring the resilience of our business model. While we updated the revenue guidance to reflect the macro landscape, we will also benefit from the latest FX rates. Our EBITDA margin outlook is now higher than it was in February. We have successfully navigated challenging macro environments before and know the right things to do. We are running our operational best practices, including delivering exceptional value for our clients, running our sales and services best practices playbooks, investing in sales capacity, which is a key ingredient for future sustained double-digit top line growth, managing our expenses aggressively and thoughtfully to protect profitability and cash flow and using our strong balance sheet and cash flow to buy our stock and for tuck-in M&A. Looking out over the medium term in a normal macro environment, our financial model and expectations are unchanged. With 12% to 16% research CV growth, we will deliver double-digit revenue growth. There is operating leverage in the business, which allows us to expand margins. With gross margin expansion, sales costs growing about in line with CV growth and G&A leverage, we will deliver modest EBITDA margin expansion. We can grow free cash flow at least as fast as EBITDA because of our modest CapEx needs and the benefits of our clients paying us upfront. And we'll continue to deploy our capital on share repurchases, which will lower the share count over time and on strategic value-enhancing tuck-in M&A. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler with Baird. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Meuler: Thank you, good morning. So what percentage of the contract value base are you following the directly impacted areas? And how are you managing sales headcount, I guess, for U.S. federal government agency prospects or the more meaningfully other directly impacted areas in terms of are you reassigning it to other opportunities? Or are you kind of preserving some of that capacity, including to position for like win-back opportunities?
Craig Safian: Jeff, good morning, thanks for the question. I'll start, and then Gene will finish up on your question. So -- from a directly impacted area perspective, it is largely U.S. federal that we're talking about now. And so obviously, we're not looking to grow our QBH there, but we wanted to make sure it was really clear that outside of that directly impacted area, we were actually targeting to continue to grow the number of headcount, number of territories for both GTS and GBS in the mid-single digits.
Gene Hall: Yes. Basically, Jeff, as Craig said, the largest impacted area is by far is the U.S. federal government. And there, what we're planning to do is we're not backfilling, and we're basically making sure we're controlling our head out there very carefully. The rest of the business, but not impact carries, as I said, rent to grow in mid-single digits this year.
Jeffrey Meuler: But you're not reassigning the U.S. federal government headcount, you're keeping them there for now.
Gene Hall: Yes, great question. So basically, we have some very strong public sector sales people going to make sure we retain them, and those really strong salespeople, where we can reassign them, we are absolutely resigned because we have plenty of sales opportunities. In some cases, it makes sense; in other cases, it doesn't. And wherever we can, we, of course, are retaining our great sales.
Jeffrey Meuler: Got it. And then what is -- where there's early cancels for convenience among U.S. federal government agency contracts what is the rev rec treatment? And what is the contract value treatment? And can you just give us any sense of if that's a meaningful percentage of the attrition versus just non-renewal as a contract naturally comes due?
Craig Safian: Yes, Jeff, it's a great question. So actually, we've got details on that in the Q, but let me just summarize for the benefit of everyone on the call. So, as it stands right now, we've got about $30 million worth of termination notices related to contracts that are set to expire later in the year. One way to think about it is it's sort of just normal course. We've just been notified ahead that those things will not be renewing or they will or would have the termination notice in hand. That $30 million remains in contract value because we are continuing to recognize the revenue on it. But in the grand scheme of not only the U.S. federal business, but actually on total CV, it's a relatively small amount, but that's how we're handling it. And there's a little bit more detail in the Q, I think, on Page 25, if you want to search it out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks so much. I was hoping to get just maybe a little bit more color on the guidance. I know you talked about on the slide and in the remarks that the guidance reflects 1Q new business and retention trends. I know you mentioned that there was a little bit of a change during the quarter, maybe a slower like back half of the quarter. So, I wanted to sort of understand, does the guidance reflect like the complete 1Q, which was maybe a little bit better or more weighted towards like the more recent, like slower experience that you've seen?
Craig Safian: Yes. Toni, it's great question. So, when we were together in early February, talking about Q4 commentary at that point through the month of January is we hadn't really seen a change in the selling environment and that was the case. Clearly, things started to change mid-February into early March. I would say, from a metric perspective, though, since we are so dominated by the third month of every quarter, what we saw in the back half of February and March, in particular, in March, is reflective of the quarter. And again, we've taken that experience and rolled it forward across Q2, Q3 and Q4 to drive that update on the revenue guidance. So, while January was normal, it's really small, and the bulk of the volume in Q1 actually happened during the month of March.
Toni Kaplan: Got it. And then wanted to ask, I know U.S. federal government was sort of the big impact for what has changed on the government side. wanted to, though broaden it out to are you seeing anything at the state and local level or international government level that is similar to U.S. Federal and also maybe just opportunity for win back would be, as Jeff sort of alluded to as well, is there an opportunity there this year, too?
Gene Hall: So, Toni, first on the win-back side. So, we believe we provide a lot of value to our clients, including our U.S. federal government clients on helping -- we help things like having strong cybersecurity capabilities, cost optimization, use of AI, which are priorities for every enterprise, including pulp-integrated prices. And so, we believe we provide a lot of value there and will, over time, continue to provide a lot of value to the federal governments. If you look at the state and local governments in the United States, there wasn't much change in Q1 compared to what we've seen in previous quarters. The same is true for governments around the world outside of the U.S., whether it's at the federal level or at the provincial or state and local government level.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
George Tong: Your business outlook for 2025 research revenue was downwardly revised by $135 million. Can you elaborate on how much of this reflects updated views on federal contract renewals versus updated views on other customer segments like tech vendors and enterprise functional leaders?
Craig Safian: Yes. George, I would say that the guidance is reflective of everything we've seen and everything we know. And so obviously, the biggest thing or the largest impact that we saw that was sort of off trend in Q1 was related to the U.S. federal government, which we just talked about with Jeff and Toni. But in terms of what we're seeing more broadly, macroeconomically, that has been factored into the updated guidance. So, I think what I'd say is from an update on the guidance perspective, and this applies to all the revenue lines, but research, in particular, is we took our Q1 experience and we flowed that through across our contract expirations for the balance of the year. We took what we knew specifically about U.S. federal government. We modeled in the new FX rates. And as always, we try and take a prudent approach to how we approach our guidance for the full year. So, I'd say those are the four things that factored into the update of all the guidance lines and the research line in particular.
George Tong: Got it. And can you talk a little bit more about what you're seeing with tech vendors and enterprise functional leaders. Would you say that those trends are holding up better than what you're seeing with federal contract renewals?
Gene Hall: So, what I say with tech vendors, the market continues to improve. Our business there is accelerating, particularly larger vendors. The smaller vendors are accelerating just at a slower pace than the larger vendors. So that business is, I think, quite healthy. With enterprise functional leaders, again, sort of you can separate into the federal government, which we talked about and then all the other enterprise functional or business case, which I think is more in trend with global matters.
George Tong: Got it. Very helpful, Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Chan with UBS. Your line is open.
Joshua Chan: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could talk about the selling environment outside of federal. It seems like you're saying that the environment became more volatile. But I guess if I add back the impact that you gave for the federal government. It seems like the CV ex-federal was fairly similar to what you had in Q4. So, just trying to triangulate the comment about volatility and then the relatively good ex federal CV growth?
Gene Hall: Josh, so the selling environment because of the federal government we talked about, and that was the main thing that impacted our results in Q1. Outside of the federal government, it's not completely uniform in terms of the impact. So, there are some companies that are more impacted, for example, by tariffs than others. By the way, both U.S. as well as non-U.S. companies. And so, the companies that don't have a lot of tariff impact or other kinds of impact for policy changes, it's kind of business as usual in terms of decision-making. The ones that are more directly impacted decision-making has slowed. They're still buying. They're still renewing, but decision cycles have extended compared to what they were, say, Q4 of last year. So, we still see the value. Our pipeline is actually very robust, but decisions are taking longer to get than they would get in Q4 or last year basically.
Joshua Chan: Okay. That's a -- and then I guess, how are you thinking about your cost structure going forward because you clearly raised the guidance despite lowering the revenues. So, could you kind of talk to, I guess, how the lower revenue, but then offset by your more prudent cost management is factoring into your increased margin guidance for the year?
Craig Safian: Yes, Josh. So, I mean, the way to think about that is we've proven over the last several years, given all the things Gene outlined in his prepared remarks about the craziness in the macro and geopolitical environment and just how challenging it has been, that we've been very agile in managing our expenses. And what I'd say now is given the U.S. Fed results and the impact that's having on the contract value growth and then some of the things Gene just outlined as well in terms of longer selling cycles and things like that, we're taking the opportunity to make sure that we are managing our operating expense base super prudently and super carefully. But also making sure that we're investing in areas that we know support and drive future growth. We're in a period right now where our CV is growing, call it, mid- to high single digits. Obviously, we firmly believe that we can be a 12% to 16% growth on the research business at a double-digit grow on the overall top line, and we want to make sure that we don't do anything that damages or impedes our ability to get back there when the economic situation is more "normal". And so, what we're doing is, I'd call it like a slight belt tightening across the board as we're seeing a little bit of pressure in some areas, but also making sure that we're growing our selling capacity because we know that's a key ingredient going forward. So, we're not chop in anything. We're not slamming on the brakes on anything. We're just being thoughtful and prudent and careful and also making sure that we're investing in areas that we know drive and support future growth.
Joshua Chan: That makes a lot of sense. Thank you both for the time and the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Faiza Alwy: Thank you. I wanted to talk about the clients that you mentioned are anticipated or impacted by tariffs, for example, where you've seen slower decision-making -- how have you seen that play out historically? Because I would think that, as you mentioned in your script, like these clients can certainly benefit from Gartner Insights during this time. And so, is there this initial sort of period where folks are evaluating the situation? And are you sort of leaning in harder with these clients to expand your value proposition? And so, how should we think about those clients going forward?
Gene Hall: Faiza, great question. So basically, what we've seen historically is when there's a lot of uncertainty, clients slow their decision-making. And then after a few months, they then say, well, we're in this world, we upside what to do Carter's big health and then we actually have a versus from that. We continue to maintain relationships and continue to build pipeline and clients know the value. But when there's this kind of sort of shock of uncertainty, the first reaction from some companies is to sort of say, let's slow or stop decision for a period of time. And then -- but that period of time goes by, and then they know they need help with cybersecurity. They need help with AI, can you help the cost optimization, all the things that are software selection. So, all those things that are our sweet spots are things that they know they need. And so, there's a sort of that picks up over time is the historical pattern.
Faiza Alwy: Understood. And then just on capital allocation and share buyback, I know you mentioned sort of your eagerness to buy back shares a couple of times. Is there any other perspective around that, just given what's happened with the stock and the market overall? How are you viewing the opportunity to buy back stock? And could we expect a more elevated level of share repurchases this year just given the amount of cash that you have on the balance sheet?
Craig Safian: Faiza, I think our long-term capital allocation strategy is using our balance sheet or cash flow and excess cash to return capital to shareholders through our buyback programs and also to look for strategic value-enhancing, tuck-in M&A. And we continue to believe that we can do both of those things with our balance sheet and our capital allocation. From a buyback perspective, as we've talked about historically, our strategy is to be price sensitive, opportunistic and disciplined. And we're looking to optimize returns on our buybacks, not in a quarter or two, but over the long term. And so, we are always looking at combinations of what's happening with the price of the stock, what are -- what's happening with overall multiples, what's happening with the market, what's happening with our stock individually, what is intrinsic value. All of those things are inputs into how we look to be price-sensitive, opportunistic and disciplined. You rightly point out that we have $2.1 billion of cash on our balance sheet. We expect to generate another order of magnitude $800 million, of free cash flow over the course of this year. And then we'd expect to generate well over $1 billion of free cash flow each and every year. So, what that means is we have a lot of capital that we can put to use on behalf of our shareholders behind either buybacks or strategic tuck-in M&A. And we continue to monitor the situation very closely but we're going to stick to our guns and our sort of approach of being price-sensitive, opportunistic and disciplined with a real focus on optimizing returns over the long term.
Faiza Alwy: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Haas with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Jason Haas: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I believe previously, you were guiding the GBS quarter earned head count to grow double digits this year. And I believe you said that you're now expecting it to grow mid-single digits. Can you just talk about what's the reason for the reduction in that segment specifically?
Craig Safian: Yes, I think it's part of our sort of normal agile planning around the business. Obviously, we do have U.S. federal footprint with our GBS business as well, and that has been impacted in the first quarter, as we described in our prepared remarks. We're also dealing with a more challenging macro environment, gene reference, lumber sales cycles, things of that nature. And so, we're always tweaking what we want and expect from a quarter bearing head count growth perspective over the course of the year. What I would say is we've got dialed into our outlook right now is mid-single-digit growth in both GTS and GBS. But if the end market improves or the demand environment improves or sales cycles reduce, we have plenty of recruiting capacity to be able to go faster if we want to. But essentially, right now, just a reflection of what we're seeing in the market and modest tapping of the brakes there just to make sure that we keep our cost structure in line with our CB growth expectations and our revenue and CV growth expectations rolling forward in '26 and '27.
Jason Haas: Got it. That's helpful. And then as a follow-up, I appreciate the commentary on how you're leveraging AI. I'm curious if you put any thought to rolling out any sort of like chat functionality driven by AI, if that's something that your customers are asking for? Or if there's any potential to use that to maybe make it a little bit easier for your customers to access and utilize all the primary insights from your research?
Gene Hall: Jason, as I mentioned in my remarks, we're really experts on AI. We know it really well. we use AI internally. So, we have an application much like you described, where internally, our associates can use AI to help navigate through our very large content base. We're planning to release that to clients. But because of the problems like hallucinations and things like that, we want to make sure that we get the fund work out. So, our clients comes not to have any hallucinations and things like that, that can happen with AI. So, we've developed it. We're using it internally. You can see about it as piloting it, but it's very broad among thousands of our associates. And it's working very well, but we want to make sure that it is bulletproof before we roll it out to clients. Our plans understand that. They know we understand that they want it will improve.
Jason Haas: Got it. That makes sense. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Nicholas with William Blair. Your line is open.
Andrew Nicholas: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First on the government side, just curious if you could provide any additional color on the timing of renewals throughout the remainder of this year. I believe I caught 40% in the first quarter, but just curious if there's anything unique about kind of cadence throughout the rest of the year. And relatedly, I think you said half or roughly half of those contracts were renewed. Is there any reason for us to think that renewal rates will get better or worse from that level as the year goes on, maybe as you get more comfortable selling back into that group or anything like that, that I'm not thinking of?
Craig Safian: Yes, Andrew, thanks. So, over the next three quarters, Q1 was the largest, as we mentioned and you referenced. Q2 Is less than half of what we saw in Q1. in Q3, which aligns with the U.S. Fed fiscal is our next largest quarter, but it's probably three quarters size of what we saw in Q1. And so -- and then Q4 is really small in terms of the expirations there. So, bulk is actually in Q3, which again, aligns with the U.S. Federal fiscal. In terms of what we've modeled in is what you highlighted essentially, what we experienced during the first quarter, which is nearly half dollar retention around 50%. We've modeled that forward I do think, and Gene made this point earlier as well, we're intent on making sure and really helping our U.S. federal clients achieve their most important mission-critical priorities. And so, we're not just abandoning our clients if the contract doesn't renew, we are there, and we want to make sure that we are there when they already to buy again, which we have a high degree of confidence that if they are still there, they will want to buy our services because we provide so much value. That's not baked in because again, we haven't seen it yet. And so, our philosophy generally is not build forecasts, plans and outlooks based on what we hope is going to happen, but more along what we've seen but that is certainly a possibility. And again, we're organizing our teams to make sure we take advantage of that, probably more of a '26 and '27 dynamic than a '25 dynamic. But if we are able to get people back and turned on during 2025, great, and that would be that upside to what we're looking at.
Andrew Nicholas: Understood. And then kind of changing gears for my follow-up. I just wanted to ask about the conservatism of the OpEx guide. I understand and you gave some great reminders on the flexibility of the cost base and how you're kind of thinking about the cost structure. But you've also, over the past several years, given a pretty prudent outlook in terms of spend. So just wondering if some of the cost actions that you've started to take and tightening of the belt over the past month plus maybe lower some of the conservatism on that front? Or if we should think about it being relatively consistent with previous approaches.
Craig Safian: Yes, it's a great question. I mean the environment is dynamic, as we discussed. And so, we are rolling with that dynamism and attempting to have as much agility around our operating expense base as possible. The reality is, we're obviously managing the 25 P&L to make sure that we're investing for the future and protecting profitability and free cash flow -- but in reality, as you know, we run this business for the long term, and we're making sure that our OpEx base is rightsized for '26 that we're investing in the right areas during 2025, so that we can reaccelerate CV into the future. And so, I wouldn't characterize the guidance as sort of the OpEx guidance as any more prudent or conservative than normal. I would say it's sort of our normal approach to how we build our outlook and how we build our guidance. And as we mentioned earlier, we're prepared to invest more if we see positive changes in the environment, and we're prepared to tighten the belt maybe one more notch if we have to as well. And so, we're very focused on making sure we're doing the right things for the business over the long term. But we're also going to make the right decisions in the short term as well to make sure that we are, again, making the right investments, but also profitability and free cash flow.
Andrew Nicholas: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jeff Silber: Thanks, so much. I just wanted to go back to some of the mechanics regarding cancellation of contracts. I know on the federal government side, most of your contracts, if not all of them, are one year, but I think you have a number of multiyear contracts outside of that. can a client -- let's say I have a 2-year contract, can we, as a client, cancel ahead of that? How much notice do I have to give you? Does it have to be around the anniversary date? Some of the specifics around that, if you can provide, would be great.
Craig Safian: Yes. Generally, Jeff, a multiyear contract is a multiyear commitment. -- with no out clauses or term for convenience rights within that contract. And so, our multiyear contracts are true multiyear contracts. They can be 2 years, 3 years or even 5 years at some point, but the bulk of them are actually 2-year contracts. And so, when a client -- and again, your point is right, the U.S. federal contracts are almost exclusively 1-year contracts. But our multiyear contracts are multiyear with no true out clauses in them. And again, we've been very focused on continuing to increase the proportion of multiyear contracts in our contract value base specifically for challenging macroeconomic times. And again, that's part of the resilience we baked into our business or engineered into our business so that short-term challenges from a macro perspective have a more muted impact on our overall results because of a focus on operational best practices like selling multiyear contracts.
Jeff Silber: Okay. That's helpful. And then you were kind enough to give us kind of the seasonality on renewals for the federal government. Can we get some similarity for the nonfederal government contracts? I know they vary, but any helpful would be great.
Craig Safian: So, I'd say, again, you can kind of see this in the external metrics as well. So, Client retention is holding up really well and looks pretty good. And will look even better or modestly better if we excluded U.S. Federal from it. So, retention rates broadly continue to look pretty good. I think the challenge and Gene alluded to this earlier, is our sales cycles from both a new logo perspective and also from an upsell perspective, have lengthened and that impacts the wallet retention numbers. And so, you're seeing a little bit of that new business velocity impacting the lot retention numbers, but overall, the retention numbers are holding up pretty well. And again, you can see that in both the GTS and GBS client and wallet retention numbers.
Jeff Silber: And is there a specific quarter where most of these contracts renewed.
Craig Safian: Our two biggest quarters are Q1 and Q4 from an exploration perspective; Q2 and Q3 tend to be later quarters. But one of our practices is to when we have the opportunity to early renew things. And so that can move things around. But if you just look at the pure contract term dates or end dates, over weighted to Q1 and Q4, I think like 26% or 27% and then a little underweighted in Q2 and Q3, think in the 22% to 23% of total range.
Jeff Silber: Thanks, very helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: And I'm currently showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Gene Hall for closing remarks.
Gene Hall: Well, here's what would like to take away for today's call. Gartner delivered financial results ahead of expectations. Our tech vendor CV growth continues to accelerate. We have a vast addressable market opportunity. We have a strong and compelling client value proposition. Looking ahead, we're well-positioned to drive sustained double-digit revenue growth over the long term. We'll continue to create value for our shareholders by providing actual objective insight guidance in tools to our clients, by prudently invested for future growth, by generating free cash flow well in excess of net income, and by returning capital to our shareholders through our repurchase program. Thanks for joining us today. We look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-04 08:00:00) =====
David Cohen: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. I'm David Cohen, SVP of Investor Relations. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After comments by Gene Hall, Gartner's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Gartner's Chief Financial Officer, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. This call will include a discussion of fourth quarter 2024 financial results and Gartner's outlook for 2025, as disclosed in today's earnings release and earnings supplement both posted to our website, investor.gartner.com. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA with the adjustments as described in our earnings release and supplement. Our contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2024 foreign exchange rates. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX-neutral unless stated otherwise. All references to share counts are for fully diluted weighted average share counts unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties including those contained in the company's 2023 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now, I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Good morning and thanks for joining us today. Gartner continues to remain resilient in a complex environment. In Q4, contract value grew 8%. Fourth quarter revenue, EBITDA, EPS and free cash flow were ahead of expectations. We delivered 6% headcount growth across our sales organizations and will continue to accelerate growth in 2025. In 2024, geopolitical polarization and conflict was the worst in decades. Supply chains continued to experience major disruptions. Cybersecurity attacks escalated becoming even more sophisticated. Enterprises remain challenged by how to leverage artificial intelligence while mitigating risk and more. Executives across the enterprise are facing greater uncertainty than ever before and the rate of change continues to accelerate. Leaders know they need help and they know Gartner is the best source for the insight, guidance and tools they need to succeed. We help our clients make smarter decisions that address their mission-critical priorities while managing risk, saving time, saving money and building confidence. Gartner guides leaders across every size enterprise in all major geographies and in every major industry. This includes government. There is no organization that knows more about how to help governments than Gartner. We support public sector leaders in 74 countries, including the 30 largest economies, except Russia. And of course, we know more than anybody in the world about how to leverage technology in the private sector. In the U.S., there's a focus on leveraging technology to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of governance. We'll apply our insights and best practices to help the U.S. achieve these objectives. One topic that continues to challenge leaders across the enterprise is how to harness AI innovation in their environment. In the world of artificial intelligence, the pace of innovation is almost impossible to keep up with. During our 2024 IT symposium conference series, Gartner analysts discussed ways leaders could successfully pivot from learning AI to scaling AI and pursuing what's next. We are helping tens of thousands of executives determine how best to leverage AI in their enterprises. Research continues to be our largest and most profitable segment. Within our Research segment, we serve executives and their teams through distinct sales channels. Global Technology Sales, or GTS, serves leaders and their teams within IT. GTS new business grew 13%, with double-digit growth in both enterprise leaders and tech vendors. GTS contract value accelerated to 7% and contract value with tech vendor clients improved for the third consecutive quarter. Global Business Sales, or GBS, serves leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, marketing, legal, sales and more. GBS contract value accelerated to 12% with strong new business growth of 15%. Gartner Conferences deliver extraordinarily valuable insights to an engaged and qualified audience. Conferences revenue grew 17% in the fourth quarter and our plan and advanced bookings for 2025 are strong. Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research. Consulting helps clients execute their most strategic initiatives through deeper project-based work. Consulting is an important complement to our IT research business. Labor-based consulting revenue grew 4%. Contract Optimization revenue was $50 million which exceeded expectations. Three foundational elements of our long-term success are: first, an unrelenting focus on globally consistent execution of Gartner best practices; second, a company-wide commitment to continuous improvement and innovation; and third, our vibrant culture which inspires associates to operate and win as a global team. In closing, Gartner delivered financial results ahead of expectations. Tech vendor CV growth continued to accelerate. We have a powerful client value proposition and a vast addressable market opportunity. We will continue to create value for our shareholders by providing actionable objective insight, guidance and tools to our clients; prudently investing for future growth; and returning capital to our shareholders through our share repurchase program. We expect to deliver modest margin expansion over time and we'll continue to generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income. All of this and more positions us to drive long-term double-digit revenue growth and sustain our track record of success far into the future. With that, I'll hand the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian.
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene and good morning. Fourth quarter contract value growth accelerated to almost 8%. Revenue, EBITDA, adjusted EPS and free cash were better than expected as we continue to execute well in a complex environment. Our financial performance for the full year 2024 included global contract value growth of 8%, consolidated revenue growth of 6%, EBITDA of $1.6 billion, diluted adjusted EPS of $14.09 and free cash flow of $1.4 billion. We repurchased more than $735 million of stock through December and remain eager to repurchase shares opportunistically. We are introducing 2025 guidance which we view as achievable with opportunity for upside. Fourth quarter revenue was $1.7 billion, up 8% year-over-year as reported and FX neutral. In addition, total contribution margin was 66%. EBITDA was $417 million, up 8% as reported and 9% FX neutral. Adjusted EPS was $5.45, up 79% versus Q4 2023. This includes a benefit in the quarter from our tax planning initiatives. And free cash flow was $311 million, a very strong finish to the year. We ended the quarter with 21,044 associates, up 4% year-over-year. We have a great team across Gartner driven by a very compelling associate value proposition. Moving into 2025, we are in an excellent position from a talent and tenure perspective with a strong hiring plan for the coming year. Research revenue in the fourth quarter grew 5% year-over-year, as reported and 6% FX neutral. Subscription revenue grew 8% on an FX-neutral basis. Non-subscription revenue was in line with our expectations and guidance. Fourth quarter research contribution margin was 74%, consistent with the prior year period. For the full year 2024, research revenue increased by 5% as reported and FX neutral. The gross contribution margin for the year was 74%. Contract Value, or CV, was $5.3 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, up 8% versus the prior year. Quarterly net contract value increase, or NCVI, was $220 million. As we've discussed in the past, there is notable seasonality in this metric. For the fourth quarter, CV from enterprise function leaders across GTS and GBS grew 9%. CV from tech vendors accelerated for the third consecutive quarter. CV growth was broad-based across practices, industry sectors, company sizes and geographic regions. Across our combined practices, the majority of the industry sectors grew at double-digit or high single-digit rates led by the health care, manufacturing and public sectors. We had high single-digit growth across almost all of our enterprise size categories. The small category which has the largest tech vendor mix, grew mid-single digits. We also drove double-digit or high single-digit growth in the majority of our top 10 countries. Global Technology sales contract value was $4 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, up 7% versus the prior year. GTS CV increased $165 million from the third quarter. Wallet retention for GTS was 102% for the quarter, reflecting net growth even before the addition of new clients. GTS new business increased 13% versus last year with double-digit growth with both enterprise leaders and tech vendors. GTS quota-bearing headcount increased 4% year-over-year, consistent with our plan. We added 138 net new sellers in the quarter, the largest sequential increase since Q4 of 2022. We are planning mid-single-digit QBH growth for GTS in 2025. Our regular full set of GTS metrics can be found in the earnings supplement. Global Business Sales contract value was $1.2 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, up 12% year-over-year. The majority of our GBS practices grew at double-digit rates. Growth was led by finance, sales and legal. GBS CV increased $55 million from the third quarter. While retention for GBS was 106% for the quarter, reflecting strong net growth with our existing clients, GBS new business was up 15% compared to last year. GBS quota-bearing headcount was up 9% versus the fourth quarter of 2023. We are planning double-digit QBH growth for GBS in 2025. As with GTS, our regular full set of GBS metrics can be found in our earnings supplement. As we do each year at this time, we've provided quarterly historical contract value data updated to 2025 FX rates in the appendix of the earnings supplement. The dollar strengthened significantly during 2024 against our major currencies. This resulted in a larger-than-normal revaluation. As you build your 2025 models, please remember to use the updated data as the baseline for your forecasting. Conferences revenue for the fourth quarter was $251 million, up 17% year-over-year. Contribution margin in the quarter was 48%, consistent with typical seasonality. We held 13 destination conferences in the quarter, all in person. For the full year 2024, we delivered revenue of $583 million which was an increase of 15% on a reported and FX-neutral basis. Full year gross contribution margin was 48%. We made investments during the year for conference launches and the expansion of existing conferences. Fourth quarter consulting revenue of $153 million increased 19% compared with the fourth quarter of 2023. Consulting contribution margin was 35% in the fourth quarter. Labor-based revenue was $104 million, up 4% versus Q4 of last year as reported and on an FX-neutral basis. Backlog at December 31 was $192 million, increasing 17% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis on strength in multiyear contracts. We delivered $50 million of contract optimization revenue in Q4. The quarter was very strong, with more and larger deals compared with last year. About $8 million were pulled forward from the first quarter of 2025. Our contract optimization revenue is highly variable. Full year consulting revenue was up 9% on a reported and FX-neutral basis. Gross contribution margin was 36% compared to 35% in 2023. Consolidated cost of services increased 9% year-over-year in the fourth quarter as reported and 8% on an FX-neutral basis. The biggest driver of the increase was higher headcount to support our future growth. SG&A increased 10% year-over-year in the fourth quarter as reported and on an FX-neutral basis. SG&A increased in the quarter as a result of headcount growth, mostly in sales. EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $417 million, an increase of 8% as reported and 9% on an FX-neutral basis. Fourth quarter EBITDA upside to our guidance primarily reflected stronger-than-expected revenue performance. EBITDA for the full year was almost $1.6 billion, a 5% increase over 2023 on a reported basis and up 6% FX neutral. Depreciation in the quarter of $29 million was up 10% compared to 2023 and similar to Q3. Net interest expense, excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter, was $11 million. This was an improvement of $8 million versus the fourth quarter of 2023 due to higher interest income on our cash balances. The Q4 adjusted tax rate which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income, was a benefit of 25% for the quarter as a result of favorable tax planning which took place during the quarter. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was 32% in Q4. The full year tax rate for the calculation of adjusted net income was 10%, again, as a result of the favorable tax planning in the fourth quarter. Adjusted EPS in Q4 was $5.45, up 79% versus Q4 2023. If the adjusted tax rate had been 23%, adjusted EPS in the quarter would have been $3.37. We had 78 million shares outstanding in the fourth quarter. This is a reduction of about 1 million shares or about 1% year-over-year. We exited the fourth quarter with just under 78 million shares on an unweighted basis. For the full year, adjusted EPS was $14.09, up 24% for 2023. If the adjusted tax rate had been 23%, adjusted EPS for the year would have been $11.99. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $335 million, up 50% compared to last year with a working capital timing benefit in the quarter. CapEx for Q4 was $24 million, about $4 million less than the prior year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $311 million, up 59% compared to last year. Free cash flow for the full year was almost $1.4 billion, a 31% increase versus 2023. There were several items affecting net income and free cash flow during 2024, including after-tax insurance proceeds, a real estate lease termination payment and tax planning benefits. Adjusting for these items, free cash flow for 2024 was 18% of revenue, 74% of EBITDA and 140% of GAAP net income. Our free cash flow conversion is generally higher when CV growth is accelerating. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had about $1.9 billion of cash. Our December 31 debt balance was about $2.5 billion. Our reported gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA was under 2x. Our expected free cash flow generation, available revolver and excess cash remaining on the balance sheet provide ample liquidity to deliver on our capital allocation strategy of share repurchases and strategic tuck-in M&A. Our balance sheet is very strong with $2.6 billion of liquidity, low levels of leverage and effectively fixed interest rates. We repurchased $102 million of stock during the fourth quarter and more than $735 million for the full year. At the end of December, we had more than $900 million of authorization for repurchases remaining and we expect the Board will continue to refresh the repurchase authorization going forward. As we continue to repurchase shares, our capital base will shrink. Over time, this is accretive to earnings per share and combined with growing profits, also delivers increasing returns on invested capital. Before providing the 2025 guidance details, I want to discuss our base level assumptions and planning philosophy for 2025. As you know, the U.S. dollar has strengthened significantly. We expect FX will be around a 2 percentage point headwind to revenue and EBITDA growth for the full year. For research, we continue to innovate and provide a very compelling value proposition for clients and prospects. The outlook for 2025 research revenue growth is a function of 3 primary factors: first, 2024 ending contract value; second, the timing and slope of the continued CV acceleration; and third, the performance of non-subscription revenue. Starting with research subscription revenue which was 77% of 2024 consolidated revenue. Our guidance reflects CV continuing to accelerate during 2025. First quarter and first half NCVI are important inputs to calendar 2025 revenue growth. We have taken a prudent view of NCVI phasing because Q1 is a seasonally important quarter for renewals. With the U.S. Federal Government, we ended 2024 with around $270 million of CV which is 5% of the total. Our contracts are spread widely across agencies and departments. Around 85% of U.S. Federal CV is in GTS. Almost all the U.S. federal contracts are for 1 year with renewal spread across the year. We offer a very compelling value proposition for our public sector clients. As Gene discussed, we help government function leaders address their mission-critical priorities. Potential government changes may affect our business in the short term. We will continue to provide great sales, service and research levels to our clients. This will position us to drive strong growth over time. The non-subscription part of the Research segment was about 5% of consolidated revenue in 2024. We built into the guidance a continuation of second half traffic trends. If the underlying fundamentals of this portion of the segment improve, we'll be able to increase the full year outlook. For conferences which was about 9% of 2024 revenue, we are basing our guidance on the 53 in-person destination conferences we have planned for 2025. We expect similar seasonality to what we saw in 2024 with Q4 the largest quarter, followed by Q2. We expect gross margins in the second quarter to be the highest of the year for the Conferences segment. We have very good visibility into 2025 revenue with the majority of what we've guided already under contract. This is consistent with last year. For Consulting which was also about 9% of 2024 revenue, we have more visibility into the first half based on the composition of our backlog and pipeline as usual. Contract optimization has had several very strong years. It's seasonally slower in the first quarter. We pulled forward about $8 million in Q4 and the business remains highly variable. We've incorporated a prudent outlook for this part of the segment. Our base level assumptions for consolidated expenses reflect the run rate from the second half 2024 hiring and the growth hiring we have planned for 2025. Beyond the hiring factors, we recommend thinking about expenses sequentially with notable seasonality driven by the conferences calendar and annual merit increases. Our plan for mid-to-high single-digit sales headcount growth for 2025 reflects our commitment to invest for future growth while delivering strong margins and free cash flow. For GTS, we expect mid-single-digit QBH growth again in 2025. We have the capacity we need for the tech vendor part of the business for now and we're going to be thoughtful about our public sector hiring in the short term. For GBS, we plan to grow QBH double digits this year. We have the recruiting capacity to go faster depending on how the year plays out. The most important way we invest for long-term sustained double-digit growth is by increasing our sales headcount. This is an essential part of our 2025 operating plan. Our guidance for 2025 is as follows: We expect Research revenue of at least $5.365 billion which is FX-neutral growth of about 6%. The guidance reflects FX-neutral research subscription revenue growth near 8%, consistent with 2024 CV growth. We expect Conferences revenue of at least $625 million which is FX-neutral growth of about 10%. We expect Consulting revenue of at least $565 million which is FX-neutral growth of about 2%. The result is an outlook for consolidated revenue of at least $6.555 billion which is FX-neutral growth of 6%. We expect full year EBITDA of at least $1.51 billion. On a reported basis, we expect an EBITDA margin of at least 23%. Compared with 2024 margins, this factors in FX, 2024 headcount additions, 2025 growth hiring and a prudent approach to the plan. We expect 2025 adjusted EPS of at least $11.45 per share. For 2025, we expect free cash flow of at least $1.14 billion. This reflects a conversion from GAAP net income of about 140%. Our guidance is based on 78 million shares which only assumes repurchases to offset dilution. Finally, for the first quarter of 2025, we expect to deliver EBITDA of at least $345 million. We performed well in 2024 despite continuing global macro uncertainty and a dynamic tech vendor market. We finished the year with high single-digit CV growth. Revenue, EBITDA, EPS and free cash flow performance exceeded our expectations and the guidance we set a year ago. We repurchased about $735 million in stock during 2024 and more than $4 billion over the past 4 years. We remain eager to return excess capital to our shareholders. We will continue to be price sensitive, opportunistic and disciplined. Looking out over the medium term, our financial model and expectations are unchanged. With 12% to 16% Research CV growth, we will deliver double-digit revenue growth. With gross margin expansion, sales costs growing about in line with CV growth and G&A leverage, we will expand EBITDA margins modestly over time. We can grow free cash flow at least as fast as EBITDA because of our modest CapEx needs and the benefits of our clients paying us upfront. And we'll continue to deploy our capital on share repurchases which will lower the share count over time and on strategic value-enhancing tuck-in M&A. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Jeff Meuler from Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey Meuler: You gave us a lot of perspective but I'm still trying to tie some of the things you gave us together. A 7.8% Q4 CV exit rate with Research subscription constant currency growth only landing near 8%, especially when you have an easier comp to begin the year and that flows through while the revenue of CV does well then. Just are you seeing anything from the renewal risk heat map perspective? Or are you hearing things from the U.S. Federal Government salespeople or seeing something in those renewal trends on the ground yet? Or just anything you're trying to signal beyond the prudence in the guidance assumptions to tie those figures together?
Gene Hall: So the biggest driver of forward year subscription revenue growth is going to be the end of year prior year CV growth. And that sort of determines, call it, 80% to 85% of how much revenue actually flows through into the following year. The other important part which we talked about a little bit during the prepared remarks, is the phasing of our NCVI quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter. And as we mentioned, we -- Q1 is a heavy renewal quarter or a little bit heavier than average and it is our lowest new business quarter. And so we generally take a pretty prudent approach to how we plan for Q1 and Q2 in CVI. And those -- Q1 and Q2 are the quarters that can materially move the revenue up or down depending on the performance. And so what you're looking at is sort of I would characterize as sort of a normal flow of ending contract value growth flowing into 2025 and then our "normal" expectations for first half NCVI rolling into that around 8% constant currency subscription revenue growth for 2025.
Jeffrey Meuler: Got it. And then on 2025 margin guidance, I hear you an opportunity for upside. But should we be thinking that wherever 2025 margin lands will be the fully rebased year to expand modestly from over time, consistent with the medium-term framework? And I ask because it sounds like you're still reaccelerating sales headcount, still reimplementing growth investment and you're not going to be fully back to the medium-term growth framework for GTS quota-bearing headcount in terms of the growth rate yet in 2025? So are we still likely going to be talking about I guess, needing to annualize that spend a year from now? Or is 2025 kind of the final margin reset?
Gene Hall: Thanks, Jeff. So I'd like to say, yes. I don't know what the year has in store for us in terms of the dynamism of the environment that we're operating in. But one way to sort of step back and think about it is the implied operating expense growth that we have baked into our 2025 plan and guide is around 9% year-over-year operating expense growth. And that encompasses the growth we brought on board in 2024, particularly from a QBH perspective but across the company and the growth we have planned for 2025 with more normal phasing of that hiring. And so if revenue -- and again and we have modeled in our CV growth rate accelerating over the course of 2025. And so if 2025 ends up being a more again, normal year, yes, I would say 2025 could be the new baseline. But again, given the dynamic world in which we operate, it's hard to call that right this moment.
Operator: Our next question will come from Toni Kaplan from Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: I caught the part in the prepared remarks where tech vendor growth continued to accelerate in the quarter. I know last year, we had that first quarter dynamic but I wanted to understand, are we in a place where a tech vendor is a nonissue now for this year and should we expect to see accelerating growth throughout the year?
Gene Hall: So the tech vendor market has recovered nicely and we are as well. So we expect it to return to a more normalized state over the next several quarters. And so I think it's -- we expect it to continue to accelerate for the year.
Toni Kaplan: Great. And then I think one of the questions that people have been asking recently is on the buyback. So Craig, could you just remind us what goes into your decision-making process on that? And any thoughts about -- I know you mentioned in the guide, you're only really contemplating buying back for dilution. But to the extent that you have a lot of excess cash on the balance sheet, your leverage level is below where your target is. Just want to understand whether we could see upside to that buyback guide?
Craig Safian: Thank you, Toni. So I'll start. Philosophically, we want to make sure that we deploy our capital on shareholder value-enhancing initiatives, one of those initiatives that we know delivers great returns over the long term is returning capital to our shareholders through our buyback programs and we remain committed to deploying our capital in smart ways, whether it be through the buyback program or through strategic value-enhancing tuck-in M&A. On the buyback side, again, just zooming back for a moment, we bought back north of $700 million in 2024. Over the past 4 years, it's been over $4 billion. And so I think we've proven that, yes, we are more than willing to put our money to work and capital to work and free cash flow to work on behalf of our shareholders. That said, we don't want to just be in the market buying blindly. We have a philosophy of being price-sensitive, opportunistic and disciplined. And when we see an opportunity to go big when there is a disruption either in the market or in the share price or in the sector or whatever it may be, we are ready to go big. We were able to repurchase over $700 million of stock last year at attractive prices because we follow that philosophy. And so going forward, as I mentioned on Jeff's question, the world is a pretty dynamic place and volatile place and so that should give us opportunities to get into the market and be more aggressive but we're not going to deviate from our overall philosophy of being price-sensitive, opportunistic and disciplined.
Operator: Our next question will come from Faiza Alwy from Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy: First, I wanted to ask about the public sector. You said that you are going to be thoughtful about public sector hiring in the short term. And I know you've talked about the value proposition for the public sector. Obviously, there's been a lot in the news. Just give us a bit more color -- and thank you for the quantification there but give us a bit more color about how you're tactically approaching the public sector just in light of the dynamic environment there?
Gene Hall: So let me start. First, -- for the public sector for us, encompasses federal governments, state governments, local governments in 74 countries around the world. So when it comes to public sector, we're actually incredibly diversified in terms of where public sector comes from. And we help among the most advanced governments in the world with their service, delivering better services to their citizens and we're an essential service for them. And so we're going to continue doing that. And so as we look at the public sector, if you think about it as being not just like U.S. Government but being actually 74 countries and federal, state, local, all of whom technology is just as important as for the commercial sector. And so we see it as a very vibrant sector for us overall that we expect to continue to do very well with us.
Faiza Alwy: Okay. Understood. And then you talked about 1Q being like a higher renewal quarter for you. Give us some perspective on how much -- is that across the board? Is that -- were you talking specifically about tech lenders or GTS or is it across the board?
Craig Safian: Yes. Faiza, it's Craig. So our renewals are phased pretty evenly throughout the year but it's not 25, 25, 25, 25. And so Q1 happens to be a little bit higher than the 25% mark. And as I mentioned earlier, it's our lowest new business quarter. Fourth quarter is our largest new business quarter, we have our most conferences, we build the most pipelines and we sell the most new business. And as we roll into Q1, it tends to be our lightest new business quarter. So it's really the dynamic of slightly higher-than-average amount of renewals in the quarter and seasonally our lowest new business quarter that causes us to make sure that we're thoughtful about the Q1 NCVI that we build into our revenue plan.
Operator: Our next question will come from Andrew Nicholas from William Blair.
Andrew Nicholas: First question, I just kind of wanted to circle back on the government piece. I understand it's not a massive part of the business and you're optimistic about the opportunity in medium and long term. But can you just clarify, like are you already getting feedback from that part of your business that the renewal cycle will be choppy? I think you mentioned those are generally 1-year contracts or is it just kind of reacting to news flow and being a bit more cautious? Just not sure if it's tangible to this point or goes back to a typically conservative approach?
Gene Hall: So, if I look -- again, if I look at our total business, the 74 countries in federal, state, local are highly diversified. No change there. If I zoom in just on the U.S. public sector, I'd say, we're seeing the same -- the trends we're seeing now are the same trends we saw in Q4. There's no change. And that could change in the future but as we sit here today, there's no trends -- no difference from what we saw in Q4.
Andrew Nicholas: Great. And then for my follow-up, I just wanted to ask about generative AI broadly. It seems like every day we get a new release from one of the major players there in terms of new models, new capabilities. Any update to how you're thinking about your ability to leverage that technology within your business, become more efficient, generate more content, whatever it may be. Any updated thoughts there would be great.
Gene Hall: So AI is fantastic for us. If I start with our clients and I'll come back to us but if I start with our clients, it's the -- it's one of the biggest areas of uncertainty. There's a lot of expectation, it can provide a lot of productivity growth in the future for our clients. And we're best positioned in the world to help our clients to sort this out, both on the enterprise function leader side as well as on the tech vendor side. Within Gartner, in particular, we have in the range of tens of different kinds of initiatives where we're applying AI, generative AI but other kinds of AI as well. And it ranges from advanced statistical techniques with some types of AI to using generative AI for things like training as well as in some of our client facing, doing things like translations and things like that. And so we've got like many tens of applications were using. No single application is going to be like improve productivity 50%. Each of these are going to be like small little things. Some will work out and be great and maybe great, meaning like they'll give us a 5% productivity improvement. And some we will try and we'll find actually if they don't have a big impact and move on to the next one. And so we're seeing it as -- so we have a strategy of continuous improvement and continuous innovation. AI and generative AI both are just another piece of our continuous innovation, continuous improvement strategy. So again, it will be -- will be transformational but it will help us continue to improve our effectiveness over time, both with clients. But the big advantage for us is not on the internal side, it's really about helping clients figure out how to use in their business which is the rate change is so high that there's -- there are a few things that have been in business history have so much uncertainty which is great for us.
Operator: Our next question will come from Manav Patnaik from Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Gene, I was just wondering in terms of GTS, right, I think you talked about in your prepared remarks how sales growth is very important to your long-term double-digit growth and you're doing that in GBS. I was just wondering in GTS, why only mid-single digits? What kind of environment or what does it take for you to get back to the double-digit sales force growth on the GTS side?
Gene Hall: So the -- if I look at GTS, we believe that there is room to improve productivity in GTS in addition to growing headcount. And so the reason we're growing GTS headcount modestly slower than we wanted to over the medium term is that we believe we can get growth out of productivity, particularly on the tech vendor side of our business, we think we can do both, improve productivity and grow headcount.
Manav Patnaik: Okay, fair enough. And then, Craig, just in terms of being opportunistic on the buybacks, is it really just the -- I guess, your interpretation if the stock is cheap or not. But just besides that, is there any deal pipeline or anything of that nature that might be part of why you're holding back as well?
Craig Safian: Manav, we're in a position where because of our excess cash we have on the balance sheet, balance sheet flexibility and the $1 billion-plus of free cash flow that we generate each year, it's an and question not an or question for us in terms of buybacks or M&A. So I would not read anything into our opportunism and discipline around our buyback program and M&A pipeline. Again and I think the other thing I would just highlight is the bulk or virtually all of our M&A targets, I would characterize as small to medium kind of tuck-in acquisitions, nothing big transformational like we did 8 years ago.
Operator: Our next question will come from Surinder Thind from Jefferies LLC.
Surinder Thind: Gene, a big picture question here. As you think about tech vendor and maybe the cyclicality in that part of the business, how do you think about that on a go-forward basis in the sense of how unusual do you think this cycle has been? And if I interpret your comments correctly, it sounds like tech vendor should be back to normalized growth by the end of 2025. And if so, what does normalized growth for that business look like?
Gene Hall: So, I think the period that we've been through over the last 3 or 4 years has been pretty extraordinary in the tech sector. There was a -- if you look at venture capital funding, during that time period, it went up a whole number of multiples, I think 3 to 4 times. And so there was a -- in my view, an unusually large, I'll call it, bubble, of venture capital spending which then drove a kind of bubble with all those tech companies. I can't recall that happening and I don't see that happening again. Anything could happen but I do think that was very unusual. If you look at the 20 years prior to that, we didn't see that. We saw ups and downs but not anything like that. And so I would expect it to be anywhere near as cyclical as it has been. The other thing that happened then, too, is it wasn't just cyclical. There was a shift in what the venture capital firms were investing in that happened simultaneously. So a lot of the investments they made that were not in AI and now there's a big focus in venture capital in AI. And so there's a big shift going on from companies that used to get funding 4 years ago or 3 years ago that today can't get funding, a different set of companies now that are getting those funding. That's all, I think, a very -- that's not a usual event if you look back over the last 20-plus years.
Craig Safian: And 2 other thoughts there, Surinder. So one, when we think about our medium-term objective for research and CV growth, it's 12% to 16% and that's across the entire GTS and GBS portfolio, inclusive of tech vendor. And if you go back historically, tech vendor has grown in that range year after year after year after year. And so I do think the most recent cycle has been abnormal or atypical. The other thing, just to clarify, I think what Gene said is returning to normal growth over the next several quarters. He wasn't pegging end of year or anything like that. And so we expect our tech vendor CV to continue to accelerate. It has accelerated these past 3 quarters and we'll continue to accelerate into '26 and beyond.
Surinder Thind: That's helpful. And then maybe just on the non-subscription lead gen part of the business. Can you maybe talk about where you believe you are in that part of this strategic shift, maybe how demand pricing has evolved versus the expectations over the last year and where you think it's going to head to or what's in the assumptions for 2025?
Gene Hall: So, I'll start with kind of where the business is. So the business went through -- in fact, it was impacted by the same things we just like earlier with this, what I will call tech bubble. And we're kind of, I think, getting -- working our way through all of those. And I think the business will then normalize and be back to kind of normal where both traffic, conversion traffic and pricing then stabilizes again over the next few quarters.
Operator: Our next question will come from Josh Chan from UBS.
Joshua Chan: I was wondering if you could talk about the selling environment. I noticed that the GTS wallet retention improved nicely this quarter. So I wonder if any change you've noticed there in terms of selling and renewals?
Gene Hall: So, I would say the selling environment is unchanged but our level of execution continues to improve. So I think the improvement you're seeing across the business is due to improved execution on our part.
Joshua Chan: Okay, that's great color. And then on your comment about the Q1 renewal prudence. I think last year, you had slightly negative NCVI in Q1 but that was because tech vendors were in a much tougher spot. And so I guess with tech vendors seemingly getting better this year, can we roll out negative NCVI in Q1? I guess, would you care to comment on that?
Craig Safian: Yes. It's we're -- we don't guide on CV and we're not going to guide on Q1 and we're only 1 month into the cycle, I would just emphasize that the world is a very dynamic place. We have planned what we consider to be appropriately and prudently for Q1 NCVI and we are fighting for every new business win and every renewal rate, like we always do. We are executing better, as Gene mentioned, then we had 4 quarters ago, 6 quarters ago, 8 quarters ago and we'll continue to do that. We'll update you on Q1 in April or early May.
Joshua Chan: Great. And good luck in the Q1.
Craig Safian: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from George Tong from Goldman Sachs.
George Tong: Just sort of built on the prior question but you talked about taking a prudent view of NCVI phasing since 1Q is a heavier renewal quarter and lower new business quarter. Can you talk about some of the top internal or external swing factors that you're watching that could affect how NCVI comes in?
Craig Safian: It's the normal stuff, George. So obviously, we have a global business that operates with the largest companies in the world down to smaller companies. We've got small tech vendor baked in there. We obviously have our public sector business and some level of U.S. Fed renewals in the first quarter. So there's always large swing factors. Last year was a bit unique in that we had several very large tech vendor renewals where we knew the situations were going to be challenging. So they're either like large M&A closing and us having to deal with the ramifications of that or large layoffs announced in the throes of us going through the renewal process. So we don't have that to the same extent that we did last year. But we're talking about thousands and thousands of deals that our teams are working both from a research perspective, a service perspective, a renewal perspective and a growth perspective over the course of the quarter. And so any of those underneath the covers can drive the overall NCVI and CV growth up or down a little bit.
George Tong: Got it. That's helpful context. And then you're planning to increase sales headcount mid-single digits in GTS, in double digits in GBS this year. Can you talk about the phasing of this hiring? If it's going to be front-end loaded or back-end loaded or perhaps evenly distributed across the year?
Craig Safian: Yes, it's a great question, George. So I think in 2024, almost all of our growth hiring or the net increase in quota-bearing headcount was back-end loaded. In 2025, current plan is for it to be more evenly spread throughout the year. The one thing I would note, though, is the number can bounce around a little bit quarter-to-quarter. We're not necessarily hiring to a deadline of we must have you on board by midnight on March 31, so we can hit our numbers. We are much more pragmatic about how we run the business. So there can be a little bit of noise in the numbers from quarter-to-quarter. The other thing I'd say is Q1 can often be a lighter net growth quarter, not hiring quarter but net growth quarter because that's when we do all our promotions and then we backfill them. We often backfill a lot of them in advance in the fourth quarter. We often tend to see a little bit higher turnover in the first quarter because if people didn't earn money in 2024, they often opt out and leave and look for greener pass-through somewhere else in the first quarter. So there can be a little bit of volatility in the numbers for all those reasons but we would anticipate not being nearly as back-end loaded in 2025 as we were in 2024.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets.
Jeff Silber: I wanted to ask about pricing. If I remember correctly, you take price increases in the beginning of November and I think you said it was roughly 4%. Is that across the board? Is it different by product and geography? And I'm just wondering, did you get any pushback this year greater than normal?
Craig Safian: Jeff, so the price increase for the most part goes into effect, as you said, on November 1. On average, it was a little bit below 4%. But we don't paint it with a broad paint brush. We actually look at it specifically by product and by geography. And so in markets that are more inflationary, we will be more aggressive on pricing. And again, one of the key inputs that we look at is wage inflation in the given markets as well because as we've talked about, philosophically, we want to make sure that our pricing at least offsets what our expectation is from a wage inflation perspective, so it is not a broad paint brush, we're actually very laser-focused on making sure that we're taking the pricing up the right amount, in the right places, in the right currencies. And then in terms of pushback, it's been the standard price increase, so nothing of note related to pushback. I think we're very focused on making sure that we are constantly improving our delivery and our products and that justifies the very modest price increase that we put on top for our clients each year.
Jeff Silber: Right. That's really helpful. If I could shift gears, maybe just talk about some different geographies. I think you said that the growth was broad-based but I'm really curious specifically in Europe and China, what the trends were there?
Craig Safian: Yes. So it's Europe -- the selling environment in Europe has basically been pretty consistent from what we saw in the second half of 2024, so nothing or no news to report there. On the China side, has been pretty challenging, especially with larger clients there in China. What I would say is we've had some success and seen some improvement in selling to like a tier below that over the second half of the year but it's been largely consistent our performance over the course of 2024.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jason Haas from Wells Fargo.
Jason Haas: I saw the GTS productivity improved from 3Q to 4Q, despite the fact that you increased headcount which you know can be difficult to drive and then you made some comments earlier about better execution. So I was curious if you could provide some more color on that in terms of what changes you've made and how you've been able to drive that?
Gene Hall: So Jason, it's basically the normal stuff which is we're very focused on making sure we hire the right people. And when we get the right people, then we give them right training and so we're constantly improving our recruiting processes. We also are constantly improving our training, a big focus on training. And then again, if I look at like the tools we provide our sales force, we're always innovating those tools, those are always taken to another level literally quarter-by-quarter. And so it's basically who we recruit, how we train them and the tools we give our salespeople.
Jason Haas: Got it. That's helpful. And then there's also a comment earlier about an expectation. I know you don't guide to CV but there's a comment about an expectation that CV growth would continue to accelerate. So I was hoping you could put a finer point on that. Are you saying that the 7.8% that you reported in 4Q, is that expected to be the bottom here and each quarter should be above that? Or could it potentially be more sort of rough path from here?
Craig Safian: Yes. Jason, I think the comment is more that over the course of 2025 and when we exit 2025, we would expect to be higher than 7.8%. As we've talked about in the past, the CV growth rate may not go up in a precisely straight line or that the slope may not be precisely straight, more so that the trend will be that it will exit 2025 higher than 7.8%. And again and with a goal towards continuing to accelerate to first double digit and then to our medium-term objective of 12% to 16%.
Operator: And I am showing no further questions from our phone lines. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Gene Hall for any closing remarks.
Gene Hall: So here's what I'd like you to take away from today's call. Gartner delivered financial results ahead of expectations. Tech vendor CV growth continues to accelerate. We have a vast addressable market opportunity. We have a strong and compelling value proposition. Looking ahead, we're well positioned to drive sustained double-digit revenue growth over the long term. We'll continue to create value for our shareholders by providing actual objective insight guidance and tools to our clients, prudently investing for future growth, generating free cash flow well in excess of net income and returning capital to our shareholders through our repurchase program. Thanks for joining us today and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-05 08:00:00) =====
David Cohen: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. I'm David Cohen, SVP of Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions] After comments by Gene Hall, Gartner's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Gartner's Financial Officer, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please advise that today's conference conference is being recorded. This call will include a discussion of third quarter 2024 financial results and Gartner's outlook for 2024 as disclosed in today's earnings release and earnings supplement, both posted to our website, investor.gartner.com. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, with the adjustments as described in our earnings release and supplement. Our contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2024 foreign exchange rates. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX neutral, unless stated otherwise. All references to share counts are for fully diluted weighted average share counts, unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2023 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Eugene Hall: Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. Gartner continues to remain resilient in a complex environment. In Q3, contract value grew high single digits. Financial results for the third quarter were ahead of expectations. We raised our 2024 guidance for revenue, EBITDA, EPS and free cash flow. Leaders in every enterprise continue to face more simultaneous disruptions than ever before. Gartner is the best source for actionable objective insight to drive smart decisions and stronger performance on an organization's mission-critical priorities. A powerful way to experience our research insights is to attend a Gartner Conference. At the start of every conference, our analysts deliver a thought-provoking keynote on a critically important topic. I recently attended Gartner's IT Symposium Expo in Orlando, Florida. In the opening keynote, our analysts inspired thousands of CIOs and IT executives. They showed these leaders how to implement AI in the right places at the right pace for their environments. The keynote received among the highest ratings ever. Gartner delivers unparalleled value at the intersection of business and technology. We help our clients manage risk, save time, save money and build confidence. We got clients through a wide range of topics. For example, cybersecurity, strategic workforce planning, cost optimization and leveraging generative AI across multiple disciplines, including procurement, brand management and sales enablement. Research continues to be our largest and most profitable segment. Our research business source leaders across all major enterprise functions in every industry and every geography, and our market opportunity is vast. Within our research business, contract value with enterprise function leaders grew 9%. And contract value with tech vendor clients continued the improvement we saw last quarter. We serve executives and their teams through distinct sales channels. Global Technology Sales, or GTS, serves leaders and their teams within IT. Contract value was 6%, GTS new business growth was 8%. Global Business Sales, or GBS, serves leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, marketing, legal, sales and more. GBS new business growth was 10% and contract value grew 12%. Gartner Conferences deliver extraordinarily valuable insights to an engaged and qualified audience. Revenue grew 30% in the third quarter, and we're off to a great start in Q4. Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research. Consulting [indiscernible] execute their most strategic initiatives through deeper project-based work. Consulting is an important complement to our IT research business. Labor-based consulting revenue grew 2%. Contract optimization revenue met our expectations. Our road to success has been driven by relentless execution of Gartner best practices. We continuously improve and innovate across our business. I'll share a few examples. First, we deployed a state-of-the-art CRM system across most of our business. Now our teams have greater visibility to better serve our clients. We also added innovations to our phased approach to sales training, which positively impact sales productivity for new hires. One way we capture our large untapped market opportunity is by growing sales headcount. We accelerated hiring in the second half of 2024, and expect to continue growing our sales force into 2025 and beyond. Another example of improvement is with [indiscernible] salespeople. We're growing and refining our [indiscernible] type program that lets early career salespeople gain valuable experience before they take on direct [indiscernible] roles. And we're leveraging AI internally. We've built prototypes that our associates are using to match our vast library of powerful insights to each client situation. And those are just a few examples. Developing creates best practices and executing them consistently is a core part of our strategy. In closing, Gartner delivered financial results ahead of expectations. We delivered 9% contract value growth with enterprise function leaders. Tech vendor CV growth has turned the corner and continues to accelerate. Our client value proposition and addressable market opportunity will allow us to drive long-term sustained double-digit revenue growth. We'll continue to create value for our shareholders by providing actionable objective insight to our clients, [indiscernible] investing for future growth and returning capital to our shareholders through our share repurchase program. We expect to deliver modest margin expansion over time and will continue to generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income. All of this and more positions us to continue our sustained track record of success far in the future. With that, I'll hand the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian.
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene, and good morning. Third quarter contract value grew 7% year-over-year, another good performance in a still complex environment. Third quarter revenue, EBITDA and EPS all came in ahead of our expectations. We are updating our guidance based on the Q3 results and an improved outlook for the fourth quarter. Also during the third quarter, we received $300 million before taxes related to conference cancellation insurance for the conferences affected by the pandemic. We have repurchased more than $630 million of stock through September and remain eager to repurchase shares opportunistically. Third quarter revenue was $1.5 billion, up 5% year-over-year as reported and 6% FX neutral. In addition, total contribution margin was 68%, consistent with last year. EBITDA was $340 million, up 2% as reported and 3% FX neutral versus the third quarter of 2023. Adjusted EPS was $2.50 compared with $2.56 in Q3 of last year. And free cash flow, including the insurance-related proceeds, was $565 million. Research revenue in the third quarter grew 5% year-over-year as reported and FX neutral. Subscription revenue grew 7% FX neutral. Nonsubscription research revenue was in line with our expectations. Third quarter research contribution margin was 74%, consistent with last year. Contract value was $5 billion at the end of the third quarter, up 7% versus the prior year and up about $104 million from the second quarter. CV from enterprise function leaders across GTS and GBS grew 9%. Contract value and CV growth are FX neutral. CV growth was broad-based across practices, industry sectors, company sizes and geographic regions. Tech vendor contract value has turned a corner with strong new business and continued contract value acceleration in Q3. Across our combined practices, half of the industry sectors grew at double-digit or high single-digit rates, led by the energy, health care and manufacturing sectors. CV grew at high single-digit rates across all enterprise sizes except small, which grew low single digits and has the largest tech vendor mix. We also drove double-digit or high single-digit growth in the majority of our top 10 countries. Global Technology Sales contract value was $3.9 billion at the end of the third quarter, up 6% versus the prior year. GTS enterprise leader CV increased high single digits. Tech vendor CV growth improved from Q2 as the positive shift, which began last quarter, continued. GTS CV increased $67 million from the second quarter, while retention for GTS was 101% for the quarter, similar to Q2. Enterprise leader wallet retention was consistent with historical levels. GTS new business was up 8% compared to last year. CTS quota-bearing head count was up 1% year-over-year. We added more than 90 sellers in the quarter, the largest sequential increase since Q4 of 2022. This sets us up to deliver on mid-single-digit QBH growth for GTS by the end of the year. Our regular full set of GTS metrics can be found in our earnings supplement. Global Business Sales contract value was $1.2 billion at the end of the third quarter, up 12% year-over-year. All of our GBS practices grew at double-digit rates other than marketing and sales, which grew mid-single digits. Growth was led by the finance, legal and supply chain practices. GBS CV increased $37 million from the second quarter. While retention for GBS was 106% for the quarter, which compares to 108% in the prior year, GBS new business was up 10% compared to last year. GBS quota-bearing head count was up 8% year-over-year, and we continue to target high single-digit growth for 2024. As with GTS, our regular full set of GBS metrics can be found in our earnings supplement. Conferences revenue for the third quarter was $76 million, increasing 32% as reported and 30% FX neutral compared to Q3 of 2023. Contribution margin was 40%, consistent with typical Q3 seasonality. We held 10 destination conferences in the third quarter. Third quarter consulting revenue was $128 million compared with $133 million in the year ago period. Consulting contribution margin was 33% in the third quarter. Labor-based revenue was $101 million, up 2% versus Q3 of last year as reported and FX neutral. Backlog at September 30 was $218 million, increasing 21% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis with continued booking strength. In contract optimization, we delivered $26 million of revenue in the quarter with a very tough compare from Q3 of last year. Our contract optimization revenue is highly variable. Consolidated cost of services increased 5% year-over-year in the third quarter as reported and FX neutral. The biggest driver of the increase was higher compensation costs. SG&A increased 8% year-over-year in the third quarter as reported and on an FX-neutral basis. SG&A increased in the quarter as a result of headcount growth, which contributed to higher compensation costs. EBITDA for the third quarter was $340 million, up 2% from last year as reported and up 3% FX neutral. We outperformed in the third quarter through revenue upside, effective expense management and a prudent approach to guidance. Depreciation in the quarter of $29 million was up 18% compared to 2023. Net interest expense, excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter, was $17 million. This is favorable by $4 million versus the third quarter of 2023 due to higher interest income on our cash balances. The modest floating rate debt we have is fully hedged through the third quarter of 2025. The Q3 adjusted tax rate, which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income, was 26% for the quarter. This compares to last year's rate of 22%. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was 17% for the quarter. Adjusted EPS in Q3 was $2.5 compared with $2.56 last year. We had 78 million shares outstanding in the third quarter. This is an improvement of close to 1.6 million shares or about 2% year-over-year. We exited the third quarter with about 78 million shares on an unweighted basis. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $591 million compared with $331 million in Q3 of 2023. This includes $300 million of insurance-related proceeds we received in the quarter. We expect to pay the associated taxes during Q4. CapEx for the quarter was $26 million, in line with our expectations. Free cash flow for the quarter was $565 million, including the insurance-related proceeds. Free cash flow on a rolling 4-quarter basis was 119% of GAAP net income. Excluding the insurance-related proceeds, free cash flow was 16% of revenue and 63% of EBITDA. Our free cash flow conversion is generally higher when CV growth is accelerating. At the end of the third quarter, we had about $1.8 billion of cash. Our September 30 debt balance was about $2.5 billion. Our reported gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA was under 2x. Our expected free cash flow generation, available revolver and excess cash remaining on the balance sheet provide ample liquidity to deliver on our capital allocation strategy of disciplined share repurchases and strategic tuck-in M&A. Our balance sheet is very strong with $2.5 billion of liquidity, low levels of leverage and effectively fixed interest rates. We repurchased $69 million of stock during the third quarter. As of the end of Q3, our share repurchase authorization is more than $1 billion. As we continue to repurchase shares, our capital base will shrink. Over time, this is accretive to earnings per share and, combined with growing profits, also delivers increasing returns on invested capital. We are updating our full year guidance to reflect recent performance and trends. We increased the outlook for all 3 segments: Research, Conferences and Consulting. And our EBITDA guidance reflects Q3 upside and an increased outlook for Q4. As a reminder, about 1/3 of our revenue and operating expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Based on recent FX rates, we expect currency to be a modest benefit in Q4. Our updated 2024 guidance is as follows: we expect research revenue of at least $5.11 billion, which is FX-neutral growth of about 5%. This reflects subscription research revenue growth of about 7%. We expect Conferences revenue of at least $580 million, which is FX-neutral growth of about 15%. We expect Consulting revenue of at least $535 million, which is a growth of about 5% FX-neutral. The result is an outlook for consolidated revenue of at least $6.225 billion, which is FX-neutral growth of 6%. We now expect full year EBITDA of at least $1.52 billion, up $60 million from our prior guidance. We expect 2024 adjusted EPS of at least $11.75. For 2024, we expect free cash flow of at least $1.35 billion. The increase from prior guidance reflects several items. First, improved operating performance; second, the insurance-related proceeds we received in August, net of estimated taxes; and third, a nonrecurring payment related to our ongoing real estate planning. The guidance reflects a conversion from GAAP net income of 126%. Our guidance is based on 78 million fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding, which reflects the repurchases made through the end of the third quarter. Our financial results through September have been ahead of our plan despite continuing global macro uncertainty. CV grew high single digits in the quarter, and we believe the first quarter of 2024 was the bottom for CV growth in this cycle. We repurchased more than $630 million of stock year-to-date through September and remain eager to return excess capital to our shareholders. We will continue to be price sensitive, opportunistic and disciplined. Looking out over the medium term, our financial model and expectations are unchanged. With 12% to 16% research CV growth, we will deliver double-digit revenue growth. With gross margin expansion, sales costs growing about in line with CV growth and G&A leverage, we will deliver modest EBITDA margin expansion over time. We can grow free cash flow at least as fast as EBITDA because of our modest CapEx needs and the benefits of our clients paying us upfront. And we'll continue to deploy our capital on share repurchases, which will lower the share count over time and on strategic value-enhancing tuck-in M&A. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler with Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey Meuler: Can you just comment on GTS enterprise leader, I guess, end market conditions or pipeline? Just trying to triangulate from what you're giving us on tech vendor getting better as well as the 9% enterprise function with GBS growing 11.6%. It looks like it might have decelerated a little bit. So just any help on pipeline and anything beyond macro sales capacity, et cetera.
Eugene Hall: Jeff, it's Gene. So in terms of pipeline, we have a robust pipeline for GTS enterprise leaders. We have a very strong value proposition. We're on the issues that people really care about it. So our pipeline link is very strong. There's -- from time to time, there's some reconfiguration that goes on in terms of our sales force and any results in a particular quarter are influenced by the particular SKU of renewals that quarter and other things, but we're kind of uncontracted with where we expected. And again, we have just a great pipeline for GTS users.
Jeffrey Meuler: Okay. And then on expenses, is 2024 expected to be a good baseline to expand modestly from over time for adjusted EBITDA margins? Or could there be, I guess, more of a headwind as growth investment gets fully reinstated with you reaccelerating sales headcount.
Craig Safian: So I think a couple of thoughts there. So one, '24 is a relatively good baseline from an operating expense perspective rolling forward. The only thing I would highlight is the growth in both GTS and GBS headcount that we're building into 2024 has been back-end loaded. And so obviously, we'll pay for that from a full year perspective next year. And then, as Gene mentioned in his prepared remarks, we intend to continue to grow our sales force to go after that huge untapped market opportunity into the future. So I think the way we sort of think about the OpEx base is where '24 is a relatively good baseline and safe for the back-end loading of our GTS and GBS headcount. And as we roll into 2025, we want to make sure that we continue to make those investments in GTS and GBS headcount and other key areas of the business to make sure that we drive strong retention rates, we drive productivity, and we drive sustained growth to the top line over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: I guess, at this point in the year, you're probably talking to a lot of clients on renewals. And so just wanted to hear if there's anything interesting that you're hearing from them about their '25 budgets and what your expectations are for the selling environment for next year?
Eugene Hall: Tony, we have renewals all year long. But if I look at what's going on right now and our client's '25 budgets, they're expecting a better year in '25 than in '24 right now, which, if that proceeds [indiscernible], that would be good for all of us. But right now, that's what we hear is that they're expecting '25 [indiscernible] better than '24.
Toni Kaplan: Great. And I was hoping you could give us an update on your sales force tenure. I know you've been working on a number of initiatives to retain and attract the best salespeople. Just wanted to hear how those initiatives are going and your retention relative to history? And are you where you want to be with regard to sales headcount? I know it's a continuous process, but just anything around the tenure and sales force attraction?
Eugene Hall: Yes. We have a fantastic value proposition for prospective salespeople as well as other associates for Gartner. So we have a very -- and if you think about -- when we hire people, we have on the order of 200 people apply for every job. And so we kind of get to pick from the best of the best in terms of who we hire, also because we have a very strong associate value proposition. Our associate turnover is very low. So our turnover has been lower, but the reason it's not [indiscernible] is because we're managing the bottom group to make sure that we're always upgrading our talent. And so again, we have a great associate value proposition that allows us to really attract great people. Our turnover is very low. It's in the range that we would like it to be in exactly. Any lower would be too low because we wouldn't be [indiscernible] enough performance management. And in terms of tenure, what that electric with is, our tenure has been slowly rising over time. And again, as Craig mentioned in his remarks, we accelerated higher -- and I mentioned as well, we've accelerated our investment so that puts some newer people in the sales force, but overall tenure has been rising.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Lakrits with Goldman Sachs.
Keen Fai Tong: This is George Tong with Goldman. I guess with respect to tech vendor contract value, you mentioned that it's turned the corner and continues to accelerate. Can you talk about where the growth is currently now? And when you would expect the CV growth with tech vendors to more meaningfully improve in performance given prevailing trends?
Eugene Hall: So George, with tech vendor, what's going on is that with our new business, and in fact, Craig and I mentioned this, new business to tech vendors actually has rebounded pretty nicely, but we still have some tech vendors that are particularly small tech vendors that are financially challenged. They aren't doing that well and they can't get [indiscernible]. They may have a contract that's still in force. They may actually renew, but they're renewing at lower rates. And so what's dragging our growth down in our tech business right now is the fact that we have particularly very small vendors that can't get funding, but have contracts with us, could be 1-, 2- or even a 3-year contract that's coming up for renewal. And those are renewed at lower rates than we've seen historically. Eventually, that will go through. But again, I think a very positive sign is that our new business, our sales, both to existing clients and new logos for tech vendors has rebounded nicely and it's more in the range of historical levels.
Keen Fai Tong: Got it. That's helpful. And then with the consulting business, you mentioned the contract optimization piece at tough comps and growth can sometimes be variable. Can you talk a little bit more about the trends that drive this business and what you're seeing with the trends there or overall trends improving? And what would you expect going forward to be the key driver of performance with this part of the consulting business?
Eugene Hall: So in that business, we have a very strong value proposition, which is we help clients get better deals in terms of both pricing and terms on very large contracts. So if we have a client that's going to a very large CRM system or something like that, and they're spending -- the contracts there could be $50 million, $100 million, $500 million in terms of that we're helping clients get better deals on. So it's very strong value proposition. And our track record in helping the clients is very strong there. And so that's kind of the fundamentals of the business. Having said that, the business you can imagine, if you're doing $100 million deals, it's lumpy. It's not -- they don't all come in exactly on a week or something like that. It depends on what the clients' needs are, and also negotiations could take time. The actual client budget could change, they could decide they want to accelerate or push it off for 6 months. But it's more -- what drives that business is, first, our very strong value proposition. But then when we realize that value is very variable depending on -- we get paid when the clients actually signed the deal and so depending on the skew of how big the deals are and when they get signed is why our -- we have the very build in that business. So last year, it happened that there were an unusually large -- extremely large number of those kinds of deals in Q3. We had a great Q3, but it wasn't quite as strong as it was last year in that business. And it's just a matter of the kind of variability that I just went through.
Craig Safian: And George, as order of magnitude, last year, reported growth rate in Q3 was 98%. So it was -- definitely meets the definition in my mind of very tough compare. And I think over the short term, medium term and long term, we expect this business to grow in line with our consulting medium-term objective as well. But from a quarter-to-quarter basis, as Gene outlined, and for all the reasons he Gene outlined, it can be very variable quarter to quarter to quarter. But it's a great business because it delivers a very strong value proposition for our clients.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Nicholas with William Blair.
Unknown Analyst: This is Tom Rush on for Angie Nicolas. I wanted to focus on new business growth in the quarter across GTS and GBS. And I was wondering if you could unpack the underlying drivers there?
Craig Safian: Yes. So Tom, as we say, the GBS new business growth was 10% year-over-year. So really good solid double-digit growth. And as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, pretty broad-based performance across all the GBS practices. On the GTS side, year-over-year new business growth was 8%. And again, strong high single-digit year-over-year growth. And again, it's sort of broad-based across the bulk of GTS. I think when we think about the drivers, it sort of goes back to the strength of the value proposition of our research offerings and making sure that our sellers are generating enough opportunities within the pipeline and then are leveraging all of our best practices to work those things through the pipeline and convert into sales. And we -- that's sort of the strategy, and we continue to turn the crank on that. I wouldn't say there's any big external driver or a demand driver or anything like that other than the value proposition continues to remain incredibly strong in the end markets that we serve.
Unknown Analyst: Great. And then for my follow-up, I wanted to drill down on client spending more broadly in the quarter and just see how it trended relative to your expectations? And then any color you can add on [indiscernible] the fourth quarter?
Craig Safian: Again, I wouldn't say we saw anything different from a client spending or an end market perspective. As both Gene and I mentioned earlier, the world continues to be a pretty complex and dynamic place, and we are working our way through that. Gene highlighted some of the the big topics that a lot of our clients are very focused on, but it's not exclusively those. The clients we serve have lots and lots and lots of challenges. And obviously, Gartner is a great way to address those challenges and improve operational performance for the executives that we support. So I think there's no big change from a client spending perspective or any external trend like that, more of the same. We're just focused on making sure that we're delivering value and continuing [indiscernible].
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Chan with UBS.
Joshua Chan: So last quarter, you suggested that the Q1 CV would be the bottom, but that the path of recovery may be uneven. I guess maybe taking a step back, what did you see that caused you to make that uneven comment? And as we stand here in Q3, what do you think about the pace going into Q4 in terms of CV?
Eugene Hall: So Josh, the -- if you look at our contract value, in any given quarter, there are certain set of renewals that come up. It varies from quarter-to-quarter. And if there's more renewals in a quarter than another or 1 slips a quarter, that's kind of what's responsible for kind of the quarter-to-quarter variation, which is why we have said the path to accelerating our growth isn't going to be necessarily the exact straight line. And so you just see the normal variation in terms of what renewals. A new business deal may get pushed in another quarter. Again, if you add these up with big deals, it actually is what is responsible for that. But overall, again, we have a very strong value proposition. We see great demand from our clients on the issues you'd expect, so like cybersecurity, how do they use artificial intelligence, data and analytics, cost optimization is always popular, and again, it's a rocky macroeconomic situation right now. And so contract optimization continues to be something very important to many of our clients. And so the kind of strong value post is the same. It's just kind of the specifics of what happens each quarter, it caused us a little variability.
Craig Safian: And Josh, just to put it in sort of quick terms, with a roughly $5 billion base, a $3.5 million change in a quarter could be a 10-basis-point or at least reported around the 10-basis-point change. And so again, recognizing that the world is a very complex and dynamic place, deals may push, may come in early, et cetera, et cetera, and all the things Gene just highlighted, that's why we guided that it may not be a straight line from a trend perspective, it can be a little bit rocky. But again, we're talking about potentially as small as swings as $3.5 million could drive a 10-basis-point bump 1 way or the other.
Joshua Chan: That's right. That's definitely understandable. And then maybe on GBS CV, I guess, that's still a very healthy level, but it continues to step down a little bit sequentially. Could you talk about what you expect there? Or what's going on in terms of GBS CV? And I don't know if sales and marketing practices have anything to do with that, but some comment on the trajectory there would be helpful.
Eugene Hall: Let me spend just on GBS CV. GBS CV, you can think about it at a very high level, there's 2 groups. There's kind of new products that we've introduced that we refer to as GxL and then some of our legacy products that we inherited primarily from CEB. And we still have still a lot of CV there. And if you look at the new products that we've introduced, the GxL products, they're actually growing above our 12% to 16%. They continue to grow above our 12% to 16% medium-term growth range. And so the deceleration is really in some of the legacy products. As the economy has gotten a little rougher, those that renewal that are renewing at somewhat lower rates than they've done historically. And that's kind of the biggest factor that's impacting the GBS growth rate. So the GBS kind of new business is extremely healthy, doing extremely well. And of course, we're managing the legacy products, but they're less attractive than they were. Each year, they get a little less attractive. So that's kind of the biggest drag that we have on GBS.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy: So you mentioned a few times that you're helping clients implement AI in the right places. I know historically, you've talked about AI sort of not being a big driver of CV growth generally. I'm curious if now that we're further along the AI journey, if you think that could be a more significant contributor to overall new business as we look ahead to '25 and beyond?
Eugene Hall: Great question. So we -- our clients always expect us to be helping with the most important issues they have. And so at one point in time, a few years ago, it might have been cloud computing. And so if you look today, the issues that are really cost are the ones I mentioned earlier, which is clients are wrestling with how do we use AI. They're wrestling with how do we maintain tight cybersecurity. The rest of it, how do we maintain and access all of our data, all the data and analytics that every business needs to use today, and like the cost optimization. And that's true across all the functions in the business. In addition, there's kind of the geopolitical factors that are making organizational changes that we help people with. And so the one thing our business is we're always in kind of the issues that are most important to clients. Those histories change over time, so it doesn't mean, for example, if there's a new issue that now AI is more important to cloud. It means that all of a sudden, we get a huge demand, we've been helping them all along with the most important issues. And so on the margin, it helps, of course, but it's a whole range of issues. And we always run the most important at the time.
Faiza Alwy: Great. That's helpful. And then I was curious, as we think about revenues into 2025, I know we're still waiting on 4Q CV, and that will be a big driver, but curious if there's any sort of early read on 2025, maybe you can share some thoughts on research and nonsubscription revenue, where we saw some declines. Do you expect that business to grow? And maybe just additional color on -- in response to Toni's question around acceleration in CV next year?
Craig Safian: So I think we'll obviously provide a full view on 2025 guidance in February as is our normal practice. You're right in highlighting that the biggest driver of 2025 revenue is where CV and CV growth finishes in 2024. And we've got -- we're 1 month through the fourth quarter, and there's still a lot of deals that we are working. It's a very, very, very large quarter for us. And so where the dust settles on that will be the biggest driver around 2025. And then -- around 2025 revenue, I should say, more specifically. And then as we think about the business, we continue to believe and have great conviction behind the fact that we will get both GTS and GBS back to 12% to 16% growth over the medium term, and we expect to accelerate to those points over time. 2025 is a part of that time for sure. but we'll provide full guidance around 2025 as we normally do. I
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Craig, maybe just a follow up on that. Can you just remind us how big the fourth quarter is in terms of the percentage of renewals and maybe sales that are typically weighted towards that quarter?
Craig Safian: The way to think about it and you kind of look back at historical numbers, we generate order of magnitude around half of our NCVI, which is the numerator for overall CV growth in the fourth quarter, and we generate order of magnitude about 40% of our annual new business in the fourth quarter. The one thing I would say is that we're not generally overloaded with renewals in the fourth quarter. Our teams do a really good job of when there's an opportunity to pull forward, we do that. And again, remember, we're also writing lots of multiyear deals when we sell them as well. But roughly 50% of NCVI happens in the fourth quarter, again, roughly, and about 40% of new business.
Manav Patnaik: It. That's helpful. And Gene, just on the hiring, the quota-bearing headcount strategy, you talked about better budget expectations in talking to your customers. The pipeline is robust. I think you said 200 applicants per job posting. Historically, I think you've always being in the camp of hiring aggressively even when things were costly ready for the rebound. So just curious why mid-single digits by year-end is the strategy today versus a bigger number to be ready for the rebound?
Eugene Hall: Manav, The reason that our hiring plans are based on what we think is where the market is, which we think is in a good place. That's why we're accelerating our hiring, but also it's based on our operational capability to make sure we bring on really good people and then we train and develop those people. And so it makes more sense for us to kind of accelerate that hiring as opposed to make a step change where I'm concerned about our operational ability to be as effective as we would be as compared to a kind of more streamline acceleration.
Operator: Out next question comes from the line of Surinder Thind with Jefferies LLC.
Surinder Thind: Gene, just following up on the last question there. As you structurally think about the sales force and the size of the sales force, just any color on the potential impact on longer-term metrics, maybe around how you're viewing productivity the number of clients that maybe each salesperson can handle. Does AI change any of that? Or do you have any data points as you think about structurally, not this year or next year, but as we maybe think a little bit longer term about the sales force?
Eugene Hall: Yes. I mentioned in my comments that we have some prototypes that we're using that are very promising. I think it's too early to say what the long-term productivity impact will be. I think it will be positive, but whether it's 2% or 5% or whatever, I couldn't really say right now. I know our associates like it and it's working really well. We'll see over time as we realize what the real benefit is. It's not going to be like a [ 50 ]. I don't expect it's going to be like a 50% improvement in productivity or something like that. It will be modest improvements over a period of time.
Surinder Thind: Got it. And then in terms of the GBS side, I think you mentioned there are some areas where you're seeing some strength, such as finance, legal, HR, those kinds of areas. But then you also talked about maybe some more tepid demand on the sales and marketing side. Just any additional color there? Is that just kind of the maladies that we're seeing in terms of end client demand and the hiring in that area at the clients themselves? Or how should we think about the headwinds that we're seeing there in the near term?
Eugene Hall: So in marketing and sales, there's a couple of things [indiscernible]. First, there's an overweight for tech. And so while most of GBS split kind of with GDP, it turns out that in marketing sales were a little overweighted on the tech side is so they're being impacted by the tech piece in a way that the world GBS isn't. Second piece is there's actually -- relative to the amount of CD, there's a relatively high amount of legacy CV that I talked about earlier, where the new products are doing much -- doing quite well, but the legacy CV isn't doing as well. There's a higher proportion of legacy CV in the marketing sales piece. And the last piece is that, with marketing in particular, but sales to an extent, when economic times are tough, there's a lot more [indiscernible] on hiring in marketing and marketing spending than we are in some areas of the business. So all those things are coming together and make it more challenging in that [indiscernible]. It's still doing very well. So I wouldn't take away that it's shrinking or not doing well. We're actually happy with where it's going, but it does have those challenges that some of the other practices don't have as much of.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.
Jeffrey Silber: Wonder if we can get some comments on the renewal process in terms of pricing, what types of price increases you've been able to get through and what we should be expecting for next year as well?
Craig Safian: Jeff, thanks for that question. From a renewal perspective and from a pricing perspective, as you know, our #1 strategy there is to make sure that, at a minimum, we are offsetting our projected wage inflation with our price increases. And our -- the majority of our price action actually happens in November 1. And again, we we took up our pricing a little less than 4% this year to sort of match how we were thinking about wage inflation rolling into 2025. Generally speaking, we've ranged between 3% and 4% price increases for 15-plus years, save for a few exceptional years where there was higher wage inflation or lower, but most recently, higher weight inflation when we had to be a little bit more aggressive on pricing. But things have settled down a bit now. And so rolling into 2025, we're shade under 4% in terms of the structural price increase.
Jeffrey Silber: Okay. That's really helpful. If I could shift gears to consulting, you saw a decrease in gross margins on a year-over-year basis. Does that have anything to do with the mix shift away from the big contract optimization quarter you had last year? Or is there something else going on that we should be aware of?
Craig Safian: Yes. The biggest thing there is what you highlighted, Jeff. Those deals are profitable for us. And we had a huge quarter in the year ago quarter, as we talked about. We had a very strong quarter this quarter, but down. And that's the biggest driver on the consulting contribution margin.
Operator: our next question comes from the line of Jason Haas with Wells Fargo.
Jason Haas: I'm curious if you could talk about what you're expecting for non-subscription revenue this year. In the last call, you talked about $305 million. And I think there were some comments on this call that it would be similar [indiscernible] that's still the expectation. And the reason I ask is because it does seem to imply pretty substantial decline in 4Q, but the compares do get a lot easier. So I'm just curious if I have that right. And then maybe how you're thinking about that nonsubscription revenue going forward?
Craig Safian: Jason, thank you for that question. On the nonsub side, we are still expecting about $305 million for that revenue for 2024. So unchanged from our perspective last quarter. You're right, the math does imply a pretty significant year-over-year decrease, a little bit more than what we've been seeing. But again, we delivered on roughly our expectation in the third quarter and so the full year was basically unchanged.
Jason Haas: Got it. That's helpful. And then I'm not sure if you could talk about expectations if that -- if we'll continue to see declines into next year? And I also want to have a follow-up question on just the time it takes for your sales force to ramp up. So I recognize you'll be growing quarter-bearing headcount by year-end mid- to high single digits. How long does it take those folks to get ramped up to a more normal level of productivity?
Craig Safian: Yes, sure. I'll cover the 2025 expectations will be very short. And then Gene can talk about the the sales force ramp up. So again, as is our practice, we'll provide full guidance on everything in February. And so we're not in a position where we're talking about 2025 yet. There's still a lot to go in 2024, which obviously influences how we're going to set our plans and targets for 2025 and then, Gene, on sales force ramp.
Eugene Hall: Yes. In terms of sales force productivity, ramp, it takes 3 years for a salesperson to get from -- to full productivity. So the people we're hiring now will get to full productivity 3 years from now. So this is an investment not just for 2025, but for '26 and '27 as well. And we've seen that pretty consistently over time. We're very focused on moving that productivity earlier so that it doesn't take 3 years or at least we get more of that productivity early on. And so a bunch of things I talked about like the apprenticeship program, the training, et cetera, the tools that we're giving our -- equipping our sales force with are designed to get our new salespeople up that brand faster. But currently takes about 3 years digital productivity.
Operator: And I'm currently showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Gene Hall for closing remarks.
Eugene Hall: So here's what I'd like you take away from today's call. Gartner delivered financial results ahead of expectations. We delivered 9% contract value growth of enterprise function leaders. Tech vendor seating growth has turned the corner and continues to accelerate. We have a vast addressable market opportunity with a strong and compelling client value proposition. Looking ahead, we're well positioned to drive sustained double-digit revenue growth over the long term. We'll continue to create value for our shareholders by providing actual objective impacts for our clients, prudently invested for future growth, gunning free cash flow well in excess of net income and returning capital to our shareholders through our share repurchase program. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-30 08:00:00) =====
David Cohen: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. I'm David Cohen, SVP of Investor Relations. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After comments by Gene Hall, Gartner's Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Gartner's Chief Financial Officer, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. This call will include a discussion of second quarter 2024 financial results and Gartner's outlook for 2024 is disclosed in today's earnings release and earnings supplement, both posted to our website, investor.gartner.com. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA for adjusted EBITDA, with the adjustments as described in our earnings release and supplement, our contract values and associated growth rates discussed are based on 2024 foreign exchange rates. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX neutral, unless stated otherwise. All references to share counts are for fully diluted weighted average share counts as stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the Company's 2023 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now, I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. Gartner remains resilient in a complex environment. In Q2, contract value grew high-single digits. Financial results for the second quarter were ahead of expectations, and we delivered strong profitability and free cash flow. The external environment remains volatile uncertain, complex and ambiguous. Leaders across every enterprise faced more simultaneous challenges than ever before. For example, small technology companies continue to face funding challenges. Supply chain shifts are impacting many industries. The banking industry continues to deal with higher interest rates. There are budget challenges in the public sector, persistent several threats, the potential impacts of generative AI. The list goes on. Enterprise leaders and their teams know they need help, and they know Gartner is the best source for the actionable objective insight, they need to drive smarter decisions and achieve stronger performance on their mission-critical priorities. Our value proposition helps our clients to save time, save money, gain confidence, manage risk, develop leadership skills, enhance their teams and achieve success. Research continues to be our largest and most profitable segment. Our search business serves leaders across all of enterprise functions in every industry and in every geography. Our market opportunity is vast. Within our research business, contract value with enterprise function leaders grew 10%, and our tech vendor clients returned to growth. We continue to guide clients through a wide range of topics, including generative AI, supply chain optimization, leader and manager development, cost optimization, cybersecurity and the recent CrowdStrike outage. Through relentless execution of proven practices, we deliver unparalleled value, whether our clients are thriving, struggling, anywhere in between. Our research business serves executives and their teams through distinct sales channels. Global Technology Sales, or GTS, serves leaders and their teams within IT. GTS new business grew 8%. Contract value grew 6%. Contract value with GTS enterprise function leaders grew high single digits. Global Business Sales, or GBS, serves leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, lean, legal, sales and more. GBS new business grew 16%. GBS contract value grew 12%. Gartner Conferences deliver extraordinarily valuable insights to an engaged and qualified audience. Revenue grew 11% in the second quarter, and the outlook for conferences remains strong. Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research. Consulting helps clients execute their most strategic initiatives through deeper project-based work. Consulting is an important complement to our IT research business. Consulting revenue grew 15%. People are at the heart of everything we do. We get better, faster, stronger every year because we work effectively as one team to deliver unparalleled value to our clients. And our teams are committed to driving relentless execution of the best practices that will fuel long-term sustained double-digit growth. In closing, Gartner delivered financial results ahead of expectations. We delivered 10% contract value growth with enterprise function leaders. Our client value proposition and addressable market opportunity will allow us to drive long-term sustained double-digit revenue growth. We'll continue to create value for our shareholders by providing actionable objective insight to our clients, prudently investing for future growth and returning capital to our shareholders through our share repurchase program. We expect to deliver modest margin expansion over time, and we'll continue to generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income. All of this and more positions us to continue our sustained track record of success far into the future. With that, I'll hand the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian.
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene, and good morning. Second quarter contract value grew 7% year-over-year, accelerating about 50 basis points from Q1. We believe the first quarter marked the bottom for CV growth this cycle, barring a meaningful shift in the macro or geopolitical environment. Growth may vary from quarter-to-quarter, but we expect the overall trend will be higher from the 6.9% we delivered in the first quarter. Over the medium term, we expect both GTS and GBS to grow 12% to 16%. Second quarter revenue, EBITDA and EPS all came in ahead of our expectations. We are updating our guidance based on the Q2 results, FX and a change in non-subscription research revenue. We have repurchased $565 million of stock through June and remain eager to buy back stock opportunistically. Second quarter revenue was $1.6 billion, up 6% year-over-year as reported and 7% FX neutral. In addition, total contribution margin was 68%, about in line with last year. EBITDA was $416 million, up 8% as reported and 10% FX neutral versus second quarter 2023. Adjusted EPS was $3.22, up 13% from Q2 of last year, and free cash flow was $341 million. Research revenue in the second quarter grew 5% year-over-year as reported and 6% on an FX-neutral basis. Subscription revenue grew 7% FX neutral. The year-over-year change in non-subscription revenue was similar to Q1 2024. Second quarter research contribution margin was 74%, consistent with last year. Contract value was $4.9 billion at the end of the second quarter, up 7% versus the prior year and up about $67 million from the first quarter. CV from enterprise function leaders across GTS and GBS grew 10%. Contract value and CV growth are FX neutral. CV growth was broad-based across practices, industry sectors, company sizes and geographic regions. Across our combined practices, the majority of industry sectors grew at double-digit or high single-digit rates led by the energy, manufacturing and public sectors. CV grew double-digit or high single-digit rates across all enterprise sizes, except small, which has the largest tech vendor mix. We also drove double-digit or high single-digit growth in the majority of our top 10 countries. Global Technology Sales contract value was $3.8 billion at the end of the second quarter, up 6% versus the prior year. GTS enterprise leader CV increased high single digits. Tech vendor CV returned to growth in the quarter. GTS CV increased $40 million from the first quarter. While retention for GTS was 101% for the quarter, up from Q1, enterprise leader wallet retention was consistent with historical levels. GTS new business was up 8% compared to last year. GTS quota-bearing head count was down 2% year-over-year as we manage tech vendor-focused sales territories in response to near-term industry dynamics. Across GTS, we continue to aggressively optimize our territories to align with where we have the best growth opportunities, and we are investing for future growth. We continue to expect mid-single-digit QBH growth by the end of the year. We have the headcount we need to meet commitments for this year. Our regular full set of GTS metrics can be found in our earnings supplement. Global Business Sales contract value was $1.1 billion at the end of the second quarter, up 12% year-over-year. All of our GBS practices grew at double-digit or high single-digit rates other than marketing, which grew mid-single digits. Growth was led by the finance, legal and supply chain practices. GBS CV increased $27 million from the first quarter. Wallet retention for GBS was 106% for the quarter, which compares to 109% in the prior year. GBS new business was up 16% compared to last year. GBS quota-bearing head count was up 6% year-over-year, and we continue to target high single-digit growth for 2024. As with GTS, a regular full set of GBS metrics can be found in our earnings supplement. Conferences revenue for the second quarter was $186 million, increasing 10% as reported and 11% FX neutral compared to Q2 of 2023. Adjusting for the movement of conferences across the year, revenue increased about 15% in the quarter. Contribution margin was 58%. Q2 is our seasonally strongest margin quarter of the year. We held 16 destination conferences. Second quarter consulting revenue increased by 13% year-over-year to $143 million. On an FX-neutral basis, revenue was up 15%. Consulting contribution margin was 38% in the second quarter. Labor-based revenue was $107 million, up 3% versus Q2 of last year's reported and 5% on an FX-neutral basis. Backlog at June 30 was $199 million, increasing 16% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis with continued booking strength. In contract optimization, we delivered $36 million of revenue in the quarter, up 62% versus the prior year. Our contract optimization business is highly variable. Consolidated cost of services increased 5% year-over-year in the second quarter as reported and 6% on an FX-neutral basis. The biggest driver of the increase was higher compensation costs. SG&A increased 5% year-over-year in the second quarter as reported and on a FX-neutral basis. SG&A increased in the quarter as a result of headcount growth, which contributed to higher compensation costs. EBITDA for the second quarter was $416 million, up 8% from last year's reported and up 10% FX neutral. We have performed in the second quarter through effective expense management and a prudent approach to guidance. Depreciation in the quarter of $28 million was up 16% compared to 2023. Net interest expense, excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter, was $19 million. This is favorable by $4 million versus second quarter of 2023 due to higher interest income on our cash balances. The modest floating rate that we have is fully hedged through the third quarter of 2025. The Q2 adjusted tax rate, which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income, was 24% for the quarter. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was 25% for the quarter. Adjusted EPS in Q2 was $3.22, up 13% compared with last year. We had 78 million shares outstanding in the second quarter. This is a reduction of more than 1.5 million shares or about 2% year-over-year. We exited the second quarter with about 78 million shares on an unweighted basis. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $370 million compared with $436 million in Q2 of 2023. The change reflects working capital timing, which we expect to reverse in the second half. CapEx for the quarter was $29 million, in line with our expectations. Free cash flow for the quarter was $341 million. Free cash flow on a rolling four-quarter basis was 17% of revenue and 66% of EBITDA. Free cash flow conversion from GAAP net income was 121%. Our free cash flow conversion is generally higher when CV growth is accelerating. At the end of the second quarter, we had about $1.2 billion of cash. Our June 30 debt balance was about $2.5 billion. Our reported gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA was under 2x. Our expected free cash flow generation, available revolver and excess cash remaining on the balance sheet provide ample liquidity to deliver on our capital allocation strategy of share repurchases and strategic tuck-in M&A. Our balance sheet is very strong with $1.9 billion of liquidity, low levels of leverage and effectively fixed interest rates. We repurchased $340 million of our stock during the second quarter. We have more than $1 billion of repurchase capacity after the Board recently increased our share buyback authorization by $600 million. As we continue to repurchase shares, our capital base will shrink. Over time, this is accretive to earnings per share and combined with growing profits, also delivers increasing returns on invested capital. We are updating our full year guidance to reflect recent performance and trends. The outlook for subscription research is higher based on the latest FX rates. We increased the outlook for conferences and consulting. And our EBITDA guidance primarily reflects Q2 upside, partially offset by our updated non-subscription research outlook. For subscription research, which was about 76% of revenue in 2023, we continue to innovate and provide a very compelling value proposition for clients and prospects. The executive and their teams face uncertainty and challenges, and they recognize how Gartner can help regardless of the economic environment. For subscription research revenue, based on Q2 results and our outlook for the balance of the year, our FX-neutral guidance is unchanged. We have very high visibility into the subscription research revenue at this point in the year. For non-subscription research, which was about 6% of 2023 revenue, we help small businesses find the right software. We've updated our outlook for this portion of the segment given the most recent trends. We now expect non-subscription revenue of about $305 million for 2024. As a reminder, about 1/3 of our revenue and operating expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Based on recent FX rates, we expect currency to be roughly neutral in the back half of the year with a modest benefit in Q4. Our updated 2024 guidance is as follows. We expect research revenue of at least $5.105 billion, which is FX-neutral growth of about 5%. This reflects subscription research revenue growth of about 7%. We expect conferences revenue of at least $565 million, which is FX-neutral growth of about 12%. We expect consulting revenue of at least $530 million, which is growth of about 4% FX neutral. The result is an outlook for consolidated revenue of at least $6.2 billion, which is FX-neutral growth of 5%. We now expect full year EBITDA of at least $1.460 billion, up $5 million from our prior guidance. We expect 2024 adjusted EPS of at least $11.05. For 2024, we expect free cash flow of at least $1.08 billion, consistent with our prior guidance. This reflects the conversion from GAAP net income of 138%. After the second quarter ended, we reached the settlement related to pandemic or event cancellation insurance. We expect pretax proceeds of $300 million during the third quarter. This is not yet included in the cash flow or GAAP EPS guidance. Our guidance is based on 78 million fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding, which reflects the repurchases made through the end of June. And finally, for the third quarter, we expect adjusted EBITDA of at least $295 million. Our financial results through the first half have been ahead of our plan despite continuing global macro uncertainty. CV grew high single digits in the quarter, and we believe Q1 was the bottom for CV growth in this cycle. We repurchased $565 million in stock year-to-date through June and remain eager to return excess capital to our shareholders. We will continue to be price sensitive, opportunistic and disciplined. Looking out over the medium term, our financial model and expectations are unchanged. With 12% to 16% research CV growth, we've delivered double-digit revenue growth. With gross margin expansion, sales costs growing about in line with CV growth and G&A leverage, we will deliver modest EBITDA margin expansion over time. We can grow free cash flow at least as fast as EBITDA because of our modest CapEx needs and the benefits of our clients paying us upfront. And we'll continue to deploy our capital on share repurchases, which will lower the share count over time, and on strategic value-enhancing tuck-in M&A. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And it's from the line of Jeff Meuler with Baird. Please proceed.
Jeff Meuler: When youve kind of reiterated that you think Q1 marked the bottom for CV growth with the macro and geopolitical caveats, you said growth may vary quarter-to-quarter. Just want to, I guess, zooming on what you're trying to signal there. Is that just an acknowledgment of, I guess, the volatile end market environment? Or are you expecting that you expect deceleration at some point in the near future because of like a known year-over-year comp issue or anything else that you're seeing?
Craig Safian: So, I'd say it's definitely more about the fact that operating in a very volatile operating environment and 10 basis points up or down is a relatively simple amount of CV in any given quarter. I think the core message is 6.9 marks the bottom, and we should be above that in every quarter moving forward, it could bounce around a little bit, and ultimately, our medium-term objective is to get both GTS and GBS back to 12% to 16% annual growth rates.
Jeff Meuler: Got it. And then on the building headcount from here, I guess, the tech vendor territory, I don't know exactly the phrase you use, but I don't know if it's just dynamic territory planning. But was that something that you recently kind of like kicked into gear? Or was that an ongoing dynamic? Just not sure what you're trying to signal there. And is it reassigning salespeople or just managing those territories through attrition?
Gene Hall: Jeff, it's Gene. So, we do, do what we call dynamic territory planning, which is we look at every territory, literally every territory each week to see what the productivity has been and what the kind of trend is. And then what we do is as we have turnover, is one sales proceeds and of course, we have low turnover, we do have people leave every quarter. We look at where is the most productive place with those territories. So, I'll give you just an extreme example. And we used to have salespeople in Russia. We decided, obviously, we weren't going to sell in Russia back when the invasion happened. So, we fill those are territories that are we look at most productive. In a more recent example, if you look at the small tech vendor market, there are sets of small tech venders that used to be able to get funding than in today can't get funding versus others like for especially those in AI that cant. And so, what we do is literally on a weekly basis, say, okay, but these people believe that we're selling to tech companies that are not going to get funding, let's take those territories and move them over to places where in fact like AI based where they are getting funding. So, we're doing this on a constant basis to make sure our salespeople are always deployed in the most productive territories. We do it with turnover. And again, we have cases where it's clear that they're not going to recover in short term, we'll do it more proactively than that, too. We'll say, we'll actually close those territories down and move like either those people or that headcount to more productive areas.
Craig Safian: And then just sort of pulling the thread all the way through, we are targeting, even with all that dynamic territory planning, mid-single-digit QBH growth for GTS by the end of the year and high single-digit QBH growth for GBS by the end of the year. And again, implicit in all that are all the things, Gene talked about, that's been our normal operating procedure for the last four or five years now. It's an innovation we put in place in 2019. And again, it doesn't allow us to perfectly match, but it gives us a better chance of making sure that the resources that we're investing in are actually going against the best short-term, medium-term and long-term opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Toni Kaplan: I wanted to focus on the research revenue guide. It seems like you lowered it because of the non-subs business. I know tech vendor actually returned to growth on the subscription side, but the non-subs piece, I think still is -- seems to be declining. I guess, was it because -- your guide down, was it because non-subs was worse than you originally thought? Or is just the trajectory not going to be as quick as you were thinking? Just maybe help us through the trajectory on the non-subs piece.
Craig Safian: Yes, sure, Toni. I mean, the first thing I'd say is that the entire operational change relates to the non-sub piece, the subscription revenue piece of the overall research revenue. I mean, it's up a little bit from foreign exchange. But from an operational perspective, the guidance is essentially unchanged from last quarter. And again, as we talked about last quarter, we believe that the bottom was going to be either Q1 or Q2. And so, we had a strong, solid Q2 of NCVI and CV growth dialed into our outlook. And so, everything, all the change relates to non-subscription business.
Toni Kaplan: Great. And then, the cash balance is pretty high, below leverage. You added capacity to the buyback program. Maybe just give us an update on like what conditions could we look for to sort of for you to be buying back more stock? I know you already do, but just sort of elevate that level.
Craig Safian: Yes, sure. So, our basic philosophy on buybacks is to be price sensitive, opportunistic and disciplined. And I'd underscore each of those [indiscernible] they're all sort of important in influencing our philosophy on buybacks. What I'd also say, obviously, you know this, and most people on the call know this, we've returned a lot of capital since 2021 back to our shareholders. We're close to what we did full year '23 through the first half of '24. And it's our free capital or operating cash flow and buybacks are pretty close on top of each other through the first six months of the year. And so, we're going to continue to be price sensitive, opportunistic and disciplined, but we want to make sure that we are driving incremental shareholder value by leveraging our free cash flow and our balance sheet. And so, we look at strategic value-enhancing tuck-in M&A. And in absence of that, buybacks, the bias over the last several years has been buybacks. And I would presume that moving forward, we would be more focused on buybacks going forward. So, you're right, we have cash. We have capacity. We did a pretty good job through the first six months of the year, and we'll continue to make sure that we're driving incremental shareholder value by leveraging our balance sheet and free cash flow.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Nicholas with William Blair. Please proceed.
Andrew Nicholas: I wanted to first focus on new business growth, seemingly stepped up pretty nicely relative to the first quarter. Can you unpack that a little bit? I know at least in GTS, some of that might be some easier comps. But are you seeing better productivity from your sales force? Is there any change to the selling environment? Any color there would be great.
Gene Hall: Andrew, it's Gene. So, what I'd say is the selling environment are pretty much the same. But I do think we're focused on improving the productivity of our teams. And as you know, we're always taking actions to be add to respond to changes in the world. I think that's really the impact we see. It's not that the environment got better in any way, really.
Andrew Nicholas: Understood. And then, I'm looking at the contract value per client enterprise, and it continues to tick up nicely. Just wanted to confirm my hunch that that's the result of maybe losing some smaller tech vendor clients more so than doing a bunch of more seats into the larger enterprises. But any confirmation there or color on that metric and how you'd expect it to evolve as you have now seen the trough of CV growth.
Gene Hall: So, Andrew, I'll get started. Craig can finish. Basically, the -- our basic strategy with clients is when we sell a client, that's not the end. There's plenty of opportunity to sell more seats to those clients over time. And so, one core part of our selling strategy is to keep selling additional business, additional licensed users to clients that sell them. The other part of our strategy is, of course, to sell new logos as well. And so, because that's one factor that you see there is that actually -- and we've always had this as our strategy, which is always keep growing existing clients as well as new clients.
Craig Safian: And Andrew, I would just add. If you look at wallet retention being over 100%, that is baked in what Gene just talked about in terms of once we have a client, we then expand our relationship with them each and every year, and we've been doing that for years, and we intend to continue to do that going forward. And there is a little bit of increased churn on the small end that you highlighted, which is also helping modestly, but helping that overall CV per enterprise figure as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heather Balsky with Bank of America Securities. Please proceed.
Heather Balsky: I was hoping to talk about your medium-term outlook and your getting back to that low teens growth number. In the context of the environment right now, the selling environment, how are you thinking about the time it could take you to get back there? And also going back to your comments on the third quarter call '23, where you expected tech better return to normal growth in 12 to 18 months. Is that still on the table right now? Or do you think things have changed?
Craig Safian: Heather, thank you. In terms of the medium-term outlook, it is our goal. And again, we do need a stable, I won't say a great operating environment, but a stable operating environment. I'd argue we're doing really well in a very volatile operating environment globally, probably more volatile than that. We'd all like to see, quite honestly, but we're continuing to do well. GBS is growing in that medium-term guidance range today. The end-user portion or the enterprise leader portion of GTS is growing at high single-digit growth rates. And obviously, we want to get that back up into the 12% to 16% range. And then on the tech vendor side, what I would say is small tech continues to be a super challenging operating environment. We were pleased to see the overall tech vendor business return to growth in this quarter from last quarter, but it is still super challenging, particularly on the lower end of the tech vendor market.
Heather Balsky: Okay. That's helpful. And as a follow-up, the business tends to see consistent sequential trends in terms of CVs. Just if you look back historically, when you think about the back half of the year, is there any reason that you would deviate in any way from the sort of sequential cadence that you typically see, generally, not like the exact number, but the trend?
Craig Safian: Generally, no. So, our selling motion, our conference calendar, things like that, which are a big piece of what drives the typical phasing, are pretty stable. So no, I would expect us to follow the similar trends to what we've seen. Obviously, we called out Q1 of this year earlier because it was a little off trend. But I think back half of the year should look like a normal back half of the year for us from that perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Chan with UBS. Please proceed.
Josh Chan: If I look at the CV growth, so GTS obviously reaccelerated nicely as you had predicted. How do you think about the shape of GBS as that's been kind of moderating slowly perhaps because of the macro. How do you envision GBS trending from here?
Gene Hall: So GBS, first, we grew 12% in the quarter, which we think is really good. The second thing is GBS has a tremendous market opportunity. We are aligned to go capture that opportunity over time. CV is going bounce around a little bit quarter-to-quarter, but huge market opportunities there, and we're prepared to go get it.
Craig Safian: And again, the medium-term objective for that business is 12% to 16% growth, and we continue to believe that the GBS business and the GTS business can both deliver 12% to 16% CV growth.
Josh Chan: Okay. Great. And then if I can ask a question on margin. I guess the ingredients that led to the slight year-over-year EBITDA margin expansion in Q2, is there any reason that those ingredients wouldn't also hold into the second half?
Craig Safian: Thank you, Josh. Great question. So, the way to think about the second half again is sort of back to Heather's question a little bit, too, normal phasing from both a revenue perspective and from an operating expense perspective, coupled with continuing to make sure that we are investing for future growth. And again, we talked about mid-single-digit QBH growth for GTS and high single-digit QBH growth for GBS. So, making sure that those investments are dialed into the second half operating expense forecast and plans. The other thing I would note is that Q2 is our highest margin quarter for conferences. So, despite Q4 being the largest revenue quarter, Q2 is actually the highest margin quarter, which drives some of that benefit that you saw in the second quarter. But if you kind of run the math on revenue, normal OpEx phasing, given our conference calendar and also dialing in that incremental investment for the QBH growth, which again, as you know, it doesn't really benefit the results or top line results this year. Those are really investments for the future. That's how you can sort of reconcile from the Q2 EBITDA margins down to the second half EBITDA margins, which then give you that full year outlook of around 23.5%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed.
Brendan Popson: This is Brendan on for Manav. I just want to ask, there's been some, I guess, just reports on companies facing kind of like a Gen AI tech on their IT budgets just with the expense of some of the new technology. I was just curious if what you guys have seen related to that and kind of what your customers are saying? And any -- if there's any impacts from that? Obviously, it's also an opportunity as well, but just what you're seeing near term.
Gene Hall: Yes, it's a great question. So, Gen AI continues to be a topic of very, very high interest with all of our clients. If you look at kind of our enterprise function leaders as opposed to the tech companies, they're easing into the investments. The tech companies are [indiscernible]. The enterprise functional leader businesses are basically starting to invest and looking for the best use cases where they can get the highest return on Gen AI. I think people are still wrestling with what the right formula is there. It's great for us because it's a topic of very high interest. They're spending money on it, and it's important to them. And so, it's a place where we can really add a lot of value.
Brendan Popson: Okay. And then just following up. With the cash and leverage, you mentioned -- you always mentioned tuck-in M&A as a possibility. Just kind of give us an idea what, I guess, what kinds of tuck-in M&A you would consider?
Craig Safian: Brendan, it's Craig. So generally, we think about M&A from kind of three angles. One would be enhancing our research coverage in some area. So, it could be where we need more in marketing or we need more in finance or something like that. So that would be one flavor of acquisition, looking for assets that could enhance the insights to which we provide the operating executives that are a target audience. Second would be sort of a geographic fill-in. So, sort of the same tone and tenor there, but going after geographies where we're not as strong or don't have as much critical mass. And then third and perhaps fourth would be sort of assets or technology type acquisitions that would help us catalyze getting to market faster or buying some capability that is really valuable to us that we can then leverage across the enterprise. And again, if you look at the -- there's a handful of small acquisitions we've done over the last five, six years. We kind of have at least one in each of those categories, and that's sort of what the M&A radar screen looks like today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Surinder Thind with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Surinder Thind: Can you maybe talk about just the thought behind the cadence for your hiring plans at this point? It sounds like it's going to be quite back-half loaded. Is that just looking for additional data points? Any color there would be helpful.
Gene Hall: So, if you look at our take of our hiring, if you look at the market overall, it's been very, I'd say, uneven over the last few years. There was a pandemic where we slowed down our hiring dramatically. There was the tech bubble afterwards where it's hard to even hire people because the tech companies are suppressively hiring. In the year after that, the tech houses were laying people off. And so, it was very easy to hire people. And so, we've stepped up a couple of years ago very well, and we had a lot of junior people. And so, we want to make sure that those people want to make sure that we got full productivity out of them and also to see kind of what the macroeconomic in geopolitical world looks like. That seems to be more stable now, and we feel like that the tenure of that group we had two years ago now is at a stable point. And so, it makes sense to ramp our hiring up. And the people we hire beginning in the second half of the year are going to position us '25, '26 to '27 because their productivity will improve over the first three years, we hired them. And so, this additional hiring we're planning to do in the second half is really getting back to what we've done traditionally before the rockiness of the last few roads -- in the last few years, and we would expect that kind of hiring trend to continue, which is more even going forward. And this is kind of just getting back to strategy after the last few years of a lot of tumultuous economic times.
Craig Safian: And Surinder, the other thing I'd just add there is from where we are today, it's another few hundred net people by the end of the year. So, it may sound like a big sort of move. It's actually not given the trending. And so again, if we target that mid-single-digit growth for GTS and high single digit for GBS. It's a few hundred more people between -- net between now and the end of the year.
Surinder Thind: That's helpful. And then you mentioned CrowdStrike in the prepared remarks. How does something like that impact the business? Is it just more engagement with existing clients just wanting to access more resources? Or does this drive incremental demand at the top of the funnel that maybe you can convert in the back half of this year?
Gene Hall: So, our whole strategy is to help our clients with their most important priorities. CrowdStrike on that Friday was certainly one of a big priority. And so, we did see a big uptick in demand for our clients. It helps engagement. We did a bunch of things immediate to help them. We had a panel webinar that day. We had a document that we published that day. We had a weather or live stream, and we did a whole series of things look to help our clients. And so really, we're helping them with a mobile need, which is great for our demand. It's great for not just existing clients, but for new clients. It gives us a reason why they should buy. So, CrowdStrike, the kind for CrowdStrike are one exists to help our clients in these difficult times.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
George Tong: Enterprise functional leader CV growth was 10% in the quarter, which is pretty similar compared to 1Q. Can you elaborate on some of the trends you're seeing here and if the momentum exiting the quarter was stable or improved?
Gene Hall: So, I would say the selling environment was pretty consistent between Q1 and Q2. There's not a lot of change there. I don't think our execution was better. It's just why we had a little bit of pickup in parts of our business. The overall macroeconomic and geopolitical environment didn't change much between Q1 and Q2.
George Tong: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And then research subscription revenue growth outperformed in the quarter, but you're holding your outlook for research subscription revenue unchanged for the full year. What factors are holding you back from raising your research subscription outlook for the full year?
Craig Safian: George, the way I would characterize it is, we came in roughly where we thought we were going to land from a research subscription revenue perspective in the second quarter. CV growth did accelerate 50 basis points from Q1 to Q2. That was pretty much baked into our full year outlook. And so, from where we stand today, we feel really good about the research description revenue line, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks. That's obviously the revenue line that we have the greatest visibility on, but it's also modest changes in CV don't have a huge impact from now until the end of the year. It's really the CV growth delivered for this year will really determine 2025 revenue. So, I think our perspective is sort of on target or on expectation for Q2. No change to the research subscription revenue line for the balance of the year other than the modest uptick that we dialed in for foreign exchange.
Operator: And our next question is from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Jeff Silber: I wanted to focus on retention. The retention metrics still going down. I know the declines seem to be getting less worse, which is good to see. But what do you think it will take to get the retention metrics starting to move in a positive direction again? Is there anything you can do from your end?
Craig Safian: So, I'd say focusing on GTS first. So, while retention, as I think I mentioned in the prepared remarks, for the enterprise function leader part of business is at historical levels and continues to be pretty strong there. And so, I think all you're seeing is the continued tech vendor challenging market. And again, in particular, the small tech vendor part of the market, diluting the retention metrics a little bit. We will eventually wash through this. It will take some time because it's not as simple as thinking about, well, business you sold 24 months ago, you're already through that now and so there are no more issues. It's really client specific in terms of when they got funding, when their funding runs out, when they have cash flow problems, et cetera. And so, I think what you're still seeing is just a drag down from, in particular, small technology companies that is driving the retention stuff. On the GBS, I think we had really, really strong wallet retention there, particularly coming out of the pandemic the wallet retention numbers are still significantly higher than what we report on the GTS side. And so, I'd argue the GBS wallet retention metrics and client retention metrics are relatively strong as well.
Jeff Silber: Okay. Great. And if I could shift over to the contract length for research. If I remember correctly, at one point in time, you were selling more three-year contracts. I might be wrong, but I think more recently, probably shifting a little bit more towards two years. If you could just remind me correct. Are a lot of those two-year terms coming up for renewal over the next few months or so?
Craig Safian: Yes. Jeff, our standard contract length, I would say, is 24 months. We do write some that are 12 months, and we do write some that are 36 months, but the vast majority are 24 months. And so, we always have a significant amount of contracts coming up for renewal in basically every quarter because our sellers and our clients consume predominantly 24-month contracts. I think our average contract length is somewhere in the 1.7- to 1.8-year range. More than 70% of our contract value is multiyear in nature. And so again, we're always going to have two-year deals and three-year deals coming up for renewal pretty consistently quarter-to-quarter to quarter-to-quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And as I see no further questions in the queue, I will pass the call back to the Chairman and CEO, Gene Hall, for his final comments.
Gene Hall: Here's what I'd like you take away from today's call. Gartner delivered financial results ahead of expectations. We delivered 10% contract value growth with that enterprise function leaders. We have a vast addressable market opportunity. We have a strong and compelling client value proposition. Looking ahead, we're well positioned to drive sustained double-digit revenue growth over the long term. We will continue to create value for our shareholders by providing actual objective insight to our clients, prudently investing for future growth, generating free cash flow well in excess of net income and returning capital to our shareholders through our share repurchase program. Thanks for joining us today and look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: And thank you all for participating in today's conference, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-30 08:00:00) =====
David Cohen: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. I'm David Cohen, SVP of Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions] After comments by Gene Hall, Gartner's Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Gartner's Chief Financial Officer, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  
 This call will include a discussion of first quarter 2024 financial results and Gartner's outlook for 2024 as disclosed in today's earnings release and earnings supplement, both posted to our website, investor.gartner.com.  
 On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA or for adjusted EBITDA, with the adjustments as described in our earnings release and supplement, while contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2024 foreign exchange rates, while growth rates in Gene's comments are FX neutral, unless stated otherwise. All references to share counts are for fully diluted weighted average share counts, unless stated otherwise.  
 Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. 
 As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2023 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents.  
 Now I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. 
Eugene Hall: Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. Gartner remains resilient in a complex environment. In Q1, contract value grew high single digits. Natural results for the quarter were ahead of expectations. We delivered strong profitability and free cash flow, and we increased our guidance for 2024 on an FX neutral basis.  
 The world continues to experience broad geopolitical and economic uncertainty. Higher interest rates and uncertain outlook continue to affect banks. Federal and local governments are struggling to shifting priorities. Inflation remains challenging for companies in many sectors, such as health care. Supply chains continue to be strained. 
 We continue to see big shifts in where people work, which is affecting the real estate sector. Cybersecurity continues to be a global and universal threat. And enterprise leaders are just beginning to understand how to leverage artificial intelligence in their organizations.
 Enterprise leaders and their teams know they need help, and they know Gartner is the best source for that help. We provide the insights, tools and advice to drive smart decisions and achieve stronger performance on their mission-critical priorities. Our insights often make the difference between success and failure for the leaders we work with and the enterprises they serve. Gartner guides the leaders who shape the world.  
 Research continues to be our largest and most profitable segment. Our Research business serves enterprises across all major functions in every industry and every geography. Our market opportunity is vast. We deliver unparalleled value to our clients, whether they're thriving, struggling or anywhere in between.  
 In Q1, our clients experienced more challenging macroeconomic conditions, which led to a tougher selling environment. Because of the incredible value we deliver, contract value in our enterprise functional leader business grew 10%. 
 Our tech vendor clients continue to be affected by sizable layoffs as well as reductions and shifts in venture capital investments. In addition, we had higher than normal levels of tech vendor contracts up for renewal in Q1, as expected.  
 We guided clients through a wide range of challenging topics, including cybersecurity, supply chain optimization, data analytics, leader and manager development, managing emerging risks, cost optimization and more. Artificial intelligence was a topic with a high level of interest across every business function we serve. 
 Gartner serves executives and their teams through distinct sales channels. Global Technology Sales, or GTS, serves leaders and their teams within IT. GTS also serves leaders at technology vendors, including CEOs, Chief Marketing Officers and senior product leaders. GTS contract value grew 5%. GTS contract value with enterprise function leaders grew at high single digits.  
 Global Business Sales, or GBS, serves leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, marketing, legal, sales and more. GBS contract value grew 12%.  
 Gartner Conferences deliver valuable insights to a highly engaged audience. We had a great start to the year, including the launch of two new Conferences. The outlook for Conferences remains strong.  
 Gartner Consulting is the extension of Gartner Research. Consulting helps clients execute their most strategic initiatives through deeper project-based work. Consulting is an important complement to our IT Research business. Consulting revenue grew 7%. Labor-based revenue was up 13%. We drove a strong performance in contract optimization against a tough compare.  
 People are at the heart of our business. I just returned from our sales recognition events where I spent time with some of our top performers. Our sales teams are enthusiastic about our prospects for growth in 2024. They love Gartner's strategy, culture and ability to innovate. Gartner is a place where our associates build lifelong careers in sales and beyond.  
 Looking ahead, we updated our guidance for the stronger dollar and increased revenue, EBITDA, EPS and free cash flow on a FX-neutral basis.  
 In closing, Gartner delivered financial results ahead of expectations and 10% contract value growth with enterprise function leaders. Gartner is well positioned for contract value growth to accelerate as we move through the year. Our client value proposition and addressable market opportunity will allow us to drive long-term sustained double-digit revenue growth.  
 We will continue to create value for our shareholders by providing actionable objective insight to our clients, prudently investing for future growth and returning capital to our shareholders through our share repurchase program. 
 We expect margins will expand modestly over time, and we'll continue to generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income. All of this and more positions us to continue our sustained record of success are into the future.  
 With that, I'll hand the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. 
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene, and good morning. First quarter financial results were better than planned with particular strength in profitability and free cash flow. We remain well positioned for the global CV growth rate to accelerate from the first or second quarter of this year. We are increasing our revenue, profit and free cash flow guidance on an operating basis and updating for the stronger U.S. dollar. We have a lot of capacity for share repurchases and remain eager to buy back stock opportunistically.  
 First quarter revenue was $1.5 billion, up 5% year-over-year as reported and FX neutral. In addition, total contribution margin was 69%, about in line with last year. EBITDA was $382 million, ahead of our guidance and up modestly from first quarter 2023. Adjusted EPS was $2.93, up 2% from Q1 of last year, and free cash flow was $166 million.
 Research revenue in the first quarter grew 4% year-over-year as reported and on an FX-neutral basis. Subscription revenue grew 6% FX-neutral. Non-subscription revenue was similar to Q4 2023 following changes we made during the fourth quarter, which we discussed in February. First quarter Research contribution margin was 74%, consistent with last year. 
 Contract value, or CV, was $4.9 billion at the end of the first quarter, up 7% versus the prior year and down about $10 million from the fourth quarter 2023. The NCVI results reflect the higher-than-normal level of tech vendor contracts up for renewal, which we discussed in February. In addition, Q1 is our seasonally smallest quarter for new business.  
 CV from enterprise function leaders across GTS and GBS grew 10%. CV growth is FX neutral. CV growth outside of our tech vendor client base was broad-based across practices, industry sectors, company sizes and geographic regions. Across our combined practices, the majority of the industry sectors grew at double-digit or high single-digit rates led by the energy, manufacturing and public sectors. 
 CV grew double-digit or high single-digit rates across all enterprise sizes except small, which was about flat and has the largest tech vendor mix. We also drove double-digit or high single-digit growth in the majority of our top 10 countries.  
 Global Technology Sales contract value was $3.8 billion at the end of the first quarter, up 5% versus the prior year. GTS enterprise leader CV increased high single digits. Tech vendor CV was down slightly year-over-year. GTS CV was $22 million lower than the fourth quarter. 
 Wallet retention for GTS was 101% for the quarter, which compares to 104% in the prior year. Enterprise leader wallet retention was consistent with historical levels. As expected, tech vendors were the key driver of the change year-over-year.  
 GTS new business was 1% lower than last year, even as enterprise leader new business increased year-over-year. GTS quota-bearing headcount was down 2% year-over-year. We continue to expect mid-single-digit QBH growth by the end of the year. The near-term hiring focus is in the enterprise leader portion of the business. Our regular full set of GTS metrics can be found in our earnings supplement.  
 Global Business Sales contract value was $1.1 billion at the end of the first quarter, up 12% year-over-year. All of our GBS practices grew at double-digit or high single-digit rates other than sales, which grew mid-single digits. Growth was led by finance, legal and supply chain. 
 GBS CV increased $12 million from the fourth quarter, while retention for GBS was 107% for the quarter, which compares to 110% in the prior year. GBS new business was up 7% compared to last year. GBS quota-bearing headcount was also up 7% year-over-year. As with GTS, our regular full set of GBS metrics can be found in our earnings supplement.  
 Conferences revenue for the first quarter was $70 million, modestly ahead of our expectations during a seasonally small period. We had two successful launches in the quarter: our CFO and Finance Executive Conference in Australia; and our Data & Analytics Summit in Brazil. Contribution margin in the quarter was 33%, consistent with typical seasonality and reflecting investments for future growth. We held 12 destination conferences in the quarter.  
 First quarter Consulting revenues increased by 6% year-over-year to $135 million. On an FX-neutral basis, revenues were up 7%. Consulting contribution margin was 40% in the first quarter. Labor-based revenues were $109 million, up 12% versus Q1 of last year's reported and 13% on an FX-neutral basis. Backlog at March 31 was $188 million, increasing 17% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis with continued booking strength.  
 Our contract optimization business is highly variable. We delivered $26 million of revenue in the quarter against a tough prior year compare. Consolidated cost of services increased 6% year-over-year in the first quarter as reported and 5% on an FX-neutral basis. The biggest driver of the increase was higher compensation costs.  
 SG&A increased 5% year-over-year in the first quarter as reported and on an FX-neutral basis. SG&A increased in the quarter as a result of headcount growth and higher compensation costs. 
 EBITDA for the first quarter was $382 million, up modestly from last year. First quarter strength compared to our guidance reflected modest revenue upside, effective expense management and a prudent approach to our initial guidance. Depreciation in the quarter of $26 million was up about 10% compared to 2023.  
 Net interest expense, exclusive deferred financing costs in the quarter, was $18 million. This is favorable by $9 million versus the first quarter of 2023 due to higher interest income on our cash balances. The modest floating rate debt we have is fully hedged through the third quarter of 2025. 
 The Q1 adjusted tax rate, which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income was 20% for the quarter. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was 25% for the quarter.  
 Adjusted EPS in Q1 was $2.93, up 2% compared with last year. We had 79 million shares outstanding in the first quarter. This is a reduction of close to 1 million shares or about 2% year-over-year. We exited the first quarter with about 79 million shares on an unweighted basis.  
 Operating cash flow for the quarter was $189 million, up 15% compared to last year. CapEx for the quarter was $23 million, up modestly year-over-year. 
 Free cash flow for the quarter was $166 million. Free cash flow as a percent of revenue on a rolling 4-quarter basis was 18% of revenue and 72% of EBITDA. Free cash flow conversion from GAAP net income was 135%. Our free cash flow conversion is generally higher when CV growth is accelerating. 
 At the end of the first quarter, we had about $1.2 billion of cash. Our March 31 debt balance was about $2.5 billion. During the quarter, we closed on a new 5-year $1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. Outstanding borrowings from the existing credit agreement were rolled over into the new unsecured revolver. The amount drawn remains fully hedged. Our capital structure is now 100% unsecured. After Moody's upgraded our credit in April, we now have three investment grade ratings from Fitch, S&P and Moody's.  
 Our reported gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA was under 2x. Our expected free cash flow generation, available revolver and excess cash remaining on the balance sheet provide ample liquidity to deliver on our capital allocation strategy of share repurchases and strategic tuck-in M&A. Our balance sheet is very strong with $1.9 billion of liquidity, low levels of leverage and effectively fixed interest rates. 
 We repurchased $225 million of our stock during the first quarter. We expect the Board will continue to refresh the repurchase authorization as needed going forward. At the end of March, we had about $830 million authorized for repurchases. As we continue to repurchase shares, our capital base will shrink. Over time, this is accretive to earnings per share and, combined with growing profits, also delivers increasing returns on invested capital.  
 We are raising our full year guidance on an FX-neutral basis to reflect Q1 performance. The dollar has gotten stronger since we reported in February, which is also incorporated into the guidance.  
 For Research, we continue to innovate and provide a very compelling value proposition for clients and prospects. Executives and their teams face uncertainty and challenges, and they recognize how Gartner can help, regardless of the economic environment. 
 For Research revenue, based on Q1 results and our outlook for the balance of the year, our guidance on an FX-neutral basis is unchanged. The guidance also reflects the CV growth rate reaccelerating this year. New business strength and improvements in retention would lead to upside to our guidance. And Research subscription revenue growth will likely lag CV growth reacceleration by about a quarter or 2 on an FX-neutral basis.  
 The nonsubscription revenue outlook continues to reflect the shift to higher-quality traffic sources we discussed last quarter. We saw pricing stabilizing over the past few months. An improvement in pricing would represent upside to the guidance.  
 The first quarter for Conferences is seasonally small. We continue to expect strong performance for the full year. We expect similar seasonality to what we saw in 2023 with Q4 the largest quarter, followed by Q2.  
 For Consulting, we continue to see demand on our labor-based services in areas like digital transformation and cost optimization. Contract optimization has had several very strong years and is highly variable. We've incorporated a prudent outlook for this part of the segment.  
 For consolidated expenses, we are investing for future growth, even as we have taken a balanced view of the timing of revenue flowing into the P&L. We recommend thinking about expenses sequentially with notable seasonality driven by the conferences calendar and merit increases. 
 As a reminder, about 1/3 of our revenue and operating expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. With the strengthening dollar, we now expect FX-neutral growth to be higher than reported growth by about 0.5 point for revenue and around a full point for EBITDA for the full year.  
 Our updated 2024 guidance is as follows. We expect Research revenue of at least $5.115 billion, which is FX-neutral growth of about 5%. First quarter results were about in line with our expectations. We updated for the stronger dollar. 
 We expect Conferences revenue of at least $560 million, which is FX-neutral growth of about 11%. We expect Consulting revenue of at least $525 million, which is growth of about 3% FX neutral. The result is an outlook for consolidated revenue of at least $6.2 billion, which is FX-neutral growth of 5%.  
 We now expect full year EBITDA of at least $1.455 billion, up $35 million from our prior guidance before the effect of a stronger dollar. We expect typical operating expense seasonality to continue through the rest of the year. We now expect 2024 adjusted EPS of at least $10.90. 
 For 2024, we now expect free cash flow of at least $1.08 billion, up $15 million from our prior guidance. The higher free cash flow reflects a conversion from GAAP net income of 139%. Our guidance is based on 79 million fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding, which reflects the repurchases made through the end of March. And finally, for the second quarter, we expect adjusted EBITDA of at least $390 million.  
 Our financial performance started the year ahead of our plan, despite continuing global macro uncertainty and a dynamic tech vendor market. CV grew high single digits in the quarter, and we expect CV growth to reaccelerate from the first or second quarter of this year. 
 Revenue and EBITDA performance exceeded our expectations, we increased our operating guidance and incorporated the stronger U.S. dollar into the outlook.  
 Free cash flow was strong in the quarter, and we increased the guidance for the full year. We repurchased about $225 million in stock year-to-date through March and remain eager to return excess capital to our shareholders. We will continue to be price sensitive, opportunistic and disciplined.
 Looking out over the medium term, our financial model and expectations are unchanged. With 12% to 16% Research CV growth, we will deliver double-digit revenue growth. With gross margin expansion, sales costs growing about in line with CV growth and G&A leverage, we will expand EBITDA margins modestly over time. 
 We can grow free cash flow at least as fast as EBITDA because of our modest CapEx needs and the benefits of our clients paying us upfront. And we'll continue to deploy our capital on share repurchases, which will lower the share count over time and on strategic value-enhancing tuck-in M&A.  
 With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Jeff Meuler from Baird. 
Jeffrey Meuler: Hello? Can you hear me? 
Operator: Yes, sir, we can hear you now. 
Jeffrey Meuler: Yes. Sorry about that. Was hoping you could give more perspective on GTS new business sold trends, and I'm obviously keying in on the year-over-year being a bit weaker this quarter than last. 
 And I think that was one of the factors that you were pointing to for confidence in the CV reacceleration during 2024. So just any perspective? Did it soften at all later in the quarter? Was it consistent with your plan? 
Craig Safian: Jeff, it's Craig. Thank you for the question. On the new business side, again, you need to really differentiate between what we're seeing from a tech vendor perspective and what we're seeing on the enterprise function leader portion of the GTS business. 
 And what we saw was GTS new business for enterprise function leaders was up low single digits year-over-year in the quarter and it was down a little bit year-over-year on the tech vendor side. And so those two dynamics are really what hit us in the first quarter.  
 I would say just on the tech vendor side, and I'm sure we'll talk about this quite a bit as we work through the questions, that we highlighted in February that we had a larger-than-normal amount of contracts coming up for renewal on the tech vendor side. Those were typically 2- or 3-year deals, and so they hadn't been touched in a few years. And obviously, the tech market is very different today than it was a few years ago.  
 And generally, what we're seeing, particularly with our medium to larger-sized tech clients, is they are staying with us, but there is some -- still some recalibration. And what that means is there's less new business than normal on those renewals.  
 Out over the medium term and long term, we expect our tech vendor business to be a 12% to 16% grower, but we're still, and again, you guys can often read the headlines as well as we can, we're still in a pretty challenging tech vendor end market. 
 Gene, I don't know if you want to add. 
Eugene Hall: The only thing to add is that our sales to new logos in tech vendors has been strong. And so what Craig reflected is that it's not the new logos that's actually been strong. It's when we have a renewal, how much of -- how many digital seats they buy. 
Jeffrey Meuler: Okay. And then just on retention, obviously, we have your publicly reported metrics, and just want to recognize that you had previously called out the outsized renewals for tech vendor this quarter. 
 So the question, I guess, is if I -- if you isolate just the business that comes up for renewal in a period, is the -- are the renewal rates now largely stable kind of quarter-to-quarter at this point that you just needed to get through the tail of those renewals? I'm just trying to, I guess, just figure out how stable it is on what's coming up for renewal. 
Craig Safian: Yes. I think, Jeff, it's a great question. We have seen some stability in the retention rates. And generally, if you look at our NCVI in any given quarter, it's a combination of what did we renew and how much new business we sold. 
 And with Q1 being a seasonally very small new business quarter, historically, it's always been that way, coupled with the disproportionate amount of tech vendor contracts we had coming up for renewal, the reason we highlighted that in February is because that makes for a tough math, if you will, on NCVI in a given quarter.  
 We are seeing retention rates stabilize. We do see a strong pipeline across the board in both GTS and GBS. And so again, we firmly believe that contract value growth is going to reaccelerate this year, as we indicated in our prepared remarks. And stable retention rates will certainly be an ingredient in that reacceleration. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Toni Kaplan from Morgan Stanley. 
Toni Kaplan: I was hoping you could just comment on the first part of the last question, the recalibration and seats as contracts come up for renewal. Are you seeing the large enterprise clients reducing seats? Or was that more of a comment around the tech vendor? 
 And basically, if you could give sort of an outlook on how you think the tech vendor trends go from here and what percent of business is related to tech vendor at this point. You probably gave it. I just missed it. 
Eugene Hall: Toni, it's Gene. There's a couple of things going on. One is in the small end of the market, the companies that got funding 2 or 3 years ago that are now coming up for renewal, many of those companies are having difficulty getting funding for two reasons. 
 One is that the interest rates are higher. The second is there's been a big shift to where venture capitalist want to fund AI. Not surprised that AI start-ups compared to the software start-ups they were funding 2 years ago. And so we're seeing kind of as those come up for renewal, the ones that aren't getting funding don't do as well. And that's why new logos are doing well through selling to the AI start-ups.  
 And then you have the large end of the market, where we have different front going, where they're laying off tens of thousand people. And so they're -- it's a tougher selling environment than it has been in the past.  
 As Craig mentioned, Q1 is our worst quarter in terms of just look at the SKU of renewals in terms of the most -- the largest number of those renewals coming up, and so we expect to get better through the year. 
Craig Safian: And then, Toni, just for context, the tech vendor CV is a little less than 25% of total CV, which is pretty consistent with where we've been over the last several quarters. 
Toni Kaplan: Yes. Okay. Great. And then wanted to ask on AI. You've said in the past that it hasn't generated extra demand, and that it's just sort of another topic that clients are interested in. I guess, why shouldn't you see increased demand for additional seats across both GTS and GBS? 
 It seems like it's a topic that more people within the organization would probably need to learn more about. And so -- and then maybe any ways you've been able to utilize AI for efficiency or selling purposes? 
Eugene Hall: So Toni, there's a broad level of interest in AI across each of our functional areas. So whether it's IT, marketing, sales, finance, legal, every single function has a very high interest in AI, and we have a large research team that is focused on making sure we understand the applications in AI in each of those functional areas. And so we have a large installed base of existing clients. Most of those clients are -- the existing clients are looking at our AI research and using it.  
 When we sell to new client, they also -- that's a very hot topic they want to talk to us about it, and it is a good reason to close a sale. If I contrast it though, like 2 years ago, about even cloud computing, that was -- AI wasn't the hot topic, cloud computing was. 
 And so the topic has shifted, and it's a very high level of interest, just as cloud computing was 2 or 3 years ago. And so it's not like that we didn't have demand, just all of a sudden increased demand. It kind -- has kind of taken the place of things that were in the past.  
 And again, as we -- and the other thing I'd say is companies are now just kind of trying to figure out whether it's relevant, what the trade-offs are, what the cost is. And I think that this could gather momentum over time as they sort these kinds of things out. 
 It's good for us no matter how you look at it. But it's not like we had no business, and this is going to lead to a step change. It's more like it's substituted other things that we're helping with. Again, if you think about the margin over time, it will be a net plus.  
 And with regard to internal usage, we have a number of internal uses that we are using mainly with data analytics, having very sophisticated machine learning algorithms and neural networks in terms of understanding our business. That's one of the big applications we have for it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Balsky from Bank of America. 
Heather Balsky: I'd love to touch on your, I guess, I'll call it guidance that you still think CV should start to accelerate, either after this quarter or after next quarter. It sounds like the selling environment got tougher. We're still seeing layoffs in the tech industry. I'm just curious what you're seeing right now that still gives you confidence that this is the year we see the inflection?  
 And also just kind of -- was there anything in the first quarter that kind of was a positive sign in your view, realizing that 1Q is kind of a lighter quarter generally in your business? But just help us get the conviction you have in the inflection. 
Eugene Hall: Heather, let me start. So our -- Q1, our enterprise function leaders CV grew 10%, so it was a little tougher economic environment. Decisions got pushed. We still grew 10% in that kind of environment.  
 The second thing is we talked about the tech sector, we had a -- particularly, we had a lot more renewals from 2 or 3 years ago that's coming up and finishes later in the year. 
 And the third thing is if we look at our go-forward sales pipeline, our go-forward sales pipeline is very robust. And so those are the kinds of things that give us confidence that the outlook that we gave is very accurate. 
Craig Safian: Well, I think -- and just to add to that, Heather, our sales force continues to come up the 10-year curve. And so every day, they're a little bit more experienced and a little bit more tenured. And that gives us confidence around the reacceleration. 
 And I think also, we are a learning company that are very agile. And even in a tougher environment, we are always working for ways to perform better in that tougher environment. And we learned a lot from prior dislocations. We've learned a lot even from the last couple of quarters, and we were applying those things. And we believe that actually will have a positive impact and help fuel that reacceleration as well. 
Heather Balsky: And another question we got. You talked about the heavy renewals in the quarter, and you've warned us about that. As you think about the renewals coming from the, I guess, sort of peak period for the tech vendor space, how does the rest of the year look in terms of the renewals coming up? 
Craig Safian: Yes. I mean, it's -- so obviously, it's got to add up to 100% over the course of the year. And so we were a little overweighted in the first quarter on those tech vendor renewals, and it's much more even over the balance of the year. And again, it's another reason that gives us confidence. 
 So if you look at the way the renewals work and the way our new business ramps over the course of the year, that's what gives us confidence that either coming off of Q1 or Q2, you will see the reacceleration in the total contract value growth rate. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Andrew Nicholas from William Blair. 
Andrew Nicholas: I wanted to first ask on operating expenses. Pretty significant upside to your adjusted EBITDA outlook on Q1. Just wondering where the major drivers were relative to your expectations in terms of spend. Any areas in particular where you're getting a bit more efficiency than you had expected and maybe what that means for operating expenses going through the rest of this year? 
Craig Safian: Andrew, I'd say the OpEx favorability was pretty broad based. It wasn't any one particular area where we harvested significant savings. I would say the FX rate actually helped a little bit there, too. It obviously hurts on revenue, but helps on expenses. 
 And so we have dialed in the savings in the areas that we saw in Q1. Some of that is timing. Some of that, we're going to catch up on. And some of that is real savings. And so the new guidance reflects what we learned from Q1 from an OpEx perspective. 
 But don't overlook the foreign exchange. As we talked about, the dollar has strengthened quite a bit. And about 1/3 of our operating expenses are denominated in currencies outside of the U.S. dollar. And so those pretty large movements can actually impact the reported OpEx and revenue pretty significantly, but again all reflected now in the new guide. 
Andrew Nicholas: Got it. That's helpful. And then I wanted to ask about Conferences. I think you said you added two new Conferences in the first quarter. Can you just kind of talk about where you sit in terms of your plans on the Conference build out front? 
 I know you had hoped to have, at some point in the future, a conference in every single region for every single kind of GBS and GTS seat. So if you could just kind of update us on that progress and the momentum in building out that plan. 
Craig Safian: Yes. And so that is still the plan, right? Strategy is for us to have destination conference for every major constituency that we serve, role that we serve on every major region or geography in which we operate. And I think the two launches in the first quarter, while small, are indicative of that. 
 And so we've expanded our finance, our CFO conferences to Australia in the first quarter, again, sort of building out that portfolio. And we brought back a Data & Analytics Summit in Brazil, again, because we've got a large business in Brazil, and there's demand for data and analytics. 
 This year, 2024, we're going from 47 conferences last year to 51 in 2024. I would expect us to have a similar sort of build over the next several years as we continue to build out the Conferences portfolio to support the Research business. 
Eugene Hall: The other thing we're doing to Andrew, too, is for some of these existing conferences, we're moving to larger venues, so that we actually can accommodate the incremental demand that we're seeing, which is substantial. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Josh Chan from UBS. 
Joshua Chan: Is there a way to estimate how much the elevated renewals in Q1 impacted your CV growth? And I guess, relatedly, absent this elevated renewal impact in Q2, how should we think about the NCVI in Q2 as compared to last year, which should theoretically be a pretty easy comparison, I think? 
Craig Safian: Thanks. Josh, so again, I think the combination, as we talked about, of more than normal contracts coming up for renewal against our smallest new business quarter is really -- and the continued tech vendor challenges is really the story around the Q1 NCVI and the Q1 CV growth. 
 As you think about moving through the year, the simple way that I think about whether CV growth accelerates or not is just comparing an expectation to your point on what the quarter NCVI is going to be in this year compared to what the NCVI was last year. And so roughly speaking, last year, in the second quarter, we did around $40 million worth of NCVI across GTS and GBS. 
 For the contract value growth to reaccelerate in Q2, we have to do modestly more than that on a dollar basis year-over-year. Again, if you look at the same number for Q3 where I think Q3 of last year, we did order of magnitude around $100 million of NCVI in the third quarter, we have to do modestly more than that in the third quarter of 2024 to continue the reacceleration. 
 And so, again, as we've talked about sort of when we think the reacceleration is going to happen, clearly, the renewal mix -- or the contracts coming up for renewal mix, coupled with our new business, normal expectations, coupled with looking at our pipeline, looking at conversion rates, looking at pipeline velocity, et cetera, that's what gives us confidence that we will see a reacceleration coming off of either the Q1 or the Q2 number. 
Joshua Chan: Great. I guess, on my follow-up on your sales force tenure, how do you think about the idea of the tenure improving into a time when the environment is not yet fully robust? Do you have to work harder on retaining, so that you can fully take advantage of the sales force when the environment does cooperate? How do you think about that? 
Craig Safian: Yes, it's a great question. So obviously, when we talk about average productivity and what we've seen historically, those are generally measured in more "normal" operating environment. And so clearly, when it's more challenging from an operating environment perspective, we can see some of the productivity measures or at least the final output productivity measures a little more muted. 
 We also measure the inputs that go into sales. And so how many opportunities are being added? How quickly are those things advancing through the pipeline? How often are salespeople and service people interacting with their clients? How many prospects are we getting to webinars or the conferences and things like that? 
 So there are other measures beyond just the pure NCVI measure, which is sort of the ultimate measure, but there are other measures that we can look at that give us confidence that our sellers are getting more at that and more experience and are coming up the tenure curve. And then when the economy does stabilize or perhaps even improve, we should be able to see the benefits from that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Manav Patnaik from Barclays. 
Manav Patnaik: Craig, in your prepared remarks, you made a comment around pricing stabilized, that it could be upside to guidance if it improves. So I was just hoping you could just give a little bit more detail on what the pricing, I guess, year-over-year growth is today versus historical. And were you implying that you guys might be raising prices here again? 
Craig Safian: Manav, just for clarity's sake, the pricing stabilization comment was really specifically about the nonsubscription part of our Research business. And so as you recall, coming out of last year, on our February call, we talked a lot about focusing on higher-quality traffic. And by doing that over the medium to long term, we would expect to see improvements in pricing. 
 And so what we saw in the first quarter is some stabilization to pricing, which, again, we view as positive. And as we continue to focus on that higher-quality traffic, if it does convert into better pricing there, that would reflect upside to the existing guidance. 
Eugene Hall: And Manav, the pricing in our subscription business has been completely stable, so there's been no issue there. 
Manav Patnaik: Okay. Got it. And then just one quick one. I think the enterprise count is down about 4% year-over-year. I'm guessing a lot of that was the tech vendor challenges you talked about. But just in context of your CV acceleration you're expecting, can you just remind us again of your hiring plans for the quota-bearing sales force? 
Craig Safian: Yes. Sure, Manav. Happy to provide that color. So on the enterprise count, your hypothesis is spot on. It's more -- and Gene alluded to this earlier in our prepared remarks. It's just more churn in the small tech space. And again, to Gene's point, we are adding new logos in the small tech space, and we're actually doing pretty well there and holding up pretty well, but it's not offsetting the losses. 
 And again, as Gene laid out, the challenges that a lot of these clients had where they had funding 2 years ago, when they sign the contract and obviously may not today. And so that's really the prime story on the enterprise count. 
 On headcount growth, we continue to target mid- to high single-digit QBH growth by the end of this year. And again, the combination of the size of the army we had entering the year, people coming up the tenure curve and that mid- to high single-digit growth in QBH should set us up -- or will set us up to continue to accelerate contract value growth rolling into 2025. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Surinder Thind from Jefferies. 
Surinder Thind: Just following up on some of the tech vendor questions here. On an absolute dollar basis for CV for tech vendor, is the idea that we're close to stabilizing at this point? Or how should we think about the trajectory over the course of the year as you think about CV growth reaccelerate? So is the primary determinant of that where CV for tech vendor ends up? Or how should we think about that? 
Craig Safian: Surinder, I think it's a combination across the portfolio that will fuel the reacceleration for CV. I mean, clearly, tech vendor needs to be a piece of that. It's about 25% of total CV. 
 But we also see opportunity for acceleration across the enterprise function leader portion of our business as well. As Gene highlighted, that continues to grow at around 10% combined, so pretty strong growth in a challenging environment. 
 But essentially, I think we believe the -- well, I shouldn't say the tide will lift all three businesses, but all three portions of the CV base should see improvement that lead to the reacceleration of growth. 
Surinder Thind: Got it. But as a clarification, is CV for tech vendor assume to inflect positive at any point in your guidance at this point? 
Craig Safian: Surinder, we generally don't guide around contract value. And so, yes, I can't answer that specifically. All I would say is from either the Q1 or Q2 point, we expect total CV to begin to reaccelerate. And certainly, tech vendor CV will contribute there. 
Surinder Thind: Got it. And then just a quick follow-up on the nonsubscription pricing stabilization. It sounds like it stabilized fairly quickly or in the last few months. Is that a fair characterization? And then could the opposite also happen is how quickly could you potentially see improvement? Is that something that we could start to see in the back half of the year? Or how should we think about the potential for when pricing may reaccelerate or normalize? 
Eugene Hall: Yes. Surinder, great question. So the pricing is based on the -- what we're calling the quality of the leads, which is basically the proportion of leads that we send that turn into actual clients. And so -- and analyzing it, we've determined that increasing that proportion actually increases prices. But what happens is you send the vendor the lead, they have to actually close the deals. And so there's a lag time between when you send a better lead and when the pricing goes up. 
 And so we certainly -- we believe the pricing will go up as we increase quality leads. Exactly when that happens is hard to predict because of the dynamic I just talked about. The companies actually have to get the leads, close them, realize that they got that business and then reflect that in their pricing. 
Operator: Our next question will come from George Tong from Goldman Sachs. 
Keen Fai Tong: Can you discuss how tech vendor trends performed moving through the quarter in the month of April? Are trends still trying to find the bottom? Have you seen any stabilization? Or are you seeing early signs of a positive inflection? 
Craig Safian: George, I don't think there's anything really to call out month-to-month. I mean, our business, as you know, tends to be very heavily weighted towards the last month of the quarter. And so it's hard to draw inferences or conclusions from Jan to Feb to March, et cetera. 
 I guess, all I'd say is we expect that total CV will reaccelerate coming off of either Q1 or Q2. And again, as we just discussed with Surinder, tech vendor will be a piece of that reacceleration. 
Keen Fai Tong: Okay. Got it. And then with respect to margins, you raised your EBITDA margin outlook for the year from 23% to 23.5%. Typically, revenue upside is what drives the margin upside, and expenses are stable at this point. So what's driving your improved margin outlook? And what are your latest thoughts on what normalized EBITDA margin should be? 
Eugene Hall: Yes. George, great question. So spot on, on your assessment. I guess, I would say a couple of things. So one is that, clearly, our margins are structurally higher today than they were in 2016 or 2019. As you know, there are a lot of factors that can influence margins on a quarter-to-quarter basis or over the course of the year. 
 As it stands right now with coming out of Q1, sort of putting aside foreign exchange for a little bit, we modestly outperformed our expectations or our operating plan on revenue and then had modest upside from an OpEx perspective as well. We have flowed that through the balance of the year, and what you see is a guidance that implies a 23.5% EBITDA margin for the year -- for 2024. 
 In terms of how to think about future years, we're only 1 quarter into 2024. We'll give 2025 guidance in February of 2025. But again, a framework or a way to sort of think about it is with the QBH growth that were -- we've got baked into the 2024 plan, we're growing our expenses in high single digits. And that's obviously consistent with our medium-term framework on how we want to run this over the long term to drive long-term sustained double-digit top line growth. 
 Obviously, today, with decelerating CV, that puts a little bit of pressure on the margins as the revenue growth is not as great as the expense growth. That said, we're really disciplined around where we're spending and how we manage our expenses. And we're finding that balance between delivering on our margin expectations and making sure that we are investing appropriately to drive future growth. 
 And then the last thing I'd say is over the medium to long term, there is operating leverage in the business, and we expect to modestly expand our margins each and every year over the medium to long term. 
Operator: And we will take our last question from Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets. 
Ryan Griffin: This is Ryan on for Jeff. On the renewal activity over the past couple of quarters, can you compare the terms of those renewals to all the new business you signed 2, 3 years ago? In particular, are you seeing greater preference for longer contracts? And then what sort of price escalators are typically embedded in there, if anything worth calling out? 
Craig Safian: Ryan, I'd say it's been pretty stable and normal. So our standard contract is essentially a 2-year contract. I think somewhere around 70% of our contract value are multiyear contracts, 2 or 3 years, but the bulk of them are actually 2-year. 
 To your point, we do build price escalators into those multiyear contracts and sort of aligns with what our pricing expectation is when we sign the contract. So think an escalator of between 3% and 5% on the anniversary of those contracts. 
 And I'd say in this environment, we're selling roughly same amount of multiyear contracts that we sold 12 months ago or 18 months ago. The team is very focused on continuing to improve that number. It's just -- it's great for our economics, and it's actually great for our clients as well because their challenges are not bounded by a 12-month time frame. 
 They're bigger than that. So signing 24-month contracts or 36-month contracts makes sense both from our business model perspective, but almost as importantly, or more importantly, from a client perspective, and that hasn't really changed. 
Ryan Griffin: Got it. And then just on the quarterly cadence, what are the meaningful hiring quarters this year? And then just more broadly, how is the hiring market currently for tech talent? 
Eugene Hall: So let me start with the tech talent market. So our turnover is very, very low. It's near record lows. And so that's really good for us because it helped increase tenure. On the hiring side, we have a great associate value proposition and a great recruiting team that does an incredible job communicating that value proposition. 
 And so we get a lot of demand. Just in the prior report, we get approximately 200 applicants for every single job. And if you benchmark that, that is way off the charts. And so we're a very, very attractive employer. And that looks -- this combination of being a very attractive employer lets us hire great people. And then once we're here, we retain them, which is why we have such low turnover. 
 And we work this issue on both the recruiting side and the retention side of our associates. And so that keeps getting better and better over time, which is one of the things that's driving associate tenure up which, in turn, over time, drives productivity up. 
Craig Safian: And then, Ryan, on the timing of the phasing, hiring dates can be -- they can happen on June 29, and they're in the second quarter number or they could happen on July 1 and then they're in the third quarter number. We're very focused on making sure that we hire the right amount of people over the course of this year, so that we enter 2025 with the right number of sellers ready to go. 
 And so when we talk about the mid- to high single-digit year-over-year growth in quota-bearing hires across GTS and GBS, that's really a December to December measure. But that's really the most important measure because the people we hire over the course of 2024 don't have a huge impact on 2024. 
 But if we have them in seat and trained, with a little bit of experience rolling into 2025, they can actually have a meaningful impact on 2025 and 2026 and beyond. So as you think about the QBH growth of mid- to high single digits, that's really where we want to end the year 2024, so that we're very well positioned as we start 2025. 
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today's conference. I'll now turn the call back over to Gene Hall for any closing remarks. 
Eugene Hall: Well, here's what I'd like you to take away from today's call. Gartner delivered financial results ahead of expectations and 10% contract value growth with enterprise function leaders. We have a vast addressable market opportunity. We have a strong value proposition. 
 Looking ahead, we're well positioned to continue our sustained record of success far into the future. We'll continue to create value for our shareholders by providing actual objective insights to our clients, prudently investing for future growth, generating free cash flow well in excess of net income and returning capital to our shareholders through our repurchase program. 
 Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-06 08:00:00) =====
David Cohen: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. I'm David Cohen, SVP of Investor Relations. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After comments by Gene Hall, Gartner's Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Gartner's Chief Financial Officer, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. This call will include a discussion of fourth quarter 2023 financial results and Gartner's outlook for 2024 as disclosed in today's earnings release and earnings supplement, both posted to our website, investor.gartner.com. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, with the adjustments as described in our earnings release and supplement, our contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2023 foreign exchange rates and exclude contributions related to the first quarter divestiture and the 2022 Russia exit. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX neutral, unless stated otherwise. All references to share counts are for fully diluted weighted average share counts unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can drive materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2022 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. Gartner drove another strong performance in the fourth quarter. We delivered high single-digit growth in contract value, revenue, EBITDA, adjusted EPS and free cash flow came in above expectations. Gartner delivers incredible client value in any macroeconomic environment. In 2023, the world experienced multiple disruptions. They impacted enterprises in dramatically different ways. For example, high interest rates affected capital-intensive industries and financial institutions such as regional banks, high inflation rates had an outsized effect on industries such as health care. Geopolitical polarization and conflict drove increases in military and defense spending while affecting supply chains, more shifts in how and where people work affected real estate, live events and entertainment and other industries. Cybersecurity attacks became even more frequent while getting stronger and more disruptive. And we saw a significant leap in the capabilities of artificial intelligence, or AI, which fueled even more complexity. We serve leaders in every enterprise across every industry and every geography. They know they need help. And they know Gartner is the best source for the help they need. Gartner delivers actionable objective insight that drive smarter decisions and stronger performance on an organization's mission-critical priorities. We guide the leaders who shape the world. Our insights often make the difference between success and failure, the leaders we work with and the enterprises they serve. As we move into 2024, our ability to execute operational best practices consistently is the strongest it's ever been. We have the lowest proportion of open positions ever. Our recruiting capability and capacity are world-class. We have a strong associate value proposition. And our teams have higher tenure than in 2023, which will allow us to drive strong performance well into the future. Research continues to be our largest and most profitable segment. Our market opportunity is vast across all sectors, sizes and geographies. Our business remains resilient in a complex external environment. Through relentless execution of proven practices, we're able to deliver unparalleled value to our clients. In the fourth quarter, we help clients with a wide range of topics, including cybersecurity, data analytics, artificial intelligence, remote work, cost optimization and more. Research revenue grew 5% in Q4. Subscription revenue represented more than 75% of our consolidated global revenue in 2023. We delivered subscription revenue growth of 8% on an organic basis in the fourth quarter. Total contract value growth was 8%. Across GTS and GBS, contract value from enterprise function leaders grew at double-digit rates. New business with enterprise function leaders also grew at double-digit rates. Gartner serves executives and their teams to distinct sales channels. Global Technology Sales, or GTS, serves leaders and their teams within IT. GTS also serves leaders at technology vendors, including CEOs, Chief Marketing Officers and senior product leaders. GTS contract value grew 6%, led by growth with ITs and enterprise function leaders. GTS sales to leaders and technology vendors continue to be affected by technology sector dynamics. Exiting the year, we began to see some improvement. New business with tech vendors grew at high single digits. We expect new business to lead retention and contract value growth. Global Business Sales, or GBS, source leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, marketing, legal, sales and more. GBS contract value grew 13%. GBS new business was up double digits. Gartner Conferences deliver extraordinarily valuable insights to an engaged and qualified audience. 2023 was the first full year of in-person conferences since 2019. We had a great year, and we drove a strong finish in the fourth quarter. In Q4, we held some of our largest destination conferences, including IT Symposium in Orlando and Barcelona and Ravage HR in Orlando. These conferences were spectacular. Across all our destination conferences, attendance was up year-over-year with many at or near capacity. Looking ahead to 2024, advanced bookings continue to be very strong and feedback continues to be excellent. Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research. Consulting helps clients execute their most strategic initiatives through a deeper extended project-based work. Consulting is an important complement to our IT research business. Consulting revenue grew 8% for the full year. We saw growth in labor-based consulting and record results in contract optimization for the full year. We are introducing 2024 guidance, which we view as achievable across a wide range of economic and geopolitical scenarios with opportunity for upside. In closing, Gartner achieved another strong quarter of growth. We deliver incredible client value, whether our clients are struggling, thriving or anywhere in between. We're exceptionally agile and continuously adapt to the changing world, and we know the right things to do to be successful in any environment. Looking ahead, we're well positioned to continue our sustained record of success or into the future. Our client value proposition and addressable market opportunity will allow us to drive long-term sustained double-digit revenue growth. We expect margins will expand modestly over time. And we generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income. As we invest for future growth, we'll return significant levels of excess capital to our shareholders. This produces shares outstanding and increases returns over time. With that, I'll hand the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian.
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene, and good morning. Fourth quarter revenue, EBITDA, adjusted EPS and free cash flow were better than expected as we continue to execute very well in a complex environment. Our financial performance for the full year 2023 included global contract value and consolidated revenue growth of 8%, EBITDA of $1.5 billion, diluted adjusted EPS of $11.33 and free cash flow of $1.1 billion. We are introducing 2024 guidance, which we view as achievable across a wide range of economic and geopolitical scenarios with opportunity for upside. Fourth quarter revenue was $1.6 billion, up 5% year-over-year as reported and 4% FX neutral. In addition, total contribution margin was 67%. EBITDA was $386 million, ahead of our guidance primarily as a result of disciplined cost management. Adjusted EPS was $3.04 and free cash flow was $196 million. We finished the quarter with 20,237 associates, up 5%, excluding the 2023 divestiture and about the same as Q3. We have a great team across Gartner, driven by a very compelling associate value proposition. Moving into 2024, we are in an excellent position from a talent and tenure perspective. Research revenue in the fourth quarter grew 6% year-over-year as reported and 5% FX-neutral. Subscription revenue grew 8% on an organic FX-neutral basis. Non-subscription revenue performance in the quarter reflects a shift to higher-quality traffic. While this action has a short-term effect on revenue, we expect it will drive higher prices and increase revenue over time. Fourth quarter research contribution margin was 74%, consistent with the prior year period as we have caught up on hiring and return to the new expected levels of travel. For the full year 2023, research revenues increased by 6%, both as reported and FX neutral. The gross contribution margin for the year was 74%. Contract Value, or CV, was $4.8 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, up 8% versus the prior year. CV growth is FX neutral and excludes the first quarter 2023 divestiture. We expect new business to be a leading indicator for retention and, in turn, contract value growth. We had the highest one month of new business dollars ever in December 2023. For the fourth quarter, CV from enterprise function leaders across GTS and GBS grew at double-digit rates. New business with enterprise function leaders increased double digits as well. CV from tech vendors was about flat versus the prior year and up sequentially. Tech vendor CV continued the quarterly improvement we saw in Q3. Tech vendor new business was up high single digits in Q4, marking the first year-over-year increase in 2023. Quarterly net contract value increase, or NCVI, was $180 million. As we've discussed in the past, there is notable seasonality in this metric. CV growth was broad-based across practices, industry sectors, company sizes and geographic regions. Across our combined practices, the majority of the industry sectors grew at double-digit or high single-digit rates led by the energy, manufacturing and public sectors. We had high single-digit growth across almost all of our enterprise size categories. The small category, which has the largest tech vendor mix grew modestly. We also drove double-digit or high single-digit growth in the majority of our top 10 countries. Global Technology Sales contract value was $3.7 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, up 6% versus the prior year. GTS CV increased $134 million from the third quarter. Wallet retention for GTS was 101% for the quarter, reflecting net growth even before the addition of new clients. In the fourth quarter, IT enterprise function leaders wallet retention was consistent with historical GTS levels. GTS new business increased 12% versus last year. New business with IT enterprise function leaders increased mid-teens compared to 2022. New business with tech vendors increased high single digits in the quarter. GTS quota-bearing head count was about flat year-over-year. With the dynamic territory planning we introduced a few years ago, the catch-up hiring we did last year and our teams moving up 10-year curve, we're well positioned for growth moving into 2024. Operationally, we are continuously allocating resources to the best near-term opportunities even as we ensure we are well positioned to capture the large addressable market opportunity over time. Our regular full set of GTS metrics can be found in the earnings supplement. Global Business Sales contract value was $1.1 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, up 13% year-over-year. The majority of our GBS practices grew at double-digit rates. Growth was led by supply chain, legal and HR. GBS CV increased $46 million from the third quarter. Wallet retention for GBS was 107% for the quarter, reflecting strong net growth with our existing clients. GBS new business was up 13% compared to last year. GBS quota-bearing head count was up 8% versus the fourth quarter of 2022. This excludes headcount associated with the Q1 divestiture. As with GTS, our regular full set of GBS metrics can be found in the earnings supplement. As we do each year at this time, we've provided 2 years of quarterly historical contract value data updated to 2024 FX rates in the appendix of the earnings supplement. Conferences revenue for the fourth quarter was $214 million, up 14% year-over-year. Contribution margin in the quarter was 50%, consistent with typical seasonality. We held 11 destination conferences in the quarter, all in person. For the full year 2023, we delivered an all-time high revenue of $505 million, which was an increase of 30% on a reported basis and 29% FX neutral. Gross contribution margin was 50%. Fourth quarter consulting revenues were $128 million compared with $138 million in 2022 when we saw a record performance in the Contract Optimization business. Consulting contribution margin was 27% in the fourth quarter, affected by revenue mix and growth hiring. Labor-based revenues were $99 million, up 3% versus Q4 of last year as reported and on an FX-neutral basis. Backlog at December 31 was $162 million, increasing 21% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis with continued booking strength. We delivered $29 million of Contract Optimization revenue in the quarter. This part of our business is highly variable. For the second half of 2023, revenues were $62 million, up from the second half of 2022 when we delivered our largest ever quarter in Q4. Full year Consulting revenue was up 7% on a reported basis and 8% FX-neutral. Gross contribution margin was 35% compared to 39% in 2022. Consolidated cost of services increased 11% year-over-year in the fourth quarter as reported and 10% on an FX-neutral basis. The biggest driver of the increase was higher headcount to support our future growth. SG&A increased 9% year-over-year in the fourth quarter as reported and 8% on an FX-neutral basis. SG&A increased in the quarter as a result of headcount growth. EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $386 million compared to $421 million last year. Fourth quarter EBITDA upside to our guidance primarily reflected disciplined expense management. EBITDA for the full year was almost $1.5 billion, a 1% increase over 2022 on a reported basis and up 2% FX-neutral. Depreciation in the quarter of $26 million was up modestly compared to 2022. Net interest expense, excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter was $19 million. This was down $9 million versus the fourth quarter of 2022 due to higher interest income on our cash balances. The modest floating rate debt we have is fully hedged through maturity. The Q4 adjusted tax rate, which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income was 24% for the quarter. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was 15% for the quarter. The full year tax rate for the calculation of adjusted net income was 22%. Adjusted EPS in Q4 was $3.04 compared with $3.70 last year. We had 79 million shares outstanding in the fourth quarter. This is a reduction of about 1 million shares or about 1% year-over-year. We exited the fourth quarter with about 79 million shares on an unweighted basis. For the full year, adjusted EPS was $11.33, up modestly from 2022. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $224 million, up 10% compared to last year. CapEx for the quarter was $28 million, down $4 million as a result of catch-up spend on technology investments in 2022, which normalize this year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $196 million, up 19% compared to last year. Free cash flow for the full year was almost $1.1 billion, a 6% increase versus 2022. Free cash flow on a rolling four quarter basis was 18% of revenue and 71% of EBITDA. Adjusting for the Q1 divestiture, the full year free cash flow conversion from GAAP net income would have been 138%. Our free cash flow conversion is generally higher when CV growth is accelerating. We have a new slide in the earnings supplement, which shows the conversion from both EBITDA and GAAP net income to free cash flow on a rolling four quarter basis. The past 2 years have had some unusual items affecting the conversion, including insurance proceeds related to pandemic conference cancellations and the 2023 divestiture. We expect about a 4 to 6 point difference between EBITDA margin and free cash flow margins in a typical year. The normal free cash flow conversion from GAAP net income is 140% to 160%. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had about $1.3 billion of cash. Our December 31 debt balance was about $2.5 billion. Our reported gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA was under two times. Our expected free cash flow generation, available revolver and excess cash remaining on the balance sheet provide ample liquidity to deliver on our capital allocation strategy of share repurchases and strategic tuck-in M&A. Our balance sheet is very strong with $2.3 billion of liquidity, low levels of leverage and effectively fixed interest rates. We repurchased $158 million of stock during the fourth quarter and more than $600 million for the full year. At the end of December, we had about $1 billion of authorization for repurchases remaining, and we expect the Board will continue to refresh the repurchase authorization going forward. As we continue to repurchase shares, our capital base will shrink. Over time, this is accretive to earnings per share and combined with growing profits also delivers increasing returns on invested capital. Before providing the 2024 guidance details, I want to discuss our base level assumptions and planning philosophy for 2024. For research, we continue to innovate and provide a very compelling value proposition for clients and prospects. Executives and their teams face uncertainty and challenges, and they recognize how Gartner can help regardless of the economic environment. The outlook for 2024 research revenue growth is a function of three primary factors: first, 2023 ending contract value; second, the timing of growth bottoming and the slope of the reacceleration, and third, the performance of nonsubscription revenue. Starting with the research subscription revenue, which was 76% of 2023 consolidated revenue. Our guidance reflects CV bottoming and reaccelerating during 2024. First quarter and first half NCVI are important inputs to calendar 2024 revenue growth. We have taken a prudent view of NCVI phasing because Q1 is a seasonally important quarter for tech vendor renewals. With the majority of our contracts being multiyear, some haven't come up for renewal during the tech sector's recalibration. And research subscription revenue will likely bottom about one quarter after contract value growth bottoms. If new business continues to perform well and retention is better than we've incorporated into the plan, there would be upside to our guidance. The nonsubscription revenue was about 6% of consolidated revenue in 2023. In this part of the business, we help small business buyers find the best software for their needs and help sellers find customers. This adds a lot of tangible value for both groups. The outlook built into the 2024 guidance reflects a shift to higher-quality traffic sources. As I mentioned, this affects revenue in the short term, but we expect it to drive higher prices and increased revenue over time. For conferences, which was about 9% of 2023 revenue, we are basing our guidance on the 51 in-person destination conferences we have planned for 2024. We expect similar seasonality to what we saw in 2023, with Q4 the largest quarter, followed by Q2. We have very good visibility into 2024 revenue with the majority of what we've guided already under contract. This is consistent with last year and ahead of historical levels. For consulting, which was also about 9% of 2023 revenue, we have more visibility into the first half based on the composition of our backlog and pipeline as usual. Contract optimization has had several very strong years. It's also seasonally slower in the first quarter and remains highly variable. We've incorporated a prudent outlook for this part of the segment. We remain focused on aligning expense growth with CV growth. This is the best way for us to balance short-term margins while investing for long-term sustained double-digit growth. Our base level assumptions for consolidated expenses reflect a more typical cadence than we've seen in a while. We are investing for future growth even as we have taken a prudent view of the timing of revenue flowing into the P&L. We recommend thinking about expenses sequentially with notable seasonality driven by the conferences calendar and merit increases. Our plan for mid to high single-digit sales headcount growth for 2024 reflects our commitment to invest for future growth while delivering on our margin targets. We have the recruiting capacity to go faster depending on how the year plays out, and we have other levers like increased tenure to support CV growth in 2024. At current rates, FX will be approximately neutral to growth for the full year. Our guidance for 2024 is as follows, we expect research revenue of at least $5.15 billion, which is FX-neutral growth of about 5%. The research revenue guidance reflects a prudent plan for NCVI performance and the recalibration of nonsubscription part of the business. The guidance reflects subscription revenue growth in the high single digits. We expect conferences revenue of at least $560 million, which is FX-neutral growth of about 10%. We expect consulting revenue of at least $530 million, which is growth of about 3% FX-neutral. The result is an outlook for consolidated revenue of at least $6.24 billion, which is FX-neutral growth of 5%. We expect full year EBITDA of at least $1.435 billion, which results in an EBITDA margin of at least 23%. We expect 2024 adjusted EPS of at least $10.55 per share. For 2024, we expect free cash flow of at least $1.065 billion. This reflects a conversion from GAAP net income of above 140%. Our guidance is based on 79 million shares, which only assumes repurchases to offset dilution. Finally, for the first quarter of 2024, we expect to deliver EBITDA of at least $335 million. We performed well this year despite continuing global macro uncertainty and a dynamic tech vendor market. Global CV grew high single digits in the quarter with enterprise function leaders CV growing double digits. Revenue, EBITDA and EPS performance exceeded our expectations, and we introduced achievable guidance with opportunity for upside. We repurchased more than $600 million in stock during 2023 and more than $3 billion in the past 3 years. We remain eager to return excess capital to our shareholders. We will continue to be price sensitive, opportunistic and disciplined. Looking out over the medium term, our financial model and expectations are unchanged. With 12% to 16% research CV growth, we will deliver double-digit revenue growth. With gross margin expansion, sales costs growing about in line with CV growth and G&A leverage, we will expand EBITDA margins modestly over time. We can grow free cash flow at least as fast as EBITDA because of our modest CapEx needs and the benefits of our clients paying us upfront. And we'll continue to deploy our capital on share repurchases, which lower the share count over time and on strategic value-enhancing tuck-in M&A. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Than for. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler with Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeff Meuler: Yeah, thank you. Just want to dig in first. I know it's not a huge business, but on the research nonsubscription headwinds and need for recalibration. I know it's been weak all year, but I was interpreting that previously more is like cyclical headwinds. And now it seems like you're responding more operationally to drive higher quality traffic. So just I guess, I don't know if there was like a business review or, I guess, the why now in terms of cyclicality of the business versus where there's an opportunity for operational improvement?
Craig Safian: Hey. Good morning, Jeff. Thanks for the question. I'll give it a start, and then Gene will chime in as well. I think starting with the facts, the nonsubscription part of the business was about 6% of 2023 revenue. Obviously, we have had the tech market pressure for the full year. And the way that mostly manifested itself through our results was real pressure on pricing throughout the full year. And we saw that. We adjusted coming out of Q2 earnings. And the good news is pricing has been roughly stable since we made that adjustment. In Q4, though, one of the things we're always focused on is making sure that we are providing the highest value to both sides of the equation. And with these offerings, we are essentially - small business buyers are coming to our site to learn more about what software to buy, and we actually help them with reviews and ratings and research and things of that nature. And then we're matching them to the sellers. And again, so tangible value, as we mentioned, on both sides of the equation. We're always focused on driving even more value for our clients. And so one of the things we've done is really shift our focus and prioritization to higher-quality forms of traffic. And again, short-term impact on revenues. But over the long term, we think this is good for clients on both sides of the equation will drive higher pricing over time, which will drive higher revenue, which is good for everybody. But one thing I would say just about the guidance is we've modeled in the real focus on higher quality traffic. We have not modeled in any real uptick in the pricing. Again, over the long term, we expect that to happen. We did not want to model that in, so we actually see that manifesting itself in reality.
Jeff Meuler: Okay. And then I hear you loud and clear on the better tech vendor, new business sold trends. Maybe talk through more on the retention for tech vendor, just like how you're thinking about the tail that has not yet renewed in a more difficult environment? Or just what's the typical lag time from when you've seen prior inflections in new business, like how long it kind of takes for the retention trend to similarly improved?
Gene Hall: Hi, Jeff, it's Gene. So one - the biggest issue we have is in the small tech vendors and a lot of the small tech vendors are in markets that have changed and they have difficulty getting funding now. And for those vendors, if they signed a 2 or 3 or multiyear a year or 2 ago, when that comes up for renewal, they don't have any funding. In fact, in many cases, they're out of business. And so what's happening there is that that's our biggest drag in the tech sector in terms of retention. The larger companies, as you've seen, are still laying off tens of thousands of people. And so they haven't finished restructuring. As we mentioned, overall new business is up in the tech sector, mid-single digits. And so we're thinking that's a leading indicator that retention will follow once we work through  work our way through these - particularly these companies that have gone out of business since they signed the agreement and today. And by the way, that's a very still a very robust business. It's just a different side of companies now that are getting funding, big [ph] AI.
Jeff Meuler: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Toni Kaplan: Thank you. Actually, maybe following on a similar line to the last question. The commentary around new business in the prepared remarks, and this is beyond tech vendors. So just in general, the enterprise new business sounded very good, even the tech vendor improvement in new business sounded good. Just wanted to understand if there was anything that could - that is a risk to that sort of starting to flow through contract value in the next few quarters? And how quickly you could expect to see sort of that shift in contract value? I know you mentioned in the prepared remarks that you're expecting an inflection this year? Thanks.
Craig Safian: Good morning, Toni. Thanks for the question. Just to lay out the facts. So to your point, GTS, the HT vendor part of the business, new business grew at high single-digit rates. The end user or enterprise function leader part of GTS grew new business mid-teens year-over-year, and GBS was up 13% over prior year on new business. So we actually saw a pretty strong new business results across all of the markets we sell into in the fourth quarter. And as we mentioned, we view new business as a real leading indicator for what's happening in the market in the moment, so to speak. And so again, we saw a modest improvement in new business from Q2, Q3. That continued from Q3 to Q4 with tech vendor actually growing for the first time in 2023 in the fourth quarter. As you know, NCVI and CV growth are a function of the combination of new business and retention. And as we talked about in our prepared remarks and also in response to Jeff's question, there's still a lot of pressure and Gene alluded to this as well. Still a lot of pressure on retention in the small tech vendor part of the market. And we still have a lot of renewals that haven't been touched or coming renewals that haven't been touched since the tech sector really started to recalibrate, call it third, fourth quarter of 2022. So still a little bit of retention pressure. However, new business, we definitely view as a leading indicator. Again, that's part of what gives us confidence to say that we expect CV to bottom during 2024 and start to reaccelerate during 2024 as well.
Toni Kaplan: Makes a lot of sense. And then just for a follow-up, I wanted to ask about headcount. The - I guess, what are your expectations for headcount growth in '24? And just wanted to understand a little bit more about - it seems like headcount growth has been slowing the last two quarters to like below normal levels. I know there was a catch-up in sort of the prior year and earlier in '23. So I guess, is the slower headcount sort of helping manage margin? Or is it, I guess, an indicator that there's - I don't think you're saying there's less opportunity, but just wanted to understand the sort of below normal headcount growth levels that we're seeing now?
Gene Hall: So Toni, we look at it as there's a very enormous market opportunity. We intend to capture that market opportunity over the next many years. Part of our core strategy to protect that opportunity is growing our headcount to capture it. But headcount growth is going to be faster or slower depending on the actual kind of selling capacity of the team we have. And right now, we believe we have a lot of selling capacity embedded actually in the capacity we have today. Over time, though, that's going to grow as we grow our business.
Craig Safian: And as we mentioned during our prepared remarks, we've actually got dialed into our plan, combination GTS, GBS, quarter-bearing headcount growth of mid to high single digits. And as always, we're prepared to go faster. As both Gene and I mentioned, we have recruitment capacity to go faster if we want to. And so we've got dialed in mid to high single-digit growth in GTS and GBS, quota-bearing head count, and we can go faster if we see that rebound coming faster as well.
Toni Kaplan: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Heather Balsky with Bank of America. Your line is now open. Heather, your line is open. Please check your mute button.
Heather Balsky: Hi. I was muted. Sorry about that. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to go back to the renewals on the tech vendor side and just ask you, are there any - I mean, obviously, if companies are going under, there's nothing you can control there. But what you can do on that front? And can you help us put in perspective how material the wave of renewals are? I know that something investors have been curious about.
Gene Hall: Again, if you look at the larger companies in the market, renewals are going kind of normally - it's a little slower than usual because, again, they're laying off tens of thousands of people. We expect that will change. There's plenty of demand. Again, we expect global IT spending issue to grow by 7% to almost $5 trillion. So there's plenty of demand there. We expect over time that will normalize. And so the real issue on retention is these very small tech vendors which are, over time, a great market for us, but there's a shift going on now from what used to get funding through now. What does get funding is, as I mentioned, there's a real focus on AI. And so those companies that are in less popular segments for funding these days can't get funding and if they haven't as successful commercially, they either get acquired or go out of business, in which case our retention affects our retention.
Craig Safian: And the other thing I'd add, Heather, just on the larger tech clients, typically, what we see is a combination of maybe modestly less growth than we would normally buy or normally see through renewal cycles or modest cuts reduction to spend, but they maintain a pretty significant Gartner presence always. And what we then do is make sure that we are there to win back that business and it actually does help drive the growth coming out of tougher macro environment. And that's sort of what we've always seen in some macro environments, tech vendor or otherwise, where we'll take some mix from a retention perspective, but stay embedded, still delivering huge value to our clients and then win back and grow that business over the long term.
Heather Balsky: And then just kind of asking another version of probably something you've already said and the same question, but you were talking about CV on the tech vendor side normalizing. Last quarter, you talked about normalizing over 12 to 18 months. Is that still your outlook based on what you saw in the fourth quarter, how are you thinking about that?
Gene Hall: So our long-term view on this segment of the business is unchanged. We believe it can grow in line with our medium-term objectives. We still believe that we are going to see reacceleration of this business over time. Whether it's 9 to 15 months or 12 to 18 or 24, it will be in that range that we actually see that reacceleration. But we - the market here is still really strong. Our offerings still drive really huge value for our clients in this segment. And over the medium term, there's no reason why this can't get back to 12% to 16% growth, consistent with our medium-term objective for the strong [ph] business.
Heather Balsky: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Seth Weber: Hey guys. Good morning. I think maybe first, just a clarification. When you talk about your research revenue guide, I think backing into it, it kind of implies a nonsubscription revenue growth of down - like down low double digits. Is that the right way to think about what's baked into your model?
Gene Hall: Yes, that is the correct math, Seth. You got it.
Seth Weber: Okay. Thank you. And then just on the strong new business wins, can you just frame that a little bit? I mean, is that a function of comps are easier productivity is better? Or are you actually seeing or hearing better sentiment from your customers? Is - are the sales cycles getting shorter? It just seems like the new business wins are just really strong, and I'm just trying to tie all these things together with your guidance. Thanks.
Gene Hall: Yes. So first I'd say is we have a strong value proposition. And so when clients see the value they get from our offerings, they want to buy it. So that's fundamentally what's driving demand. And on top of that, we're always focused on things that impact sales productivity. And there's things that - and it's things like the tools that we give them, the process we have. And then as Craig mentioned in his remarks, tenure can affect you as well, we're having modest improvements in tenure as well. And so - but the fundamental thing that's driving it is really intrinsic demand for clients because they have the need for our services to get a lot of value out of them.
Seth Weber: Right. But has sentiment - has customer sentiment changed at all over the last quarter? Has it gotten better? Or have the sales cycles changed? Or anything you'd call out for the acceleration of new business wins here?
Gene Hall: I'd say the sort of selling environment modestly improved throughout 2023.
Seth Weber: Okay. All right. Thank you, guys. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Nicholas with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Andrew Nicholas: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to touch on artificial intelligence as a driver of new business. I realize it was one of the topics Gene that you outlined at the front. Just kind of curious, is there any way to kind of quantify or maybe even subjectively talk about AI as a driver of new business, cross-sell, new conversations with clients. I understand it's part of an ever-evolving tech landscape, but I'm just wondering if there's been any boost or notable boost from that topic specifically as it relates to new client wins or new business?
Craig Safian: Yes. So Andrew, our - we serve clients in a wide variety of areas, as you know, and they get value of all those areas. AI has had a lot of publicity over the last year. And so there is - throughout the media, et cetera. And so the - there is an unusually high level of interest in understanding what AI is and how it could affect our clients' businesses. I'd say it's just like the other things that we help our clients with. It's not something that's causing like an extra 20% of demand or something. It's an area that is one of the things we cover that clients have interest in, just clients that have cost problems, maybe have some cost optimization as opposed to AI. So it kind of depends on the situation of individual clients, but it's certainly an area of robust demand.
Andrew Nicholas: Great. And then for my follow-up, I just wanted to hone in on the CV growth bottoming part of your guidance. I recognize that first quarter and first half NCVI are important inputs and you've been conservative. Gene, I think in the press release, you said that you had an opportunity for upside and that guidance was achievable across a wide range of economic scenarios. So just trying to putting all these pieces together, is it fair for us to assume that CV growth is bottoming in the second half in your guidance? And then upside would be from that happening earlier? Or is there some other way for us to think about the underlying assumptions there? Thank you.
Gene Hall: Yes. Good morning, Andrew. I think the way to think about the CV and the revenue, and obviously, our revenue guide for the research segment and the subscription revenue piece. The revenue is always going to lag the contract value recovery. And on top of that, as you know, first half changes to NCVI are going to have a bigger impact on the 2024 revenue runout than big step-ups in Q3 or Q4, which are great and drive great cash flow and will drive future revenue but have minimal impacts on 2024 revenue. So we're not guiding to a revenue  our CV number for the year nor are we pointing to specifically where the bottom is, but we have baked into our outlook, a bottoming of that CV and a reacceleration of that CV over the course of - over the course of 2024.
Andrew Nicholas: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Brendan on for Manav. I just want to ask how you guys think about getting back to double-digit CV growth. Obviously, if your  your QBH is mid to high single digit. Your new business is still pretty strong. So it seems like really it's just like a wallet retention, higher cancellation issue for now. Is it just that, that kind of goes away over time? Or do you actually expect even more kind of new business productivity, if you will, from QBH or I guess, how do you guys think about that?
Gene Hall: Good morning, Brendan. I mean, the biggest thing impacting contract value and contract value growth right now is the tech vendor part of the business. And so as we mentioned, the enterprise function leader part of our business grew at double-digit growth rates in the fourth quarter and actually has been a consistent double-digit grower through the course of 2023. And so if you look at that 7.7% overall contract value growth, the reality is the enterprise function leader portion of the business, which is more than 75% of total CV is growing at double-digit growth rates. And the tech vendor portion of the business, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, was essentially flat for the year. And so as we start to see a reacceleration of the tech vendor business, which again is a little less than 25% of total CV. That obviously has an impact on the overall CV growth. The other piece that I think is obviously super important is we caught up on our hiring quite a bit over the course of 2022. And so what that meant is over the course of 2023, we had a lot of people very early in their Gartner sales careers. And as you know, as people come up with tenure curve, their productivity increases. And so we feel confident that we've got enough capacity from a selling perspective heading into 2024, given the combination of tech sector rebound and probably more importantly, our salespeople coming up the tenure curve, that should provide the right amount of fuel, if you will, to drive contract value growth in 2024, and we're growing our GTS/GBS headcount mid to high single digits during 2024. And that's really about accelerating and sustaining that growth as we roll into 2025 and 2026.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just any callouts or growth rates you can give us within GBS? Obviously, it's still performing pretty well. So just anything - any other color you can give us?
Gene Hall: Yes. I mean it's still 12.9% or 13% year-over-year growth on a bigger base. And so getting bigger and bigger and sustaining growth within our medium-term objective for the segment. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, supply chain, legal, and HR are the three fastest-growing pieces of the segment. But obviously, all pieces have to be growing nicely for us to register a 13% year-over-year CV growth.
Unidentified Analyst: All right, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Chan with UBS. Your line is now open.
Josh Chan: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I know that you don't guide to CV trajectory or NCVI, but I guess it sounds like you are emphasizing more the tech vendor renewal dynamic here. So I guess, are we to interpret that as there being more of an impact of that on Q1 than normal. Could you just kind of explain the rationale behind calling that specific dynamic out the way you did?
Gene Hall: Yes. Good morning, Josh. Thanks for the question. So we're always looking at the skew of contract end dates and contract value associated with that. And as we've talked about in the past, generally speaking, we're pretty evenly skewed across the year. This year, we actually have a little bit of a bubble and not a huge one, but just a little bit more than average in - with our tech vendor clients in the first quarter. And so you may have heard us use the word prudent several times during our prepared remarks. We just want to make sure that our guidance reflects our most recent performance and what we know about the next couple of quarters coming up. And so we've taken a prudent view on our first half NCVI to take that into account. That said, again, I'll reiterate, we do expect CV growth overall to bottom during 2024 and begin to reaccelerate with - even with that first quarter focus on tech vendor renewals.
Josh Chan: Okay. I appreciate the color there. That's really helpful. And if I can shift over to margins. Could you talk about the different drivers of margin year-over-year? I mean, you have positive revenue growth, you have reaccelerating CV, the cost structure seems to be in a good spot. So are there more margin pluses and minuses? And how does that reconcile with the guidance? Thank you.
Craig Safian: Sure. Thanks, Josh. The simplest way to think about it is that with our targeted headcount growth in GTS and GBS of mid to high single digits. And think about that, not the only place that we're actually growing but growing a little bit elsewhere, combined with normal merit and wage inflation, combined with a growing conferences business. If you look at the implied operating expense in the guidance, it's up about 8% or 9% year-over-year, which aligns with the headcount growth and the conference growth that we've got dialed into the guidance. And so as we mentioned, a much more "normal" cadence of operating expense in 2024 as compared to prior years where we fell behind and we're catching up, et cetera, et cetera. So a much more normal quarter-to-quarter build of our operating expense. We are - the biggest thing that drives our revenue for 2024 is the ending contract value for 2023. And obviously, as we talked about on Andrew's question, the revenue will lag the recovery in contract value. And so the reality is - and again, we've been not guiding, but pointing this way for the last several quarters that this was going to be the reality for 2024, which is we're going to get back on our normal cadence of investing for the future and growing our sales force and growing other areas. We are dealing with the CV deceleration through 2023. And obviously, that has an impact on 2024 revenues. Obviously, the nonsubscription revenue performance also mutes the overall revenue as well as does the consulting growth rate, which, while still within our medium-term guidance, given we had such a strong year in contract optimization, we're being thoughtful about the growth rates there. And so it's a little bit of all of those factors impacting the top line with what I would consider "normal operating expense growth baked into the 2024 guide.
Josh Chan: Perfect. Thanks for the color, Craig. And thanks both for your time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Surinder Thind with Jefferies LLC. Your line is now open.
Surinder Thind: Thank you. Just taking a step back, if we look at the big picture and what I would call the relative strength of the economy, why do you think the clients on the tech side aren't spending more at this point? And I guess in your conversations, what would get them to commit? Like what are they looking for at this point?
Craig Safian: So Surinder, on the tech side, I think it's really the realcali - so it's a combination of the recalibration of that market. And also when I say recalibration down to the things Gene was talking about, where we actually have a really healthy business on the small end of tech, and there is funding flowing, but it's not flowing to the same places that it may have been a year or 2 or 3 ago. And so we're just dealing with that. And again, we're going after the opportunities where the money is or we're fishing where the fish are. But as you've seen, there are still large tech sector layoffs happening a year or almost even 15 months since they began and selling into that environment when they're in the process of cutting tens of thousands of jobs is a little more challenging than it would be if they had completely recalibrated. So I think we're still in - we're still driving huge value for the clients. They're still very important clients for us. We're going to be there to help them as they rebound and come through the recalibration. It's just going to take a little bit of time, but we're confident in the value we provide. We're confident, as I mentioned earlier, in the long-term or medium-term growth prospects for this part of the business. But the fact is they are still significantly recalibrating and we are along for that ride, so to speak.
Gene Hall: And just to add a little bit..
Craig Safian: Please continue.
Gene Hall: When you're selling into a company that is actively making layoffs, the attention of people's focus on who they're going to lay off or whether, in fact, they're going to get laid off. And so it takes a little while - that's a much tougher - that's kind of the toughest selling environment. They'll get through that, and it will return to normal. That's the larger end. And then on the small end, Craig described very well.
Surinder Thind: Got it. And then I guess if we think about that or advance that line of thinking, so as you kind of more broadly think about the business and all of these clients that you serve, so is there arguably more, I guess, cyclicality or potential volatility today in your business than maybe in prior cycles, maybe the reason being that there's more PE, VC-backed firms now that they're just a larger part of the ecosystem. So they're just more willing to make quicker strategic pivots or spending decision changes or other things. Is there something structural perhaps that we should be aware of, or at least we should be thinking about?
Gene Hall: So our perspective is there's nothing structural about it. What happened was during the pandemic, there was a pull forward of tech spending. In fact, many of the tech companies, probably most of them assume that was going to last forever, turned out it was just a pull forward. Now they're just adjusting to getting back to normal. And it's as simple as that. So unless pandemics become cyclical, I think we're in pretty good shape.
Craig Safian: Yes. I also think, Surinder, just to sort of underscore that point. When we talk about the overall business or market opportunity, I'll focus on the market opportunity. So roughly $200 billion market opportunity. $190 billion of that is outside of the tech vendor opportunity. So we remain very focused on that big prize of $190-plus billion market opportunity serving enterprise function leaders across GTS and GBS. And again, we're confident that the tech vendor market is a really strong market. But the reality is $190 million on that $200 billion market opportunity is the enterprise function leader opportunity.
Surinder Thind: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jeff Silber: Thanks. I know it's late. I'll just ask one though, it's multi part. Can we talk about the pricing environment? Can you just remind us what price increases you put in for this year? Are you getting any pushback? And others in the space have been providing some breaks for extending the length of the term? Is that something you're doing as well? Thanks.
Gene Hall: Hey. Good morning, Jeff. Thanks for the quick question. On the pricing side, we're a little over 4%. We did our price increase in November of this year, which is when we typically do it. A little bit lower than what we did in '21 and '22, largely because we've seen inflation come down a little bit, most importantly, wage inflation come down a little bit. And so we're in that around 4%, a little bit more than 4%. I think clients, by and large, are not pushing back on it. Again, remember, the average spend per client is order of magnitude, $250,000. So the difference between a 3% or 4% increase is pretty de minimis. And again, and we're very focused on making sure that our products and services have incremental value each and every year. And we're continuing to sell with our upfront invoicing and a real focus on that. We're continuing to sell more and more multiyear contracts with our focus on that. And so I'd say, yes, the environment has been a little tougher, but we've been managing to stick to our guns on the things that we know drive huge economic value for the business, which is sticking to our pricing guns, not discounting, selling multiyear contracts and making sure we get the invoicing done upfront. And I think our teams have done a phenomenal job of sticking to our coordinating there.
Jeff Silber: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
George Tong: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. You mentioned 1Q tech vendor renewals are especially important because of a little bubble there. Can you help quantify that? How much concentration is there compared to other quarters in the year?
Craig Safian: Yes. I think - I mean, again, remember, our tech vendor CV is a little less than 25% of total CV. Normally, Q1 represents a little bit more than 25% of total renewals on the overall franchise. This year, with tech vendors, it's in the low to mid 30% of overall CV. So it's not a huge bubble. It's just a little bit of an overweighting more than normal in the first quarter.
George Tong: Got it. That's helpful. And then you're guiding to EBITDA margins of 23% for the year. What do you see as the major driver of potential upside to that target?
Craig Safian: I think at this point, George, it's revenue upside will drive the biggest potential for margin upside from that 23%. As we've talked about - I can't remember whose question it was, I think it was Josh's question, the OpEx is - again, forgive me for using this term, more normal than it has been for the last few years. We're back on our territory growth planning. We're back on our more normal merit increases kicking in on April 1. And so I feel really - we feel really good about the OpEx plan we got. And so I think revenue upside across the various business lines would be the place that could potentially unlock a little bit of margin upside. That said, if we are doing better from a revenue perspective, and again, Gene and I both alluded to this, we've got recruitment capacity to go faster. And so we want to make sure that not only are we doing well in 2024 that we are setting ourselves up to continue to perform really strongly in '25 and '26. And so if we have the opportunity to go a little bit faster on GTS and GBS headcount growth, we're going to take that opportunity for sure.
George Tong: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to hand the call back over to Gene Hall for closing remarks.
Gene Hall: So here are the takeaways for today's call. Gartner drove another strong performance in Q4. We deliver incredible value, whether our clients are struggling, thriving or anywhere in between. We're exceptionally agile and continuously adapt to the changing world, and we know the right things to do to be successful in any environment. Looking ahead, we're well positioned to continue our sustained record of success far into the future. Our client value proposition and addressable market opportunity will allow us to drive long-term sustained double-digit revenue growth. We expect margins will expand modestly over time, and we generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income. As we invest for future growth, we'll return significant levels of excess capital to our shareholders. This reduces shares outstanding and increases returns over time. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-03 08:00:00) =====
David Cohen : Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. I'm David Cohen, SVP of Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions]. After comments by Gene Hall, Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, and Craig Safian, Gartner's Chief Financial Officer, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. This call will include a discussion of third quarter 2023 financial results and Gartner's outlook for 2023 as disclosed in today's earnings release and earnings supplement, both posted to our website investor.gartner.com. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, with the adjustments as described in our earnings release and supplement. Our contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2023 foreign exchange rates and exclude contributions related to the first quarter divestiture and the 2022 Russia exit. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX neutral, unless stated otherwise. All references to share counts are for fully diluted weighted average share counts unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2022 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. Gartner drove another strong performance in Q3. We delivered high signal digit growth in contract value, revenue, EBITDA, and adjusted EPS came in above expectations. Free cash flow in the quarter was excellent. The external environment remains volatile and uncertain. The tech sector is still adjusting to post pandemic demand. The banking industry continues to grapple with rising interest rates. Supply chain challenges are still impacting many industries. There's heightened geopolitical volatility and more. Leaders know they need help and they know Gartner is the best source for that help.  Gartner delivers actionable objective insight that smarter decisions and stronger performance on our client's mission critical priorities. Whether they're thriving, struggling, or anywhere in between. Our insights, tools and advice often mean the difference between success and failure for leaders and the enterprises they serve. We continue to be agile and adapt to the changing environment. Research continues to be our largest and most profitable segment. We guide leaders across all major enterprise functions in every industry around the world. Our market opportunity is vast, across all sectors, sizes and geographies.  We estimate our opportunity at around $200 billion. In the third quarter, we continue to help clients with a wide range of topics such as cybersecurity, data analytics, artificial intelligence, remote work, cost optimization, and more. In the third quarter, research revenue grew 5%. Subscription revenue grew 8% on an organic basis, 20 contract value growth was 8%. Contract value for enterprise function leaders continue to grow at double digit rates.  We serve executives and their teams through distinct sales channels, global technology sales, or GTS source leaders and their teams within IT. GTS also source leaders at technology vendors, including CEOs, Chief Marketing Officers, and Senior Product Leaders. GTS contract valued grew 7%. GTS sales to enterprise function leaders performed well in the quarter. GTS sales to leaders at technology vendors were affected by technology sector dynamics and tough year over year comparisons.  We expect sales to technology vendors will return to normal growth rates over the next 12 months to 18 months. Global business sales or GBS serve leaders in their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, marketing, sales, legal and more. GBS contract value grew 14%. Through a relentless execution of proven practices, we're able to deliver unparalleled value to our clients. Our business remains resilient despite a persistent, complicated external environment and tough compares for the technology vendor market.  Gartner conferences deliver extraordinarily valuable insights to an engaged and qualified audience. This will be the first full year of in-person conferences since 2019. We're having a great year. In-person attendance and advanced bookings are at record levels. The fourth quarter is off to a great start and our outlook for the year remains strong.  IT Symposium Expo is our flagship conference series. I recently attended this conference in Orlando. Attendance was strong. Our sales teams were highly engaged with clients and prospects, and feedback from the conference continues to be excellent. Gartner consulting is an extension of Gartner Research. Consulting helps clients execute their most strategic initiatives through deeper extended project-based work.  Consulting is an important complement to our IT research business. Consulting revenue grew 23% in the third quarter with record results and contract optimization. Given the strong performances across our business, we've increased our 2023 guidance for revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow. Greg will take you through the details.  We're well positioned to have strong close to the year and get off to a fast start in 2024. In closing, Gartner achieved another strong quarter of growth. We deliver unparalleled value to enterprise leaders and their teams across every major function, whether they're thriving, struggling, or anywhere in between. We're essentially agile and continuously adapt to the changing world. We know the right things to do to be successful in any environment. Looking ahead, we are well-positioned to continue our strong record of success far into the future.  Our client value proposition and addressable market opportunity will allow us to drive long-term, sustained, double-digit revenue growth. We would fit margins will expand modestly over time, and we generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income. Even as we invest for future growth, we will return significant levels of excess capital to our shareholders. This reduces shares outstanding and increases returns overtime. With that, I will hand the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian.
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene, and good morning. Third quarter results were strong with high single-digit growth in contract value. Revenue, EBITDA, adjusted EPS and free cash flow were better-than-expected with outstanding performance in consulting and disciplined cost management. With strong results in the quarter and good visibility into Q4, we are increasing our 2023 guidance. Third quarter revenue was $1.4 billion, up 6% year-over-year as reported and 5% FX neutral. In addition, total contribution margin was 68%, compared to 69% in the prior year, as the 2022 hiring catch-up continue to flow through the P&L as expected. EBITDA was $333 million ahead of our guidance and about inline with last year. Adjusted EPS was $2.56, up 6% from Q3 of last year. And free cash flow was $302 million. We have finished the quarter with 20,253 associates, up 6% from the prior year and 1% from the end of the second quarter. We remain well-positioned from a talent perspective, as our associates continue to move up the tenure curve. Research revenue in the third quarter grew 6% year-over-year as reported and 5% on an FX neutral basis. Subscription revenue grew 8% on an organic FX neutral basis. Non-subscription revenue performance was similar to Q2. Third quarter research contribution was 73%, compared to 74% in the prior year period, as we have caught up on hiring and returned to the new expected levels of travel. Contract value or CV was $4.7 billion at the end of the third quarter, up 8% versus the prior year. The third quarter last year was a very strong research quarter with outstanding performance across most key metrics. CV growth is FX neutral and excludes the first quarter 2023 divestiture. CV from enterprise function leaders across GTS and GBS, grew at double-digit rates. New business with enterprise function leaders increased double-digits as well. CV from tech vendors grew low single-digits, compared to mid-teens growth in the third quarter of 2022. Quarterly net contract value increase or NCVI was $101 million. As we have discussed in the past, there is notable seasonality in this metric. CV growth was broad-based across practices, industry sectors, company sizes, and geographic regions. Across our combined practices, the majority of the industry sectors grew at double-digit rates, led by the transportation, services, and public sectors. We had high single-digit growth across all of our enterprise size categories other than the small category, which has the largest tech vendor mix, and grew low single-digits. We also drove double-digit or high single-digit growth in the majority of our Top 10 countries. Global Technology sales contract value was $3.6 billion at the end of the third quarter, up 7% versus the prior year. GTS CV increased $65 million from the second quarter. Wallet retention for GTS was 102% for the quarter, which compares to 107% in the prior year, when we saw a near record high for this metric.  IT Enterprise function leaders while retention remained above historical GTS levels during the third quarter. GTS new business was up 7% versus last year. New business with IT enterprise function leaders increased mid-teens compared to the prior year. GTS quota bearing headcount was up 5% year-over-year. With the dynamic territory planning we introduced a few years ago. The catch up hiring we did last year and our teams moving up the 10-year curve we're well-positioned for growth moving into 2024.  Our regular full set of GTS metrics can be found in the appendix of our earning supplement. Global business sales contract value was $1 billion at the end of the third quarter up 14% year-over-year. All of our GBS practices grew a double-digit or high single-digit rates other than sales, which grew mid-single digits. Growth was again led by supply chain and HR. GBS CV increased $36 million from the second quarter, while retention for GBS was 108% for the quarter, which compares to 114% in the prior year when we saw one of the highest ever results for this metric. GBS new business was up 10% compared to last year. GBS quota bearing headcount was up 10% year-over-year. This excludes headcount associated with the Q1 divestiture. As with GTS, our regular full set of GBS metrics can be found in the appendix of our earning supplement. Conferences revenue for the third quarter was $57 million ahead of our expectations during a seasonally small period, we delivered strong growth for the conferences we held in Q3 compared to the same conferences in 2022.  The calendar shifted significantly from 2022 to 2023 with the return to in-person. Contribution margin in the quarter was 36% consistent with typical seasonality and reflecting investments for future growth. We held nine destination conferences in the quarter, all in person. Third quarter consulting revenues increased by 24% year-over-year to $133 million. On an FX neutral basis, revenues were up 23%. Consulting contribution margin was 37% in the third quarter. Labor-based revenues were $100 million up 10% versus Q3 of last year, as reported and on an FX neutral basis. Backlog at June 30th was $180 million, increasing 15% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis with continued booking straight. Our contract optimization business is highly valuable.  We delivered $33 million of revenue in the quarter with some of the revenue pulled forward from the fourth quarter relative to our prior outlook. Consolidated cost of services increased 8% year-over-year in the third quarter as reported and 7% on an FX neutral basis. The biggest driver of the increase was higher head counts to support our future growth. SG&A increased 8% year-over-year in the third quarters reported and 7% on an FX neutral basis. SG&A increased in the quarter as a result of headcount growth.  EBITDA for the third quarter was $333 million, about in line with last year. Third quarter EBITDA upside to our guidance primarily reflected revenue exceeding our expectations in consulting and prudent expense management. Depreciation in the quarter of $25 million was up modestly compared to 2022. Net interest expense excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter was $21 million. This was down $8 million versus the third quarter of 2022 due to higher interest income on our cash balances. The modest floating rate debt we have is fully hedged through maturity. The Q3 adjusted tax rate, which we used for the calculation of adjusted debt income was 22% for the quarter. The tax rate for the item was used to adjust that income was 35% for the quarter. Adjusted EPS in Q3 was $2.56 up 6% compared with last year. We had 80 million shares outstanding in the third quarter. This is a reduction of close to 1 million shares or about 1% year over year. We exited the third quarter with about 79 million shares on an unweighted basis.  Operating cash flow for the quarter was $331 million, up to 5% compared to last year. CapEx for the quarter was $28 million, down 11% year over year as a result of catch up spend on technology investments in 2022, which normalized this year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $302 million. Free cash flow is a percent of revenue on a rolling four quarter basis was 18% of revenue and 67% of EBITDA. Adjusted for the after-tax impact of the Q1 divestiture free cash flow conversion from gap net income was 122%. Our free cash flow conversion is generally higher when CV growth is accelerating. At the end of the third quarter, we had about $1.2 billion of cash. Our September 30th debt balance was about $2.5 billion. Our reported gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA was under two times. Our expected free cash flow generation available revolver and excess cash remaining on the balance sheet provide ample liquidity to deliver on our capital allocation strategy, share repurchases, and strategic tuck-in M&A. Our balance sheet is very strong with $2.2 billion of liquidity, low levels of leverage, and effectively fixed interest rates.  We repurchase $209 million of stock during the third quarter and about $100 million in October. The board increased the authorization by $500 million earlier this week, and we expect they will continue to refresh the repurchase authorization as needed going forward. At the end of October, following the increased authorization, we had about $1 billion available for repurchases.  As we continue to repurchase shares, our capital base will shrink. Over time, this is accretive to earnings per share and combined with growing profits also delivers increasing returns on invested capital. We are raising our full-year guidance to reflect the better than expected Q3 performance and good visibility into the fourth quarter. For research, we continue to innovate and provide a very compelling value proposition for clients and prospects. Subscription research growth will reflect recent trends in contract value.  We continue to expect stronger growth from the subscription business than the non-subscription part of the segment consistent with the third quarter. For conferences, we still expect Q4 to be the largest quarter of the year. For consulting revenues, the labor business continues to perform well. We have very tough contract optimization comparisons in Q4 and pulled some revenue into Q3 relative to our prior expectations. We will continue both to manage expenses prudently to support future growth and deliver strong margins.  Our updated 2023 guidance is as follows. We expect research revenue of at least $4.875 billion, which is FX neutral growth of about 6% or 7%, excluding the Q1 divestiture. The update to the research revenue guides reflects better than planned NCVI performance in Q3 with continued stability in the non-subscription part of the business. There is modest incremental upside relative to the expectations we built into the guidance last quarter. We expect conference revenue of at least $500 million, which is FX neutral growth of about 27%. We have increased our outlook for conferences by $10 million to reflect a good start to the fourth quarter.  We expect consulting revenue of at least $550 million, which is growth of about 8% FX neutral, reflecting the very strong performance of Q3 and timing in the contract optimization business. The result is an outlook for consolidated revenue of $5.89 billion, which is FX neutral growth of 8%. We now expect full-year EBITDA of at least $1.440 billion, up $80 million from our prior guidance.  With the strong performance in Q3, we have increased confidence in the margin forecast for the fourth quarter. We expect typical operating expense seasonality from Q3 to Q4. We now expect 2023 adjusted EPS of at least $10.90 per share. For 2023, we now expect free cash flow of at least $1.025 billion, up $50 million from our prior guidance. The higher free cash flow reflects a conversion from GAAP net income of 136%, excluding the after-tax divestiture proceeds. Our guidance is based on 80 million fully diluted, weighted-average shares outstanding, which reflects the repurchases made through the end of October. We are performing well this year, despite continuing global macro uncertainty and the dynamic tech vender market. CV grew high single-digits in the quarter. Revenue and EBITDA performance exceeded our expectations, and we increased our guidance. Free cash flow was strong in the quarter, and we increased the guidance for the full year. We have repurchased about $550 million in stock year-to-date through October, and remain eager to return excess capital to our shareholders. We will continue to be disciplined, opportunistic, and price-sensitive. Looking out over the medium-term, our financial model and expectations are unchanged. With 12% to 16% research CV growth, we will deliver double-digit revenue growth. With gross margin expansion, sales costs growing in about inline with CV growth and G&A leverage, we will expand to EBITDA margins modestly over time. We can grow free cash flow at least as fast as EBITDA because of our modest CapEx needs and the benefits of our clients pay us up front. And we will continue to deploy our capital on share repurchases, which will lower the share count over time and on strategic value enhancing tuck-in M&A. With that, I will turn the call back over to the operator, and we will be happy to take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Jeff Mueller with Baird. Please proceed. Jeff, your line is open. We will certainly continue with the next question. Next question is from Heather Balsky with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Heather Balsky: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. I was hoping to ask a question about expenses management, as you look into next year, assuming that tech vendor spending to potentially start to lap with either comparison, there is an opportunity to win back those sales. Do you think you need to invest behind that, or do you think you have an opportunity with your existing salesforce? And then also just your thoughts around expense management as you head into 2024, more broadly?
Gene Hall: It is Gene. So, as we look at our market opportunities, our market opportunity is very fast. Overtime, we intend to grow our salesforce inline with capturing that market opportunity. Over the last couple of years, we have grown our sales force dramatically. And we feel like we're in a really good position as we go into the end of 23 and the 24 for the capacity we have. Again, over time we'll continue to grow that capacity. 
Heather Balsky: And so just to clarify then, when you think about the tech vendor opportunity, do you think you can win back those sales with the sales force you have that's the fair assumption. 
Gene Hall: Yes. Over time, Heather, we think that the tech vendor market will return to the kind of growth we've seen historically. Again, as we -- our perspective on it is a lot of the business they had was pulled forward, their own sales as a result they kind of overhired and have been having some retrenchment, which has in impacted our business. We think -- again, that the tech business is going to grow over time. Their revenues will grow and our business will get back to normal growth over time as well. 
Craig Safian: And Heather, its Craig. The other thing I would add is as our tech business, as the contract value growth accelerated over the last two years, we also increased the number of territories we had serving that market. And so, we did a lot of hiring across all of both GTS and GBS as Gene mentioned, over the last couple years, tech vendor market included. And so, a lot of new people joined the company in 2022 in selling positions, and they are coming up the tenure curve. And so, as we think about our territory coverage, if you will, heading into 2024 and beyond, as well as the maturation of our sales force heading into 2024, we feel like we're in a really good position to return to the kind of target growth, that we want to over the medium term. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan. 
Toni Kaplan: Thank you. I was hoping you could give us some metrics around the current average tenure of your salespeople, compared to sort of any reference point, maybe it's year-over-year or pre-pandemic or versus a historical average. Just want to get a sense of where we are now versus some historical point. Thanks. 
Craig Safian: Good morning, Toni. Thanks for the question. So, the way to think about it, is if you look at all of the net and gross ads we did in 2022, effectively when we entered this year, we had the least tenured or least experienced salesforce that we've ever had. Sort of order of magnitude. We're typically, and Gene and I have both talked about this in the past like in normal times, call it 35% to 40% of our Salesforce is on the new-ish side. We were in the 50% plus range being brand new to Gartner.  As we've made our way through this year. Obviously, all those people we hired in 2022 have gained experience and tenure. We did -- we were very backend-loaded last year in terms of the hiring. And so those people we hired in third quarter and fourth quarter of last year are now approaching or have just crossed over their one-year anniversary. And again, that's sort of getting back to Heather's question.  Gene, around, do we have enough capacity, et cetera, we have enough capacity and the tenuring will look more quote unquote normal as we roll into 2024, but significantly better than what we experienced or more tenured than we experienced over the course of 2023. 
Toni Kaplan: Yes. That makes sense. I wanted to ask about client retention. Sort of a step down in both GTS and GPS, the levels I think are still pretty within historical range, but like, I guess, is there anything you're doing to put in place initiatives to address retention? Or do you feel like you're at sort of more normal levels and I guess what's driving that? And any concern to call out? 
Craig Safian: No. So, on the GTS side, while we're still at or above historical levels, it's really tech vendor drag and it's really small tech vendor drag there. If you actually broke apart our enterprise function leader in GTS, those client retention rates are at or above your historical levels for GTS. And so, it's really just the tech vendor market impacting that client retention rate.  On the GBS side, it's down a little, but it's still 400 basis points or 500 basis points higher than GTS, and so we feel really good about that. That said, we're never done on retention. And so, I'll let Gene talk a little bit about that. 
Gene Hall : As Craig said, even with the rates we have now, we are never satisfied. And so, we have a whole set of programs designed to improve those retention rates over time. And it includes things like how we use our conferences, the as the tools, the support tools we give to our service delivery associates as well as the training we have when people first come on board, and then the current trains throughout their careers, et cetera. So, we are never satisfied with the matter no matter how good it is, we always want to be better. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Seth Weber : Good morning. I wanted to go back to the expense question just for a second. I mean, your margin guidance for this year is pretty well ahead of the initial framework that you guys were talking about earlier in the year or last year. And I'm just trying to think through, are there any big cost buckets that could come back next year? I think, Craig, you mentioned travel is kind of back T&E. So, I'm just trying to think through the margin leverage going forward in higher revenue, in a revenue growth rate environment. If there's anything we should be considering.
Craig Safian: Good morning, Seth. great question. So, I think, there's a couple things, going on within your question. So, from an operating expense perspective, we are I guess relatively back to sort of normalized level of expenses, there are obviously always going to be puts and takes, but a relatively normalized level of expenses. I would note, and this is obviously embedded in the guidance, that there's a pretty significant step up in OpEx sequentially from Q3 to Q4 just given our conference schedule our travel related to conferences in the fourth quarter, and other client activity marketing related to conferences and Q1 activity, et cetera. So, it reflects sort of a normal Q3 to Q4 step up, but just make sure you kind of bake that into the OpEx.  I think the only thing just to keep in mind is that obviously, our largest revenue line is our research. And there is a lag between when contract value does start accelerating, and when the revenue flows through. And so, we are just very mindful of watching that, and that can have a pretty significant impact on margins, on both a sequential and year-over-year basis.
Seth Weber : Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. And then it just falling on that, is there any reason to think that pricing would be softer next year than it was in 2023?
Gene Hall: It's Gene. It says what we are seeing in the marketplace is, clients value our products greatly. We expect pricing, the pricing environment will be the same next year as it is this year.
Seth Weber : Perfect. Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Comes from the line of Jeff -- from Wells Fargo. Please proceed. Jeff? 
Unidentified Analyst: Hello?
Operator: Your line is open. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you hear me now?
Operator: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you. Sorry to drag you back to it. I know you said you have sufficient sales capacity. I just want to make sure I am understanding the management of sales headcount appropriately. So, is this that you have already seen a slowing environment and you have already rebuilt your sales capacity? So, with those dynamics, you are well-calibrated? Or should we be reading into it that there's any sort of, like, incremental weakening you are seeing because we are not seeing that in any of your externally reported metrics?
Gene Hall: Yeah, Jeff. So, you should not read into it in any way that we are seeing any kind of weakening. It is what we talked about earlier, which is that we expanded our salesforce a lot over the last two years. For general GTS, it's up about 18% since the end of 2021, that's a lot of capacity. So, we have added a lot of capacity. On top of that, as Craig mentioned, a lot of those people are now coming into tenure. And so, as we look, especially for '24, we feel like we are really well-situated in terms of actual capacity between the larger number of additions we have made in the last two years and the fact that those people we come up with tenure curve and kind of being at the really, really good spot at the tenure curve during '24. And by the way, the '25 as well.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then, Craig, you just alluded to this, but, I guess, I was surprised to see subscription revenue performance as well as it did in research. And I am not sure if there is some FX impact or divestiture impact or something. But, to see it on Slide 7 actually accelerate, while CV's still been decelerating, if you can just address why research subscription revenue would be accelerating, with those dynamics.
Craig Safian: Jeff, I think there is a little bit of FX in there. Obviously, I do think, over the course of Q3, and this is part of the reason why we are able to increase the research guide a little bit too is, NCBI or growth came in earlier in the quarter than we had originally anticipated. And so again, the combination of, it if books in July, we get to take two months of it. If it books at the end of September, it's all in Q4. And so, we got a little bit of that benefit flowing through into Q3. And then, obviously, we are able to raise the full-year guide for the research segment as well because of the beating our expectations for the third quarter in NCBI.
Operator: Comes from the line of Andrew Nicholas with William Blair. Please proceed.
Andrew Nicholas: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to -- again, ask on the headcount question and maybe ask it a different way, which is given where you feel you are with headcount and territory coverage and the ramp for what was previously a lower tenured Salesforce, is it fair for us to expect next year for a bigger gap between CV growth and headcount growth than maybe the 4% to 5% that you've talked about historically as all those dynamics kind of come together? 
Craig Safian: Hey, good morning, Andrew. It's Greg. I think the way we're thinking about it again, we'll provide full guidance in February, but as we've mentioned throughout the course of this year, we are constantly recalibrating based on the external situation and how our business is performing. Looking at the headcount, sort of quarter-to-quarter, there can obviously be a little bit of noise in those numbers. And so, as Gene and I both included too, there's really nothing to see there. And as we roll into next year and beyond the algorithm that we continue to think about is we're going to grow our territories and our headcount in that kind of within four points  four points to five points of contract value growth. And the four points to five points is really dependent on what we're seeing from a wage inflation perspective.  And so, wage of inflation is abating a little bit, will be closer to CV minus four. If wage inflation is higher, it'll be CV minus five or whatever. But that's the algorithm over the long term or medium term, quarter-to-quarter it may shift a little bit just given what's going on. But over the long term, given the huge addressable market opportunity, that's the algorithm we're going to go after. 
Andrew Nicholas: Makes sense. Thank you. And then for my follow up, I just wanted to ask curious how the last year or so, given all the macro uncertainty, geopolitical dynamics, tech vendor weakness, all these different kinds of noisy items that performance and that growth has remained very strong and within your medium-term target. So, I'm just wondering if, having been through that the past couple years, if you have any kind of updated views on kind of the cyclicality of that business specifically? Because it does seem to have been more resilient than I would've expected, particularly off difficult comps last year. Thank you. 
Craig Safian : Hey, Andrew, sorry, you cut out at the very beginning. Are you talking about consulting? 
Andrew Nicholas: Sorry. No, I was asking about GBS CV growth. Just kind of the resilience of the CV growth there. 
Craig Safian : Yes, I mean, I think it is just consistent with the story, and the facts we've been telling for a while, which is business leaders, outside of IT and HR and finance and legal and sales need help on their mission critical priorities. And we have great products that offer tremendous value in that space. That's really the headline there. We've gotten better at the insights we create. We've gotten better with our selling motions. We've gotten better in everything we do. But the net of it is -- is that business leaders have problems and we have great products to help them solve those problems. And again, we believe that that won't change moving forward. 
Operator: Does that answer your question, Andrew? 
Andrew Nicholas: Yes, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question, please. And it's from the line of Josh Chan with UBS. Please proceed.
Joshua Chan : You mentioned that NCVI was better this quarter than you expected. So, is there any themes in terms of types of clients to call out and do you think that the strength is more a function of the market turning or is it your Salesforce gaining traction there? 
Gene Hall: Yeah, I guess, Josh, I'd say that we saw a pretty consistent market environment between Q2 and Q3. If we get -- a minute ago, which is that our experts look at what are the most important issues facing executives in each of their functional areas? And we have we give them advice on how to address those things that's done in all kinds of environments, whether it's a really robust environment or not as robust for that individual enterprise. And so, I think we see as just that clients give a lot of value out of our research and it's been true over time. 
Joshua Chan : Thank you for that Gene, and I guess on the consulting side, I appreciate that you mentioned there was some timing pull forward there. But do you think the contract optimization string is more a function of where we are in the cycle and clients looking to, I guess, optimize their spend? Or is that more of a kind of a one-time type of event for you? Do you expect kind of sustained strength in the contract optimization business for the next couple of quarters, I guess? 
Gene Hall: Yeah, the contract optimization business we've talked about in the past is a very lumpy business. And so, you can't really take one quarter and sort of say, and extrapolate is something different in the market, whatever. It's really just a matter of when deals happen to come in and what clients have to be looking for that point in time. And so, the only way you really look at that business is kind of like over a year-long period or something from quarter to quarter. You can't really draw any conclusions. I do think, Josh, one other thing I'd add is that clients like saving money in any operating environment. So, again, I think, it's obviously a really strong value proposition even in a not choppy economic environment. 
Operator: And it's from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed.
Manav Patnaik : Thank you. Good morning. Craig, just to ask the expense question a little differently. I mean, obviously, the seasonal tick-up going into 4Q, but if you look at the full year thus far, like has that expense base been more normal or are there any other puts and takes we need to consider as we go into next year? 
Craig Safian : Yes. Good morning, Manav. I think it is -- I would characterize it as roughly normal. I do think that as we pivot into next year we are likely to get back to a little bit faster headcount and territory growth. And so, we need to model that in. But that's probably the biggest lever on that operating expense base. Other than the timing of conferences and things like that. It is just -- as Jean mentioned earlier, we grew a lot, particularly in 2022. And so, this year we have been, we are sort of operationalizing maturing, and digesting a lot of that growth.  And so there has not been a huge amount of net headcount growth baked into the 2023 numbers. There is some, but not, as much as we have had historically. I think we get back to a more normal level of that next year. So that would have to be modeled in our normal wage inflation and merit increase, and things like that. But the other stuff is generally normal course.
Manav Patnaik : Got it. Okay. And then my second question just around the new sales environment. Obviously, fourth quarter is the big quarter. Any color on that plus, just I think the new sales numbers you gave for GTS and GBS were positive mid to high single-digits. Like, how much of that was comps versus and just talk about the momentum there, I guess.
Gene Hall: So, in terms of the selling environment, again, I think it is unchanged. We see the same selling grind sort of Q2, Q3, and we are expecting the same environment in Q4 in terms of comp outlook. Craig?
Craig Safian: Correct. And, I mean, I think you are referring to the headcount numbers. And so, I mean, GBS headcount was up 10% year-over-year. GTS up 4.5%. Again, we are constantly, as we have talked about, you are probably tired of hearing me say recalibrating those numbers around a variety of different scenarios for the end of the year. Obviously, there is only another two months left in the year. But we expect to end the year, sort of aligned from an account perspective and CV perspective. So that we roll into next year with the right size salesforce. And then we will continue to grow that salesforce moving forward to go after that huge market opportunity.
Manav Patnaik : Apologies, Craig. I was referring to the new business number, but I appreciate the headcount color as well.
Craig Safian: Okay. Great. Sorry about that. So, on the new business side, I think it is a combination of a little bit easier comps, and the maturation of the sales force, coming up tenure curve.
Manav Patnaik : Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: One moment for the next question, please. And it comes from the line of George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
George Tong: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Going back to tech vendor trends, you mentioned that, research non-subscription revenues were similar in terms of performance to 2Q, and tech vendor CV growth was in the low single-digits. Can you elaborate a little bit more on what you are seeing with tech vendors? And if you are updated 2023 guide, assumes stabilization or improvement in performance.
Gene Hall: So, I would say for Q3, we didn't see any change in the tech vendor environment, just the same as we have seen in Q2. In terms of the guidance, I will let Craig talk.
Craig Safian: I mean, I think it's stabilization, George. So, we haven't yet seen signs that market has shifted yet. We do believe, again, over the medium-term or the next year, year-and-a-half that, we will get back to more normal growth trends there, but, I would say, what we saw in Q3 and what's embedded in the guidance. And again, I mean, the reality just also remember that, contract value or growth we sell in Q4 really has almost a de minimis impact on the full-year research revenue numbers from a subscription revenue perspective. And so, stabilization baked in there and similarly on the non-sub line we have not assumed any crazy rebound, sort of what we're seeing is stabilization, and that's what we've modeled into the guidance. 
George Tong: Got it. That's helpful. And then perhaps to ask the margin question a little bit differently, you've raised your full-year guidance for EBITDA margins, once again this quarter, can you provide your latest views on what structural EBITDA margins are, and if the factors that led to your improved full-year outlook for EBITDA margins can also lead to an improved view on structural margins? 
Craig Safian: Sure. Happy to. So, I think, the view is really not changed from prior quarters and prior discussions. So, what I'd say is, our view on our margin profile today is that the base or foundational margins are in the low 20s. Obviously, that is significantly higher than they were before the pandemic and before the CEB acquisition. In addition to that, as always, we believe there is operating leverage in the business and that our margins will go higher over time. We'll give guidance in February as we always do. We talked about on some of the other OpEx questions, this year's operating expense as a reasonable starting point to think about the margins and the overall P&L for next year.  But just obviously keep in mind that there are other things beyond just the OpEx level and the level of investment we put into the business next year that will impact. The margins most notably where we end this year from a contract value perspective, because as we've talked about, there is a lag in terms of the revenue and the CV relationship, both when CV decelerating, but also when CV begins to accelerate as well. So, it does take a quarter or two for a lag for the sub-revenue to kind of catch up with the CV. And so again, just be mindful of that as you think about 2024 as well. We'll provide all those details in February when we come out with our initial guidance for 2024. 
George Tong: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question, please. And it comes from the line of Jeffrey Silber with BMO Capital Markets. 
Jeffrey Silber: Thank you, so much. I'm not going to ask a margin question. Actually, wanted to talk about pricing. If I remember correctly, this is the time of year when you start instituting price increases, and I'm just wondering how that been? If you've seen any pushback in terms of client may be pushing back on what they're buying. Thanks. 
Gene Hall : Alright, Jeff, I'll get started. Which is -- as I mentioned earlier, we haven't seen any, it is the time we increased prices. It rolls through obviously as clients renew. And I'd say it's a normal environment. We haven't seen any pushback. 
Craig Safian : Yes, I mean, Jeff, so the major price increase for us goes in went into place two days ago on November 1st. So, we're obviously very, very, very early in that cycle. But again, if you think about it, the average client is spending order of magnitude $250,000 or $260,000 a year with us. So, the difference between 4% and 5% is not a lot of money in the grand scheme of things. And again, we're very focused on making sure that we're delivering value well in excess of that $250,000 or $260,000. So, we're generally able to sell the price increase, again, sort of as a normal course of business for us. 
Jeffrey Silber: Okay. Thats helpful, appreciate. Let me shift over to conferences. I know the numbers have been strong. But typically, when we're in an environment of economic uncertainty, that area of the business might tend to be a little bit weaker. Do you think we're just seeing kind of a bounce back from the pandemic and the fact that nobody was traveling and nobody was mingling, and maybe as we go into next year, you might see some softness in that business? 
Gene Hall: So, Jeff, I think the key thing driving the business is that our clients, our enterprise functional leaders have a lot of challenges. And we've done a good job at laying out what those challenges are and how they should address them. As we market our conferences to potential attendees, we focus on here are the issues we face, and here's how we're going to help you with that. You can come to the conference. And so, I think, the biggest single thing that's driving our conference performance is that we're on the issues people care.  Our attendees have a lot of issues and we are on the, our experts have a lot of solutions to those issues that they get a lot of value from. I think that's kind of the biggest thing. In addition to that, obviously, we've been adding conferences back and so we're getting, I think some people that couldn't go to conferences in the past now can go. And so, you sort of see that in terms of comparison points, but it's really how you do more about the value. I think most of all. 
Jeffrey Silber: Okay. Thanks, so much.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes the Q&A session. I would like to turn the call over to Eugene Hall for his closing comments. 
Gene Hall: Well, here's what I'd like you to take away for today's call. Gartner drove another strong performance in Q3. We deliver unparalleled value to enterprise leaders in their teams across every major function with a thriving, struggling, or anywhere in between. We're exceptionally agile and continuously adapt to the changing world, and we know the right things to do to be successful in any environment.  Looking ahead, we're well-positioned to continue our sustained record of success far into the future. Our client value proposition and addressable market opportunity will allow us to drive long-term sustained double-digit growth. We expect margins will expand modestly over time. We generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income. Even as we invest for future growth, we'll return significant levels of excess capital, to our shareholders. This reduce the shares outstanding and increases for returns over time. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: And thank you all for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-01 08:00:00) =====
David Cohen: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. I'm David Cohen, SVP of Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions] After comments by Gene Hall, Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, and Craig Safian, Gartner's Chief Financial Officer, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. This call will include a discussion of second quarter 2023 financial results and Gartner's outlook for 2023 as disclosed in today's earnings release and earnings supplement, both posted to our site investor.gartner.com.  On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, with the adjustments as described in our earnings release and supplement. Our contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2023 foreign exchange rates and exclude contributions related to the recent first quarter divestiture and the 2022 Russia exit. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX neutral, unless stated otherwise. All references to share counts are for fully diluted weighted average share counts unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2022 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Good morning. And thanks for joining us today. Garner drove another strong performance in Q2. We delivered double-digit revenue growth and high-single digit growth in contract value. EBITDA. EBITDA margins, and adjusted EPS came in above expectations as a result of modest revenue upside and disciplined cost management. Free cash flow in the quarter was excellent.  The environment remains highly uncertain. The tech sector continues to adjust to post pandemic demand. The banking industry is grappling with rising interest rates. Many industries continue to be impacted by supply chain challenges and more.  Enterprise leaders and their teams need actionable, objective insight. Gartner is the best source for the insight, tools and advice that make the difference between success and failure for these leaders and the enterprises they serve.  We're helping our clients make better decisions, whether they're thriving or struggling or anywhere in between. We do this through consistent execution of operational best practices.  Research continues to be our largest and most profitable segment. We guide leaders across all major enterprise functions. Our market opportunity is fast across all sectors, sizes and geographies. We estimate our opportunity at around $200 billion. 95% of our addressable market is with enterprise functional leaders like chief information officers, CFOs, heads of supply chain and more. The balance of the market opportunity is with technology vendors.  In the second quarter, we helped clients with a wide range of topics, including cybersecurity, data analytics, artificial intelligence, remote work, cost optimization and more.  Research revenue grew 7% in Q2. Subscription revenue grew 9% on an organic basis. Total contract value growth was 9%. Contract value for enterprise function leaders continued to grow at double-digit rates.  We serve executives and our teams through distinct sales channels. Global technology sales or GTS stores leaders and their teams within IT. GTS also serves leaders and technology vendors, including CEOs, chief marketing officers and senior product leaders. GTS contract value grew 7%.  GTS sales to enterprise function leaders performed well in the quarter. GTS sales to leaders and technology vendors were affected by technology sector dynamics and tough year-over-year comparisons. We expect sales to technology vendors will return to our target growth rates over the medium term.  Global business sales, or GBS, serves leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, marketing, sales, legal and more. GBS contract value grew 15%.  Through relentless execution of proven practices, we're able to deliver unparalleled value to our clients. Our business remains resilient, despite a persistent complicated external environments and tough compares for the technology vendor market.  Gartner Conferences deliver extraordinarily valuable insights to an engaged and qualified audience. This will be the first full year of in-person conferences since 2019, and we're off to a great start. Attendance is strong. Exhibitor bookings are at record levels, and feedback continues to be excellent. We had a great first half and the outlook for the year is strong.  Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research. Consulting helps clients execute their most strategic initiatives through deeper, extended project-based work. Consulting is an important complement to our IT research business. Consulting revenue grew 6% in the second quarter.  We updated our 2023 guidance, increasing EBITDA and free cash flow. We've revised our non-subscription research revenue to reflect technology vendor dynamics, and our outlook for conferences is higher. Craig will take you through the details.  In closing, Gartner achieved another strong quarter of growth. We deliver unparalleled value to enterprise leaders and their teams across every major function, whether they're thriving, struggling or anywhere in between. We're exceptionally agile and continuously adapt to the changing world. We know the right things to do to be successful in any environment.  Looking ahead, we're well positioned to continue our sustained record of success far into the future. Our client value proposition and addressable market opportunity will allow us to drive long term, sustained, double-digit revenue growth. We expect margins will expand modestly over time, and we generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income.  Even as we invest for future growth, we'll return significant levels of excess capital to our shareholders. This reduces shares outstanding and increases returns over time.  With that, I'll hand the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. 
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene. And good morning. Second quarter results were strong, with high-single digit growth in contract value and double-digit FX neutral revenue growth. EBITDA, EBITDA margins and adjusted EPS were better than expected as a result of modest revenue upside and disciplined cost management.  Free cash flow in the quarter was excellent. With good visibility into the balance of the year, we are increasing our 2023 EBITDA and free cash flow guidance.  Second quarter revenue was $1.5 billion, up 9% year-over-year as reported and 10% FX neutral. In addition, total contribution margin was 68% compared to 69% in the prior year as we caught up on hiring during 2022.  EBITDA was $384 million, ahead of our guidance and about in line with last year. Adjusted EPS was $2.85, consistent with Q2 of last year. And free cash flow was $410 million.  We finished the quarter with 20,104 associates, up 12% from the prior year and 1% from the end of the first quarter. We remain well positioned from a talent perspective, with low levels of open territories and our new associates coming up the tenure curve. We will continue to carefully calibrate headcount and operating expenses based on near term revenue growth and opportunities to invest for the future.  Research revenue in the second quarter grew 6% year-over-year as reported and 7% on a FX neutral basis. Subscription revenue grew 9% on an organic FX neutral basis. Second quarter Research contribution margin was 73% compared to 74% in the prior-year period, as we have caught up on hiring and return to the new expected levels of travel.  Contract value, or CV, was $4.6 billion at the end of the second quarter, up 9% versus the prior year. The second quarter last year was one of our strongest research quarters ever, with outstanding performance on nearly every metric we provide. CV growth is FX neutral and excludes the first quarter of 2023 divestiture.  CV from enterprise function leaders across GTS and GBS grew at double-digit rates. CV from tech vendors grew low-single digits compared to mid-teens growth in the second quarter of 2022. Quarterly net contract value increase, or NCBI, was $41 million. As we've discussed in the past, there's notable seasonality in this metric.  CV growth was broad based across practices, industry sectors, company sizes and geographic regions. Across our combined practices, the majority of industry sectors grew at double-digit rates, again led by the transportation, retail and public sectors. We had high-single digit growth across all of our enterprise size categories other than the small category, which grew mid-single digits. This category has the largest tech vendor mix.  We also drove double-digit or high-single-digit growth in the majority of our top 10 countries. Global technology sales contract value was $3.5 billion at the end of the second quarter, up 7% versus the prior year. GPS had quarterly NCBI of $14 million. Wallet retention for GTS was 102% for the quarter, which compares to 107% in the prior year when we saw a record high for this metric. IT enterprise function leaders wallet retention remained above historical GTS levels during the second quarter.  GTS new business was down 4% versus last year. New business with IT enterprise function leaders increased high-single digits compared to the prior year against the tough compare.  GTS quota-bearing headcount was up 13% year-over-year, reflecting the catch-up hiring we did in 2022. We will continue to manage hiring based on both short term performance and the medium term opportunity.  A regular full set of GTS metrics can be found in the appendix of our earnings supplement.  Global business sales contract value was $1 billion at the end of the second quarter, up 15% year-over-year, which remains towards the higher end of our medium term outlook of 12% to 16%. All of our GBS practices grew at double-digit or high-single digit rates, again led by supply chain and HR. GBS CV increased $27 million from the first quarter.  Wallet retention for GBS was 109% for the quarter as compared to 115% in the prior year when we saw one of the highest ever results for this metric. GBS new business was up 2% compared to last year against the strong compare.  GBS quota-bearing headcount was up 15% year-over-year. This excludes headcount associated with the Q1 divestiture. As with GTS, our regular full set of GBS metrics can be found in the appendix of our earnings supplement.  Conferences revenue for the second quarter was $169 million, ahead of our expectations as we saw strong performance with both exhibitors and attendees. Contribution margin in the quarter was 58%, consistent with typical seasonality. We held 17 destination conferences in the quarter, all in person.  Second quarter Consulting revenues increased by 5% year-over-year to $126 million. On an FX neutral basis, revenues were up 6%. Consulting contribution margin was 37% in the second quarter. Labor-based revenues were $104 million, up 9% versus Q2 of last year and up 11% on an FX neutral basis. Backlog at June 30 was $172 million, increasing 17% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis with continued booking strength.  Our contract optimization business is highly variable. We delivered $22 million of revenue in the quarter and the pipeline for both contract optimization and labor-based revenues remained strong.  Consolidated cost of services increased 15% year-over-year in the second quarter as reported and on an FX neutral basis. The biggest driver of the increase was higher headcount to support our continued strong growth. We also saw an increase in cost year-over-year with the return to in-person conferences.  SG&A increased 12% year-over-year in the second quarter as reported and 14% on an FX mutual basis. SG&A increased in the quarter as a result of headcount growth. EBITDA for the second quarter was $384 million compared to $389 million in the year-ago period. Second quarter EBITDA upside to our guidance reflected revenue exceeding our expectations in conferences and prudent expense management.  Depreciation in the quarter of $24 million was up modestly compared to 2022.  Net interest expense excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter was $23 million. This was down $5 million versus the second quarter of 2022 due to higher interest income on our cash balances. The modest floating rate debt we have is fully hedged through maturity.  The Q2 adjusted tax rate, which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income, was 25% for the quarter. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was 27% for the quarter.  Adjusted EPS in Q2 was $2.85, in line with last year. We had 80 million shares outstanding in the second quarter. This is a reduction of close to 1 million shares or about 1% year-over-year. We exited the second quarter with about 80 million shares on an unweighted basis.  Operating cash flow for the quarter was $436 million, up 5% compared to last year.  CapEx for the quarter was $26 million, up 21% year-over-year as a result of an increase in technology investments.  Free cash flow for the quarter was $410 million. Free cash flow as a percent of revenue on a rolling four quarter basis was 17% of revenue and 66% of EBITDA. Adjusted for the after tax impact of the Q1 divestiture, free cash flow conversion from GAAP net income was 119%. Our free cash flow conversion is generally higher when CV growth is accelerating.  At the end of the second quarter, we had about $1.2 billion of cash. Our June 30 debt balance was about $2.5 billion. Our reported gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA was under 2 times. Our expected free cash flow generation, available revolver and excess cash remaining on the balance sheet provide ample liquidity to deliver on our capital allocation strategy of share repurchases and strategic tuck-in M&A. Our balance sheet is very strong, with $2.2 billion of liquidity, low levels of leverage and effectively fixed interest rates.  We repurchased $132 million of stock during the second quarter. We had about $830 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization at June 30. We expect the board to continue to refresh the repurchase authorization as needed going forward.  As we continue to repurchase shares our capital base will shrink. Over time, this is accretive to earnings per share and combined with growing profits also delivers increasing returns on invested capital over time.  We are increasing our full year Conferences EBITDA and free cash flow guidance to reflect the strong Q2 performance. We are updating our Research revenue guidance to reflect tech vendor market dynamics on the non-subscription part of the business. For Research, we continue to innovate and provide a very compelling value proposition for clients and prospects.  We've got tough compares across most of the segment for another quarter. We expect stronger growth from subscription business and the non-subscription part of the segment as we indicated last quarter. The non-subscription part of the business has direct exposure to tech vendor spending.  The outlook continues to be based on all of our 47 destination conferences for 2023 running in-person. There is seasonality to the business based on the conference's calendar, which is different than the historical pattern. We still expect Q4 to be the largest quarter of the year. We expect Q3 will be the smallest revenue quarter of the year as I noted in May.  For Consulting revenues, contract optimization remains highly variable. We had a very strong year in 2022, especially in contract optimization in the fourth quarter. We will continue both to manage expenses prudently to support future growth and deliver strong margins.  Our updated 2023 guidance is as follows. We expect Research revenue of at least $4.855 billion, which is FX neutral growth of about 6%, or 7% excluding the Q1 divestiture. The update to Research revenue guidance reflects the effect of tech vendor market dynamics on the non-subscription part of the business.  We expect Conferences revenue of at least $490 million, which is growth of about 26%. We've increased our outlook for Conferences by $20 million.  We expect Consulting revenue of at least $505 million, which is growth of about 5% FX neutral, consistent with the outlook we gave in May. The result is an outlook for consolidated revenue of at least $5.85 billion, which is FX neutral growth of 7%. The guidance reflects an update to non-subscription Research revenue, partially offset by an increase to Conferences.  We now expect full year EBITDA of at least $1.36 billion, up $30 million from our prior guidance and an increase in our margin outlook as well. We will deliver on our margin guidance in most economic scenarios. If revenue is stronger than our outlook, EBITDA would be better than our guidance.  We now expect 2023 adjusted EPS of at least $10. For 2023, we now expect free cash flow of at least $975 million, up $55 million from our prior guidance. This higher free cash flow reflects a conversion from GAAP net income of about 140% excluding the after tax divestiture proceeds. Our guidance is based on 80 million fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding, which reflects the repurchases made through the end of June.  Finally, for the third quarter of 2023, we expect EBITDA of at least $275 million. We had a strong first half despite continuing global macro uncertainty in a dynamic tech vendor market. TV and revenue grew high-single digits in the quarter.  Conferences and EBITDA performance exceeded our expectations, and we increased our guidance as well. Margins are strong, consistent with our prior commentary. Free cash flow was strong in the quarter and we increased the guidance for the full year.  We repurchased over $230 million in stock during the first half and remain committed to returning excess capital to our shareholders. And we have ample liquidity that we are ready to deploy on behalf of shareholders over the coming quarters.  Looking out over the medium term, our financial model and expectations are unchanged. With 12% to 16% Research CV growth, we will deliver double-digit revenue growth. With gross margin expansion, sales costs growing in line with CV growth over time, and G&A leverage, we can modestly expand margins. We can grow free cash flow at least as fast as EBITDA because of our modest CapEx needs and the benefits of our clients paying us up front. And we'll continue to deploy our capital on share repurchases, which will lower the share count over time and on strategic value enhancing tuck-in M&A.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question coming from the line of Jeff Meuler with Baird.
Jeffrey Meuler: Q2 CV and new business sold seemed solid meet, but just want to make sure and 100% confirm that there was no change to Research subscription revenue expectations in the guidance that's signaling, like surprising step down recently or incremental slowing recently in CV. And if it's all limited to just the non-subs, the $70 million reduction on a $422 million revenue base seems like a big mid-year adjustment if you can just talk through the dynamics there.
Craig Safian: On the first part of your question, the subscription revenue piece of our business continues to perform very well. As you noted, we do have the tech vendor dynamics impacting the business, but GBS continues to be very strong. The IT and user portion of GBS continues very, very strong. Your point on the CV growth for each of those and the new business dynamics for each of those were spot on in the quarter. And so, essentially, the revision to guidance, where we thought we were going to be from a subscription perspective, it's the non-sub piece that really impacted the guidance. I think  and Gene will hop in here too  the way to think about the impact, so clearly, as we talked about, the non-sub business has direct exposure to tech vendor marketing spending, and that has become very constrained over the last few quarters and more constrained in the first half of this year. And that's essentially what's impacting that business.  We do believe that when the tech vendor market stabilizes, that this will get back to being a great growth business for us, just like it will within the GBS subscription part of the business as well. We're just dealing with a little bit of those temporary dynamics that we're talking about. And again, having two quarters of history to be able then to look forward, with the facts we saw in the first half of the year, that led to that revision, but again solely on the non-subscription part of the business.
Jeffrey Meuler: When I hear about tech vendor marketing spend weakness, obviously, we see that in the broader landscape. So what's happening in your non-subs business in Research directionally make sense, but the thing that I would worry about is does Conferences revenue also get hit again or get hit at some point? And I get that the Conferences attendance is strong, but it seems surprising to me that the exhibitor bookings are doing as well as they are in Conferences against that landscape. And maybe if you could compare and contrast, like, if there's a major client difference or if it's just the value prop is so strong or if how you think about, I guess, future risk on exhibitor bookings in Conferences. 
Gene Hall: Our conferences business is a great business of great value proposition. It's doing extremely well. On the attendee side, we're seeing great growth across the board. We're expanding the number of conferences as quickly as we can do it operationally because we're seeing such great take-up.  On the exhibitor side, similarly, because we have such great attendees, it's very attractive to exhibitors. And our exhibitor bookings have been very strong and in line with what we've seen last year, which are also extremely strong. And it's because of the great value proposition we have with both our attendees and with the exhibitors.
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Heather Balsky with Bank of America.
Heather Balsky: You just kind of talked about your enterprise business and how it's holding up strong. And you talked about it running up double-digits this quarter. I'm just curious, quarter to quarter, I guess 2Q versus 1Q, how that business is trending, where you see demand going in the current environment? And potentially what you think some of the catalysts are in either direction?
Craig Safian: I think the trends on the enterprise function leader part of the business were pretty consistent from Q1 to Q2, so nothing within the quarter and really nothing too much from a variability perspective from Q1 to Q2. So those businesses continue to perform very well. And our expectation is they continue to perform very well. So, nothing really to see there from a monthly perspective or from quarter to quarter perspective.
Heather Balsky: With regard to your outlook for the tech vendors, you talked about that you see it returning to sort of your normalized run rate growth over the midterm. And then I think you just mentioned that it's probably more of a short term trend. I'm just curious, kind of are you seeing any signs of potential improvement as you move through the year or even through 2024? Or just curious why you're talking more over the midterm versus the short term. 
Gene Hall: What I say is, on a short term basis, no change Q1 to Q2 in terms of tech vendor demand, very similar, with the exception of the non-subscription business, which is we've talked about. It's our perspective that what happened with Gartner, tech industry is that demand got pulled forward during the pandemic. So, there was some demand that was already filled in. And demand will get back to trend once sort of a little time elapses. And how long that takes, we don't know. But we believe that technology business will get back to trend in the medium term.
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: I was hoping that you could talk about the current client spending appetite, if you're seeing cost cutting or if you're seeing just business as usual. It sounds like the subscription business is performing well and it's just this tech vendor piece that's having a little bit of a hiccup. So just wanted to get any color on the overall customer environment.
Gene Hall: As you pointed out, contract value for enterprise function leaders continue to grow at double digit rates. I will say while we're growing there, that more decisions are getting escalated and there's more scrutiny than there was your like a year ago. So it's a tougher environment in terms of work relations. But at the end of the day, people see our value and vibe, which is why we had that great performance.
Toni Kaplan: I wanted to ask about whether AI could actually be a help for you with regard to adding additional seats across the enterprise. Are you thinking that corporations will start to need an AI strategy across some of the GBS lines like finance, legal, HR? Could that lead to additional seats? And then similarly, within GTS, could that lead to additional seats as well? Or do you view this as being sort of similar to prior technology trends like cloud, and so therefore, it's just a change of topic.
Gene Hall: I expected it's little bit in between, actually, that it is a change of topics. But there's more kind of intense interest in the topic of AI than there was in such a short period with cloud. [indiscernible] of it, we did more than 22,000 interactions in the first half. This is a one-on-one calls with our experts on the subject of AI, which is higher than any other single topic and the rate of growth is very high. We're seeing a lot of demand with enterprises that we hadn't seen before where they're saying, hey, could you please come in and talk to us about AI? So we expect that that will be a positive for our business. 
Craig Safian: The only thing I'd add is just underscore your point on the broad applicability of AI being a little bit different than some other topics because, to your point, finance leaders care about it, legal leaders care about it, HR leaders care about it, in addition to IT leaders and their teams caring about it. So there is the potential that is a little more broad based to your point than prior technology lens.
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Seth Weber with Wells Fargo.
Seth Weber: I wanted to ask just about the implied EBITDA margin raise for the year. Is that just a function of mix? Or is there something else that's supporting the stronger margin outlook for the year?
Craig Safian: On the margins, as we've talked about, the margins can pop around a little bit from quarter to quarter, depending on spending trends and where the revenue is trending as well. And so, our margins were a little bit higher than we had initially anticipated in the first half of the year.  And I'd say it's really just a combination of revenue modestly exceeding our expectations in the first half and expenses modestly being a little bit below our expectations. Or said another way, we're just more prudently managing our OpEx as we work our way through the year.  So, again, margins can pop around. There's no mega trends there, I would say, other than a little bit of modest revenue upside and us making sure that  again, we talked about, in our prepared remarks, really carefully calibrating our headcount levels and our OpEx levels to ensure that we deliver consistently strong margins.
Seth Weber: Just on the big ramp in the quota-bearing headcount, can you just talk to where you think you are from an efficiency perspective for the new hires? Are they kind of on track or any kind of metrics that you could call out as far as efficiency or productivity goes with the new hires? 
Gene Hall: To your point, we've ramped up our sales force with the lowest number of opens we've had in a long time. And the talent that we're hiring, if you look at kind of how we track the quality of the talent, is very, very high. And we ramped up hiring the most last year. So these people are starting to get a little bit of tenure under their belt. And we expect over the next three years, as they get up to full tenure, that actually the productivity will be very good. And we're seeing the ramp we'd expect at this point.
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Just on the margin front, Craig, I think on the call, you mentioned T&Es back to normal or something of that effect. So I was just curious, are we at those normalized levels where you're talking about kind of the long term margin being in the low 20s? Or is there more normalization to occur still overall with all the different moving pieces?
Craig Safian: We are back to what we believe to be roughly the new normal from both T&E perspective. And last year, in particular, we were playing catch-up on hiring throughout the course of the year. And so, as you look at our operating expenses now, I think we're at pretty "normal level" of operating expenses. And so, what we're looking at from Q2 through the end of this year is normal seasonality from an OpEx perspective with our new normal levels of T&E minus headcount growth and make sure that we're investing for the future, et cetera, kind of baked in. So I think it is a good, normalized, if you will, OpEx level that we're working off of this year. 
Manav Patnaik: Just on the second half, a little bit more specifically, can you just talk about, I suppose, the hiring expectations. It may be even just on the cost side, it seems a little conservative, but maybe there's some things we're missing here.
Craig Safian: Yeah, I think there's a few things in there. One is the seasonality with our Conferences business. We are performing really, really well in Conferences. And Q4 is by far our largest Conference quarter. And that means you generally see expenses up in the fourth quarter just to deliver those conferences. And then because it's the fourth quarter, because we have so many conferences, there's a lot of additional travel and marketing activity that spikes in the fourth quarter as well, which, again, is sort of back to our typical seasonality that we had from an OpEx perspective pre-pandemic.  So if you think about OpEx, it's relatively flattish from 2Q to Q3. A little bit of step down because it's a lighter conferences quarter and then a pretty big step up in OpEx from Q3 to Q4, driven by the conferences calendar, significant travel to support our conferences calendar, and marketing to support the conferences calendar and the close of our year as well.  We are running a number of scenarios and we are planning in a very agile way in terms of the headcount that we plan to add between now and the end of this year. And there's a wide range of scenarios. And we've got a wide range of recruiting scenarios as well.  One of the things that we've been very careful about is making sure that we maintain our recruitment capacity, so that when supercharged growth returns, we are more than ready to turn that dial from a recruitment perspective. So we're maintaining our recruitment capacity, and we're ready to tune those dials up or down, depending on what the second half of the year looks like, predominantly from a contract value growth perspective. 
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Josh Chan with UBS.
Joshua Chan: I guess on GTS, obviously, the wallet retention is impacted by the overall environment. I was just wondering what you think the trajectory of the GTS wallet retention will be over the coming quarters? Would it surprise you if it went below 100% or is that too drastic of a scenario?
Craig Safian: I think important to disaggregate the enterprise function leader portion of GTS and the tech vendor portion of GTS. So, overall, we are still well over 100% on wallet retention, and that's with the enterprise function portion of our GTS wallet retention being above historical averages. And so, we expect that to continue.  The tech vendor side, wallet retention is a rolling four quarter metric. And so, we'll have these more challenging quarters in the number for a little while. But I would say we don't forecast wallet retention. I shouldn't say we don't forecast it, we don't guide wallet retention or contract value. But given that the enterprise function leader part of the GTS business is the predominant part of it, call it 70-ish percent of the business, that continues to be very strong, and that should drive the wallet retention over the coming quarters.
Joshua Chan: On your comments about headcount, I guess, what indicators are you looking for in order to kind of toggle up or toggle down the recruitment in the second half? 
Gene Hall: The main thing we look at is what our CV growth is. So, we look at what our bookings are and how sales are going because we want to make sure we match our headcount growth to the amount of bookings that we have, and that kind of helps ensure that our focus of business going forward in the right space from both a growth viewpoint as well as margin viewpoint.
Operator: And our next question coming from the line pf Stephanie Moore with Jefferies.
Stephanie Moore: I wanted to touch on the Research pricing environment. I believe you tend to increase those in the fall of the year. So just wanted to get an update on how you're thinking about price increases for this year into next?
Craig Safian: I think one of our core goals with pricing is to make sure that, at a minimum, we are offsetting our projected wage inflation. And so, the past few years, when we were seeing higher wage inflation, we went a little bit stronger on price increase.  This year, again, the labor market, for the type of people that we are recruiting is still relatively strong. But the wage inflation we expect to be a little bit more muted. We're still working through all the details of the price increase, which, again, to your point, goes into effect in November. But I would suspect it's a little bit lighter than what we've done the last few years, just given the inflationary environment, particularly wage inflationary environment, had abated a little bit.
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of George Tong with Goldman Sachs.
George Tong: Following up on some of the tech vendor non-subscription trends, can you talk about which products specifically are seeing reduced demand due to a slowdown in tech vendor marketing spend? And generally, is the non-subscription demand leading coincident or lagging with broader client IT spend? 
Craig Safian: Just want to clarify your question. So it was which products are most impacted? Is that what the question was?
George Tong: Yeah, within your non-subscription book of products?
Craig Safian: Within the non-subscription part of the business, which, again, represents around 8%  or less than 10% of, let's call it, of our overall research revenue, the predominant way we derive revenue there is through lead generation for tech vendors and really focus on the, I call it, non-enterprise IT market. So, smaller businesses, et cetera.  And so, our GTS business is really focused on enterprise tech companies, whereas the non-subscription business is really focused on a combination of enterprise and really small business focused technology companies. And so, that's where we've seen, on the small technology companies, the companies most focused on selling into small businesses, that's where we've seen the biggest challenge.  Again, you've covered all the things that are happening in the tech market from funding and the overall dynamics there. But as those companies are recalibrating their operating expenses, clearly, marketing and lead gen is a place that they often look to get a big handle on. And I think that's what's happening.  That said, they are still spending and spending well in that business. And as Gene mentioned earlier, and I think I mentioned too, we fully expect, once the market is recalibrated, it will get back to growing, but it's predominantly around the lead gen stuff and the focus on lead gen in smaller businesses.
George Tong: Separately, can you talk about how the tech vendor non-subscription performance trended over the course of the quarter? Did you see a bottoming? Did you see further deterioration as you move through the quarter? And does your updated guide assume trends stabilize from 2Q levels or worsen from two key levels?
Craig Safian: I think it's been relatively consistent with normal levels of volatility week to week and actually even day to day, but trends pretty consistent Q1 to Q2. And what we've modeled into our guide is essentially stabilization from those Q2 levels for the balance of the year. 
Operator:
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.
Jeffrey Silber: I'm sorry to keep on focusing on the non-subscriptions piece. Normally, can you just tell us from a breakdown perspective, what percentage comes from tech vendors and what percentage comes from enterprise customers? And if we could just focus in on the enterprise customers component of that, can you talk about how that's trending?
Craig Safian: 100% of the revenue comes from tech vendors in the non-subscription part of the business. So, 100% of that less than 10% of our overall Research business is tech vendor focused. 
Jeffrey Silber: I wanted to actually circle back and talk about AI, but the potential impact on your business internally. Do you think it's going to make your analysts more efficient? Do you think you might be able to reduce headcount from an analyst perspective just to take advantage of technology? Any thoughts would be great.
Gene Hall: We're looking at AI from a lot of perspectives. The first and most important one is what I talked about earlier, which is there's a tremendous amount of client demand, and we're the best source for clients to get help in AI. And it's of a tremendous interest with them. So that's the key place that we are most focused on.  We actually use AI in our business today. We have for years in different parts of our business. And so, internally, we look at are there cost optimization opportunities we use internally? As I said, we've been doing that. We're increasing the amount of that over time. We're also looking at, can we support provide customer services [indiscernible] enhanced, all those kinds of things.  I'd say, internally, those kinds of uses are going to be normal course of business. We always focus on improved productivity. We have a lot of tools. Technology is a big part of the toolkit. And AI is just one of those tools improving productivity over time, which we've always been focused on.  And so, I don't see any kind of, like, some costs dropping by 50% or something because [indiscernible] part of our ongoing continuous improvement and continuous innovation that we've been doing for years.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions in the queue. At this time, I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Gene Hall for any closing remarks.
Gene Hall: So here's what I'd like you to take away from today's call. Gartner drove another strong performance in Q2. We deliver unparalleled value to enterprise leaders and their teams across every major function, whether they're thriving, struggling or anywhere in between. We're exceptionally agile and continuously adapt to the changing world. We know the right things to do to be successful in any environment.  Looking ahead, we're well positioned to continue our sustained record of success far into the future. Our client value proposition and addressable market opportunity will allow us to drive long-term, sustained, double-digit revenue growth. We expect margins will expand modestly over time, and we generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income.  Even as we invest for future growth, we'll return significant levels of excess capital to our shareholders. This reduces shares outstanding and increases returns over time.  Thanks for joining us today and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-02 10:00:00) =====
David Cohen: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartners First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Im David Cohen, SVP of Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions] After comments by Gene Hall, Gartners Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Gartners Chief Financial Officer there will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. This call will include a discussion of first quarter 2023 financial results and Gartners outlook for 2023 as disclosed in todays earnings release and earnings supplement both posted to our site investor.gartner.com. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, with the adjustments as described in our earnings release and subsequent. Our contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2023 foreign exchange rates and exclude contributions related to the recent divestiture and the Russia exits. All growth rates in Genes comments are FX neutral, unless stated otherwise. All references to share counts are for fully diluted weighted average share counts unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. As set forth in more detail in todays earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the companys 2022 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now I will turn the call over to Gartners Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Good morning. And thanks for joining us today. Gartner drove strong performance in the first quarter with double-digit growth in contract value, revenue, EBITDA and EPS. The rate of change and uncertainty in the world continues to accelerate. The tech sector is adjusting to post-pandemic demand. The banking industry is grappling with rising interest rates. Many industries have been impacted by rising inflation and more. Enterprise leaders and their teams need actionable objective guidance. Gartner is the best source for the insights, tools and advice that makes the difference between success and failure for these leaders and enterprises they serve. We continue to be agile with the changing times. Were helping our clients make better decisions and achieve their mission-critical priorities, whether theyre thriving, struggling or anywhere in between. Research continues to be our largest and the most profitable segment. We guide leaders across all major enterprise functions. Our market opportunity is vast across all sectors, sizes and geographies. And were delivering more value than ever. In the first quarter, we helped clients in a range of traffic, including cybersecurity, data analytics, artificial intelligence, remote work, cost optimization and more. Research revenue grew 9%. Total contract value growth was 10%. Contract value growth was affected by slower than average growth with our technology vendor clients. This also affected the non-subscription portion of our research business. End user contract value for both GTS and GBS continue to grow at strong double-digit rates. We serve executives and their teams through two distinct sales channels. Global Technology Sales, or GTS, serves leaders and their teams within IT. GTS also serves leaders and technology vendors, including CEOs and product managers. GTS contract value grew 9%. Global Business Sales, or GBS, serves leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, marketing, sales, legal and more. GBS contract value grew 16%. Through relentless execution of proven practices, were able to deliver unparalleled value to our clients. Clients continue to prioritize Gartner Research. Our business remains resilient despite a volatile and complicated external environment. Gartner Conferences deliver extraordinarily valuable insights to engaged and qualified audience. This will be the first full year of in-person conferences since 2019. Were off to a great start. Attention is strong, advanced bookings are at record levels, and feedback continues to be excellent. Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research. Consulting helps clients execute their most strategic initiatives through deeper, extended, project-based work. Consulting is an important complement to our IT Research business. Consulting revenue grew 14% in the first quarter. Our business is fueled by our highly talented associates. We have carefully aligned our hiring with recent demand and our long-term opportunity. We are well positioned to drive long-term, sustained double-digit growth. We finished Q1 ahead of our expectations despite volatility in the global environment. Were increasing our outlook for 2023, while still allowing for a higher-than-normal level of uncertainty in the world. Craig will take you through our guidance in more detail. In closing, Gartner achieved another strong quarter of growth. We deliver unparalleled value to enterprise leaders and their teams across every major function whether they are thriving, struggling or anywhere in between. Were exceptionally agile and continuously adapt to the changing world, and we know the right things to do to be successful in any environment. Looking ahead, we are well positioned to continue our sustained record of success far into the future. We expect margins to increase modestly over time. And we generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income. Even as we invest for future growth, well return significant levels of excess capital to our shareholders, which reduces shares outstanding and increases returns over time. With that, Ill hand the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian.
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene. And good morning. First quarter results were strong with double-digit growth in contract value, revenue, EBITDA and adjusted EPS. FX-neutral growth was even stronger than our reported results. We also again delivered better-than-planned EBITDA margins. The upside reflected stronger Conferences and Consulting revenue and disciplined cost management. With results ahead of our expectations, we are increasing our 2023 guidance. First quarter revenue was $1.4 billion, up 12% year-over-year as reported and 14% FX neutral. In addition, total contribution margin was 69%, down 103 basis points versus the prior year. EBITDA was $379 million, up 15% year-over-year and up 19% FX neutral. Adjusted EPS was $2.88 up 24%. And free cash flow in the quarter was $144 million. We finished the quarter with 19,830 associates, up 15% from the prior year and 2% from the end of the fourth quarter. We are well positioned from a talent perspective with low levels of open territories and our new associates coming up the ten-year curve. And we will continue to carefully calibrate headcount and operating expenses based on near-term revenue growth and opportunities to invest for the future. Research revenue in the first quarter grew 7% year-over-year as reported and 9% on an FX-neutral basis. Subscription revenue grew 11%, FX neutral. First quarter research contribution margin was 74%, down about one point as we have caught up on hiring and return to the new expected levels of travel. Contract value or CV was $4.5 billion at the end of the first quarter, up 10% versus the prior year. The first quarter last year was one of our strongest research quarters ever with outstanding performance on nearly every metric we provide. CV growth is FX neutral and excludes both Russia and the recent divestiture. CV from enterprise function leaders across GTS and GBS grew at double-digit rates. CV from tech vendors grew mid-single digits compared to high teens growth in the first quarter of 2022. Quarterly net contract value increase, or NCVI, was $26 million. As weve discussed in the past, there is notable seasonality in this metric. CV growth was broad-based across practices, industry sectors, company sizes and geographic regions. Across our combined practices, all industry sectors grew at double-digit rates other than technology and media, which both grew at mid-single-digit rates. The fastest growth was in the transportation, retail and public sectors. We had high single-digit growth across all of our enterprise size categories. We also drove double-digit or high single-digit growth in all of our top ten countries. Global Technology Sales contract value was $3.5 billion at the end of the first quarter, up 9% versus the prior year. GTS had quarterly NCVI of $10 million. While retention for GTS was 104% for the quarter, which compares to 107% in the prior year when we saw a record high for this metric. While tech vendor wallet retention remained under pressure, on a net basis, our clients spend more with us compared to the prior year. GTS new business was down 1% versus last year. New business with IT function leaders increased compared to the prior year against the tough compare. New business with tech vendors declined versus very strong performance last year. GTS quota-bearing headcount was up 22% year-over-year and 11% on a 2-year compound annual growth rate basis. We will continue to manage hiring based on both short-term performance and the medium-term opportunity. Our regular full set of GTS metrics can be found in the appendix of our earnings supplement. Global Business Sales contract value was $983 million at the end of the first quarter, up 16% year-over-year, which is at the high end of our medium-term outlook of 12% to 16%. All of our GBS practices other than sales and marketing grew at double-digit rates. Supply chain and HR both continued to grow faster than 20%. GBS CV increased $16 million from the fourth quarter. While retention for GBS was 110% for the quarter, which compares to 115% in the prior year when we saw the highest end result for this metric. In addition to continued strong client retention, our clients spent significantly more with us than they did a year ago. GBS new business was down 4% compared to last year against a very strong compare. The two-year compound annual growth rate for new business was 6%. GBS quota-bearing headcount was up 18% year-over-year. This excludes headcount associated with the Q1 divestiture. As with GTS, our regular full set of GBS metrics can be found in the appendix of our earnings supplement. Conferences revenue for the first quarter was $65 million, ahead of our expectations as we saw strong performance with both exhibitors and attendees. The first quarter is always a seasonally small quarter, but we are off to a strong start for the year. Contribution margin in the quarter was 41%, consistent with typical seasonality. We held ten destination conferences in the quarter, all in-person. First quarter Consulting revenues increased by 10% year-over-year to $127 million. On an FX-neutral basis, revenues were up 14%. Consulting contribution margin was 40% in the first quarter, consistent with the incremental hiring and return to travel. Labor-based revenues were $97 million, up 1% versus Q1 of last year and up 5% on an FX neutral basis. Backlog at March 31 was $161 million, increasing 14% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis with continued booking stream. Our Contract Optimization business had another very strong quarter, up 53% as reported and 56% on an FX-neutral basis versus the prior year. As we have detailed in the past, this part of the Consulting segment is highly variable. Consolidated cost of services increased 15% year-over-year in the first quarter as reported and 17% on an FX-neutral basis. The biggest driver of the increase was higher headcount to support our continued strong growth. We also saw an increase in cost year-over-year with a return to in-person conferences. SG&A increased 6% year-over-year in the first quarter as reported and 9% on an FX-neutral basis. SG&A increased in the quarter as a result of headcount growth. The increase was partially offset by lower charges associated with real estate rationalization. EBITDA for the first quarter was $379 million, up 15% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 19% FX neutral. First quarter EBITDA upside to our guidance reflected revenue exceeding our expectations in Conferences and Consulting and prudent expense planning. Depreciation in the quarter of $24 million was up modestly compared to 2022. Net interest expense, excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter was $26 million, down $4 million versus the first quarter of 2022, resulting from higher interest income on our cash balances. The modest floating rate debt we have is fully hedged through maturity. The Q1 adjusted tax rate, which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income, was 18% for the quarter. The tax rate for the items used to adjust that income was 35% for the quarter. Adjusted EPS in Q1 was $2.88, up 24% year-over-year. We had 80 million shares outstanding in the first quarter. This is a reduction of close to three million shares or about 3% year-over-year. We exited the first quarter with about 80 million shares on an unweighted basis. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $165 million, down 2% compared to last year. CapEx for the quarter was $21 million, up 22% year-over-year as a result of an increase in technology modernization investments and equipment for new associates. Free cash flow for the quarter was $144 million. Free cash flow as a percent of revenue on a rolling four-quarter basis was 18% of revenue and 65% of EBITDA. Adjusted for the after-tax impact of the divestiture and interest rate swap gains, free cash flow conversion from GAAP net income was 120%. Our free cash flow conversion is generally higher when CV growth is accelerating. At the end of the first quarter, we had $894 million of cash. Our March 31 debt balance was $2.5 billion. Our reported gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA was under two times. Our expected free cash flow generation, available revolver and excess cash remaining on the balance sheet provides ample liquidity to deliver on our capital allocation strategy of share repurchases and strategic tuck-in M&A. Our balance sheet is very strong with $1.9 billion of liquidity, low levels of leverage and effectively fixed interest rates. We repurchased more than $100 million of stock during the first quarter. We had about $950 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization at March 31. As we continue to repurchase shares, our capital base will shrink. This is accretive to earnings per share and combined with growing profits also delivers increasing returns on invested capital over time. We are increasing our full year guidance to reflect the strong Q1 performance, while still allowing for a higher-than-normal level of uncertainty in the world. As we move through the year, we have more visibility into the revenue outlook and the corresponding expenses needed to support the business and drive growth. For research, we continue to innovate and provide a very compelling value proposition for clients and prospects. Our plans for 2023 allows for a higher-than-normal range of outcomes as we discussed last quarter. Weve got tough compares across the business and particularly with tech vendors and in GBS for another quarter or two. Weve taken a prudent approach based on historical trends, which weve reflected in the guidance. We expect stronger growth from the subscription business than the non-subscription part of the segment. The non-subscription part of the business faces tough compares and has more direct exposure to tech vendor spending. The outlook continues to be based on 100% of our 47 destination conferences for 2023 running in person. There is seasonality to the business based on the conferences calendar, which is different than the historical matter. We expect Q4 to be the largest quarter and Q3 to be the smallest of the year. For Consulting revenues, we have more visibility into the second quarter than the second half based on the composition of our backlog and pipeline as usual. Contract optimization remains highly variable. We had a very strong year in 2022, especially in contract optimization in the fourth quarter. With Q1 behind us, we are comfortable we can run the business successfully for this year, while investing for future growth with lower consolidated expenses than we built into the original guidance. We will continue both to manage expense prudently to support future growth and deliver strong margins. Our updated guidance for 2023 is as follows: We expect research revenue of at least $4.925 billion, which is FX-neutral growth of about 7% or 8% excluding the Q1 divestiture. Research revenue guidance is up modestly from February. We expect Conferences revenue of at least $470 million, which is growth of about 21%. We have increased our outlook for Conferences by $25 million. We expect Consulting revenue of at least $505 million, which is a growth of about 5% FX neutral and a modest increase from February. The result is an outlook for consolidated revenue of at least $5.90 billion, which is FX-neutral growth of 8%. Overall, weve increased our revenue outlook by $35 million. As I mentioned in the last quarter, weve taken a prudent approach to planning for 2023. This applies to revenue, operating expenses and free cash flow. We now expect full year EBITDA of at least $1.33 billion, up $70 million from our prior guidance and an increase in our margin outlook as well. We expect to be able to deliver on our margin guidance in most economic scenarios. If revenue is stronger than our outlook, we expect upside to EBITDA. We now expect 2023 adjusted EPS of at least $9.50. For 2023, we still expect free cash flow of at least $920 million. This reflects the conversion from GAAP net income of almost 140% excluding the after-tax divestiture proceeds. Our guidance is based on 80 million fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding, which reflects the repurchases made through the end of March. Finally, for the second quarter of 2023, we expect EBITDA of at least $350 million. We had a strong start to the year despite continuing global macro uncertainty with notable performance in Conferences and overall profitability. Contract value grew double digits. EPS grew more than 20%. We repurchased over $100 million of stock during the first quarter and remain committed to returning excess capital to our shareholders. Combining our expected free cash flow generation with the after-tax proceeds of our recent divestiture, we have more than $1 billion available to deploy on behalf of our shareholders in 2023. Looking out over the medium term, our financial model and expectations are unchanged. With 12% to 16% research CV growth, we will deliver double-digit revenue growth. With gross margin expansion, sales costs growing in line with CV over time and G&A leverage, we can modestly expand margins. We can grow free cash flow at least as fast as EBITDA because of our modest CapEx needs and the benefits of our clients paying us upfront. And well continue to deploy our capital on share repurchases, which lower the share count over time and on strategic value-enhancing tuck-in M&A. With that, Ill turn the call back over to the operator, and well be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeffrey Meuler from Baird. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Meuler: Yes, thank you. So I thought CV was good considering the macro and the comp. I know that you said comps are still tough another quarter or two. I dont know what macro is going to do later in the year. But it sounds like the relative weakness is still just concentrated in the tech vendor channel. So, I guess, as you look at retention trends on business thats coming up for renewal on a quarterly basis or new business sold trends in a quarter on a seasonally adjusted sequential basis, I guess the question is, have those metrics kind of stabilized after stepping down concentrated in the tech vendor channel last year? Or have you seen any sort of incremental weakening, including with the recent banking sector challenges and any derivative effects from it?
Gene Hall: Jeff, its Gene. I think you characterized it right, which is the two biggest factors going on are the year-over-year comparison is very tough because its such a strong for a year ago. And then the whole tech industry is realigning and thats impacting the business, just as you described. And there are smaller things going on, but those are the big things that are going on thats affecting our business.
Jeffrey Meuler: Okay. But are those smaller things, including like the banking challenges, are they causing incremental deterioration, or is that not a meaningful factor for you?
Gene Hall: Yes, I dont think its  I would characterize it as small as opposed to meaningful. So clearly, were selling less at Silicon Valley Bank or Republic, but thats pretty isolated. And so we have isolated things like that are going on, like with regional banks, some countries like China. But there is always things like that going on. There is always things and surprisingly there were increased segments that are not perfect.
Jeffrey Meuler: Got it. Good to hear. And then I just love your perspective, Gene on, I guess, the opportunities and risks from generative AI, including anything on how far along you are with implementing it. And to me, I could see potential benefits on a number of fronts, sales productivity, research productivity, I guess, improving the client experience on your platform, given the high-quality content library, as well as you mentioned among the hot topic areas that could drive demand and client engagement. Also curious just on how you think about any potential risks that publicly available content becomes a lot easier to curate via generative AI. Thanks.
Gene Hall: Yes. So we see generative AI as being really helpful for our business. As you said, there are a lot of internal efficiencies where weve had  five years ago, we had teams of humans coming through publicly available information. Now we actually today use generative AI to improve our efficiency on those kinds of things and well continue to. The second area is that we are testing, and Im sure well get to at some point, is having more of a natural language interface for our clients. And were testing now to just to make sure it all works correctly and it doesnt have any surprises as you have seen in some of the public situations. And so Id say, first of all, its great for internal efficiencies in every part of our business. Even like you mentioned if a salesperson wants to get synthesized publicly available information, its a great tool of help with that. Its going to be  so it will help our internal efficiencies, it will provide a better interface over time with our clients and frankly, its an area where clients see help on as well. And so thats an area that helps with our basic client demand as well. You asked about kind of our situation competitively there. I would say we are highly differentiated from kind of the public information you get, because we have a lot of proprietary information, proprietary insights, we have a research process, which is quite important in generating these proprietary insights and of course, were independent objective. So we say generational AI has really been a lot of help both internal efficiencies with probably a better interface with our clients, helping clients with it, et cetera.
Jeffrey Meuler: Appreciate the comprehensive answer. Thank you. 
Operator: One moment for our next question. We have a question from Heather Balsky from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Heather Balsky: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Can you help us think about the cadence of CV as we move through the year, both taking into account the sort of environment right now, especially with your tech vendors as well as just sort of comparisons year-over-year. Just curious kind of do you expect the kind of softness as the year progresses and improvement to the fourth quarter? Just whats based into your sales outlook? Thanks.
Craig Safian: Hey good morning Heather. This is Craig. Great question. So, as we think about the way the business rolls, I guess, just zooming back a little bit, a couple of points just around historically how things look. So, we typically generate our least amount of new business dollars in the first quarter of the year and our most amount of new business dollars in the fourth quarter of the year. And theres a lot of reasons for that. We work through our pipeline in the fourth quarter. Weve got a lot of conferences that we leverage in the fourth quarter. We make a lot of promotions and changes to positions in the first quarter. But first quarter generally, lowest amount of new business. Fourth quarter, a lot more new business, and that sort of builds over the quarters. In terms of the way the CV flows, first quarter and fourth quarter tend to be a little bit more heavily weighted in terms of the amount of CV that is expiring. It can vary a lot. Our sales teams will also often pull forward business as they see opportunities. But Q1 and Q4 are typically our highest expiration quarters. In terms of the comps and the comparisons, I think, if you look back, Q1 of 2022 on just about every measure you can look at was the peak and/or the toughest comparison for us whether it is overall contract value growth, wallet retention, productivity, you name it. The comparisons are still pretty tough through Q2 and Q3, most notably with our tech vendor clients and with GBS. So Q1, Id say, was a tough comparison across the board, across the entire research business, again, most notably with tech vendors and with GBS. Q2 is still, again, if you go back and look at the metrics and CV growth, et cetera, still a very tough comparison there as well. The comparisons do ease a little bit but its still a pretty high comparison point even as we get into the second half of the year. But again, if you think about our normal cadence, well be building our new business pipelines and building our new business dollars over the course of the year. Weve got a full slate of in-person conferences as well. And as Gene mentioned, our clients and potential clients really need our help as well. So we're focused on making sure we deliver great value to our clients, to drive those renewal rates and also work all our opportunities through the pipeline as well, so we can deliver the new business that we need to deliver as well.
Heather Balsky: Thank you. I appreciate that. And as my follow-up, in an environment like we're seeing right now, whether it's the tech industry, realigning what's going on in banks, from both the GBS and GTS perspective what are you doing on the research side to say to customers keeping them active Gartner customer [indiscernible] keeping that retention strong? Thanks.
Gene Hall: Yes, it's a great question. So we're always focused on research on the things that are most important to our clients. If you think about today, it would be things like cybersecurity. There are a few enterprises today that can let their guard down as cybersecurity and the only help they can get, so that's an area that we're really focused on. The other one is using data analytics and their business. The other one is cost optimization, making sure they understand how to optimize the cost that they do value in a little tougher environment perhaps. We still see a lot of demand on conversion digital business. We also see a lot of demand on things like optimizing cloud computing. So those are some examples. But the way we're focusing on research is making sure our research is focused on the really tough issues that senior leaders and our clients have to wrestle with, which these are some of the examples. And those issues are really important, even for organizations that are struggling, you're still going to deal with things like cybersecurity and data analytics, optimizing cloud computing. And so it's something that applies whether clients are struggling or whether they're thriving.
Heather Balsky: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. One moment. We have a question from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Toni Kaplan: Thank so much. Wanted to ask about GBS, I know you mentioned in the prepared remarks that all of the areas grew double digits, except for sales and marketing. Can you just give maybe a little bit of color on what slowed there, anything you're seeing? Or is that just a  maybe is a tough comp? Or I'm sure each quarter, some are more positive and some are more negative. So is it sort of normal or anything to call out there?
Gene Hall: Yes. Toni, it's a great question. So if you look at in any business, there's always some units that are doing very well because they have all the pieces that are working well together. There's other units that aren't working quite as well, and that's what's going in sales and marketing is it's more operational and kind of our own operational effectiveness isn't as good as in some of the other GBS functions. But there's nothing sort of intrinsic. There's nothing in the marketplace or something like that. It's all about making sure that we have all the pieces really working together well. It still had great growth, but it's not as great. The GBS growth is really extremely strong, and they were just kind of not as strong as the strongest parts of GBS.
Toni Kaplan: Great. Wanted to also ask about the retention of salespeople, I imagine it's a lot better now than it was in recent history when we had the sort of tighter later labor market. I guess how are you thinking about that with regard to maturity of salespeople? Could that have upside potential for the guide this year? And maybe talk about sort of if we should see productivity improvement as a result.
Gene Hall: Yes, Toni, it's a great question, and salespeople are critical to our business to both current business and future growth. We got behind in hiring over the last couple of years. We're now fully caught up, which is fantastic. We have very low number of open positions. And our turnover is among the lowest we've ever seen with our salespeople. It takes our salespeople about three years to get to full productivity. So all these salespeople that we've added recently, you think about are really going to be powering the growth of business in 2024 and 2025 when they get up to full productivity. As we see this lower retention rate  I'm sorry, higher retention, lower turnover rate as being really advantageous to the business. The other thing is that as we do have hiring needs either from turnover or from growth, the market for us hiring salespeople is fantastic. We can get really fantastic salespeople, and we always see great salespeople, but it's one of the best markets for hiring for us we've ever seen.
Toni Kaplan: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Seth Weber with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Seth Weber: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to ask you about the raised EBITDA margin outlook for the year. Is that just a function of higher revenue flowing through? Or is there something else that you feel like has changed there relative to how you were thinking about the business last quarter? Thanks.
Craig Safian: Hey. Good morning, Seth. So the  if you look at the outlook raise based on the Q1 performance and based on our efforts the balance of the year, we took revenue up by $35 million, most notably in conferences and we reduced our OpEx expense outlook by about $35 million. And that's what drove the $70 million increase in the overall EBITDA outlook. I'd say we are still dealing with a pretty uncertain macro environment, as we've all talked about. We took a pretty prudent approach to, in particular planning our operating expenses as we entered the year. And now that we've got three of four months behind us and have a better outlook for what the top line is going to look like for the full year, we were able to refine the expenses a bit. And so again, that's why we're able to raise the revenue by 35% and reduce the OpEx outlook by $35 million as well, and again, the math on that yielded margins a little bit higher than we had initially guided to.
Seth Weber: Right. That makes sense. Thanks. And then maybe just on the maintained free cash flow outlook. Anything you'd call out there? I seem to remember, over the last couple of quarters, there were some pickups with collections and things like that. Is there anything notable that you cite not raising the free cash flow guidance?
Craig Safian: Yes. It's a good call out. So I think stepping back for a second, the free cash flow is still a very large number of the conversion numbers look very strong as well, both on a rolling four-quarter basis, and as we extrapolate out of the forecast. The main thing there though is we would have been able to raise our free cash outlook, if not for an additional cash tax burden that we calculated associated with the divestitures. So we had a very strong profit year last year, which results in more cash taxes this year, which was baked into the initial guidance. We sold a small non-core business in February and got proceeds from that. Our initial guide didn't dial in enough cash taxes associated with the divestiture. And so the main thing here is free cash flow is really, really strong would have raised but for an additional cash tax burden associated with our recent divestiture.
Seth Weber: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you, guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Andrew Nicholas from William Blair. Your line is open.
Andrew Nicholas: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Wanted to follow up on a few of the earlier questions to start; first, I guess, Craig, on the margins could you spend a bit of time talking on first quarter upside or where some of that upside came from on the cost side? And then understanding the EBITDA guidance bridge or the change versus last quarter, it still seems like there's a pretty significant ramp-up in implied expenses through the remainder of the year. If you could just give a little bit more color on that. I was under the impression that second half hiring activity was now in the run rate. So just trying to figure out where else the increased expense comes from over the next couple of quarters.
Craig Safian: Yes, absolutely, Andrew. Thanks for the question. In terms of Q1, I'd say it was a combination of modest revenue be most notably in Conferences, but a little bit in Consulting as well and prudent expense planning in the quarter. So I think that's the way I would describe of the Q1 margin performance. In terms of looking forward, if you think about the composition of our expenses and the phasing of our business, if you use the Q1 adjusted operating expense number as sort of a baseline, remember that like three quarters of our expenses are people related, and our merit increase goes into effect on April 1. And so that causes a step-up in the OpEx rolling out in Q2, Q3, Q4. Our conference calendar also picks up, most notably Q2 and Q4. And so the step up in operating expenses associated with that. Our travel tends to pick-up and we spend more seasonally Q2 and Q4, and so that's a pickup in the OpEx as well. And so again, I think we're  we planned our revenue outlook pretty carefully and again keeping in mind the proud volatile macro environment. And the OpEx, to your point we've already got a lot of the hiring from last year, that is now in the Q1 run rate for sure. We've got a modest amount of growth hiring set for the balance of this year, just to continue and support the growth. And then you've got those dynamics I just listed out earlier, the biggest two probably being the merit increase going into effect and the conference calendar impacting OpEx Q2 through Q4.
Andrew Nicholas: Very helpful. Thank you. And then for my follow-up, I just wanted to ask a little bit more on headcount growth and kind of talent environment. I guess, Gene, you mentioned it being fantastic. I guess, one, can you talk a little bit about why you think the environment for hiring sales talent is so good today versus a year ago maybe? And then also how much does that impact your ability to be nimble on the headcount front? It would seem like if there's a bunch of supply, you can be a little bit more careful and not feel like you need to hoard all the best people right away? Or is it a different dynamic where you decide to take advantage of all that's out there and potentially have a little bit narrower gap between headcount growth and CV growth? Just how you're thinking about those dynamics? Thank you.
Gene Hall: Yes. Andrew, so the reason the market is so good is, first, I mean, we're an employer of choice. We have a great brand in the marketplace, and we have great recruiting teams. So there's a lot of operational reasons why things are going well. On top of that then, the whole check realignment, the talent market that we compete most in for our people is with technology companies. And so when they're laying people off and not as aggressive about hiring, obviously it helps us if that's the primary talent market. So it's a combination of we're a great place to work, we have a great reputation, we have great recruiting teams, combined with the fact that our traditional talent competitors are just really scaled and really scaled back hiring a lot. And so we're using that as an opportunity to make sure we hire really great people. As we look forward, as Craig and I both said in our remarks, we want to make sure our net hiring incorporates the turner we have as well as our CV growth so that we are hiring a bit behind our CV growth so that we, it doesn't impact our margins negatively.
Andrew Nicholas: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
George Tong: Alright. Thanks. Good morning. You talked about Research CV being relatively stable in end markets outside of tech vendors. Just going back to that topic, can you elaborate on what you're seeing in other verticals? How would you characterize the selling environment? How are client budgets performing? And what are you seeing with sales cycles?
Gene Hall: So  hey, George. So what I say is that it's kind of what we  normal in the sense that there are some companies that are thriving, there are some companies that are more challenged. And we have to tailor the problems that we're working on with what the company situation is. And again, it gets back to the strategy I talked about earlier, which is let's make sure our research is focused on the most important issues for our clients. And then let's also make sure that our sales people, our sales delivery people know what those topics are, it can be right up front and helping clients. And so as I mentioned before, it's things like cybersecurity, data analytics, cost optimization, building a digital business, optimizing cloud computing, and not every company has all of those, but the  if you look at each kind of the company, depending on where they are, we help them with the issues that are most important for them.
George Tong: Got it. And then as it relates to your research sales headcount expectations, can you outline what the cadence of hiring should look like in GBS and GTS over the remainder of this year now that the bulk of hiring is behind you?
Craig Safian: Yes, George, good morning. Especially and again as Gene and I both mentioned in prepared remarks, we are with a lot of agility, making sure that we are calibrating appropriately where we exit this year from an overall headcount perspective across all Gartner and in particular, in terms of frontline sellers in both GTS and GBS. And so there's a range of outcomes for the full year from both a contract value growth perspective but also from a headcount perspective. And given all the dynamics we talked about in the labor markets and the fact that we've got world-class recruiting, our talent acquisition organization, and we've got a great associate value proposition as well. We feel like we can be pretty agile on this and just make sure that we are appropriately calibrated so that we enter next year with enough investment to make sure that we can sustain growth, but also deliver really strong margin performance as well.
George Tong: Got it. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeff Silber: Thanks so much. Wanted to focus on the research pricing environment, if you can remind us what price increases you've been pushing through so far this year, what your expectations are for the rest of the year? And I know others in this space may not necessarily be direct competitors, but we're seeing some companies extending terms of their contract renewals but taking lower price. Is that something that you're doing or considering? Thanks.
Craig Safian: Good morning, Jeff. In terms of our pricing, the bulk of our pricing goes into effect on November 1 and so which impacts this current year. And so if you recall back to November-ish of 2021 we were increasing prices in the 5% to 6% range. This past cycle it was more closer to 5%, again given a little bit of less inflationary environment. And again, we want to make sure that at a minimum, we are pricing to offset the wage inflation that we are seeing. And in 2021, we were seeing much more pressure on wage inflation, and so we went a little bit harder on the price increases then; this year a little less and so roughly around 5%. In terms of the environment and giving on terms or anything like that, generally, I'd say we're  we've managed to hold to our terms. And so we're not giving away extra days or months in terms of when we could get paid. We're still pushing very hard on getting paid up front, which is obviously a core part of our free cash flow machine. As Gene and I have all talked about in the past, generally our contracts are relatively small or small-ish ticket items for our clients, representing a pretty teeny portion of their overall budgets. And so we're generally able to again, not without negotiations and not without conversations, but hold to our pricing structure, so no discounting and holding strong on our terms as well.
Jeff Silber: Okay. That's helpful. If I switch to the Consulting segment, I know it can be choppy, but utilization was down pretty significantly in the first quarter. Can we talk about what's going on or what your expectations are for the rest of the year on that metric? Thanks.
Gene Hall: Yes, great question. On the Consulting side, we  like in a lot of our business we're playing catch-up on headcount and hiring over the course of last year. And so we did grow the team based on the demand we were seeing fairly aggressively over the back half of last year. We're still seeing really good demand. We're in a really good backlog position exiting Q1. And I'd say we ran a little bit hotter than normal in utilization last year, particularly in the first half of the year but overall last year, so it's a tough comp from that perspective. And again, just like the rest of the business, we are making sure that we are appropriately calibrated from a headcount perspective and a demand perspective, and we feel like we're in that situation right now with Consulting. We've got strong demand. We've got good backlog, and we'll continue to monitor it to make sure that we can both deliver on the top line but also make sure we're delivering strong margins there as well.
Jeff Silber: Okay. Appreciate the color. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Your line is open.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Good morning. Craig, I was just hoping on the expense side, specific to SG&A, you could help us with just the cadence through the quarters there. And is the S-part still like two-thirds of that mix right now?
Craig Safian: Good morning, Manav. Yes. So the  so if you look at the SG&A line, again think of it running mid-40s to high-40s as a percent of revenue on a rolling four-quarter basis. About two-thirds of it is the S-part or the selling portion, most notably, GTS and GBS selling. Although we do have our conference sales organizations and a few other sales organizations in the S-line as well. And the cadence of spending is similar to what I outlined with Andrew's question, few questions ago, look at the Q1 rough OpEx run rate and SG&A  adjusted SG&A run rate. Merit goes into effect on April 1, and so that impacts that run rate for Q2, Q3, Q4. As I mentioned, travel  we do travel more in Q2 and Q4. And so you bake that in, and if you bake those things in, you should have a pretty good view on how SG&A expense should look Q2, Q3, Q4 of this year.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then just my second question was more, can you remind us what your multiyear contract? Like how much of your business is now multiyear contract, what that average duration is because that should help you be obviously more resilient here?
Craig Safian: Yes, absolutely. So our overall multiyear contracts as a percent of the research business is around 70%. So about 70% of the contracts that we have in force are multi-year in nature. The bulk of them are two-year contracts, although we do have a growing but small segment of more than two-year contracts. Important to note that some multi-year contracts will come due this year, obviously, but you're right, in terms of the resiliency of the business clearly having a large portion of our contract value tied up in multi-year contracts that are not up for renewal over the course of 2023 is clearly a good thing for us. And we recognize the strategic importance and value of focusing on multi-year contracts. Our salespeople do as well. Our clients do as well quite frankly; it's good for them too. But it's clearly a strong element of the business that we have so much tied up in multi-year contracts, but again most of them are two-year contracts.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment. We have a question from Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. Your line is open. Stephanie, your line is open.
Stephanie Moore: Hi. Good morning. Yes. No. Hi. Good morning. I just wanted to touch on the comp side of the business, clearly really strong growth. Would love to get more color on what you're hearing in regards to maybe advanced bookings and other demand if that demand has changed all versus maybe throughput levels to still [indiscernible]?
Gene Hall: Yes, Stephanie, it's a great question. So Conferences are a really important part of our business, and we're seeing very robust demand for Conferences, both from attendees and from exhibitors. My own take on it is that there's a lot of pent-up demand to do in-person events, of which our Conferences are part of that. And so we're seeing very strong demand on all parts of the business.
Stephanie Moore: Great. Thank you. And then just for a follow-up. I'm curious what you're seeing in general on the Consulting side from just an overall upselling and cross-selling standpoint. Maybe any customers or clients in part that are pulling back at all on just number of fees just given the uncertain macro? Or you're still kind of seeing the same level of activity? Thank you.
Craig Safian: Hi Stephanie its Craig. So just to clarify your question because I'm not sure I heard it completely. I heard Consulting at the beginning, but then I heard research. So could you just repeat the question? Would you mind?
Stephanie Moore: No. I'm sorry. I apologize. I was just curious on what you're seeing from an upsell and cross-sell standpoint, and if you've seen any change in activity as of late, maybe clients pulling back at all? Thank you.
Craig Safian: Yes. So I think clearly with our tech vendor clients as we've described in detail, the upsell is certainly more challenging in this environment given their recalibration and sort of the tumult [ph] in that space. We're still upselling wherever we can. I do think in the particularly challenged areas like tech vendors, what we are seeing our clients really get huge value out of Gartner and so they don't want to fully cancel their relationships, and so they may reduce a license or two here or there. We're seeing that in some of the more challenged end user industries as well, like as Gene mentioned, regional banking or things like that. But overall, I think it all comes back to we're offering a really strong value proposition and our clients really need help. And as long as we're doing that we'll be able to maintain our  the investment level within clients, and in fact if you look at the wallet retention numbers increase on average the amount of spend each and every year. And then when things in those impacted markets stabilize, we should get right back to the kind of growth that we've historically delivered.
Stephanie Moore: Great. Understood. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And there are no other questions in the queue. I'd like to turn it back to Gene Hall for closing remarks.
Gene Hall: Well, here's what I'd like you to take away from today's call. In the first quarter of 2023, we again saw strong growth across the business. Gartner delivers incredible value of enterprises that are thriving, struggling or anywhere in between. Our insights address today's mission-critical priorities. And by being exceptionally agile and adapting to the changing world, we've delivered a sustained record of success. We've covered around and aligned our hiring with recent demand and our long-term opportunity. We know the right things to do to be successful in any environment. Looking ahead, we are well positioned to drive growth far into the future. We expect margins to increase modestly over time, and we generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income. Even as we invest in future growth, we'll return significant levels of excess capital to our shareholders, which reduces shares outstanding and increases returns over time. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-07 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. I'm David Cohen, SVP of Investor Relations. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After comments by Gene Hall Gartners Chief Executive Officer and Craig Safian Gartners Chief Financial Officer. There will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. This call will include a discussion of fourth quarter 2022 financial results and Gartner's outlook for 2023 as disclosed in today's earnings release and earnings supplement both posted to our website, investor.gartner.com. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA. With the adjustments as described in our earnings release and supplement. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX neutral unless stated otherwise. And its contract value comments exclude Russia from 2021. All references to share counts are for fully diluted weighted average share counts unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2022 foreign exchange rates unless stated otherwise. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now, I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. Gartner drove a strong performance in the fourth quarter with double-digit growth in contract value, revenue, EBITDA and EPS. We generated nearly $1 billion in free cash flow and we returned even more than that to shareholders through our ongoing share repurchase program. Enterprise leaders are dealing with high volatility and uncertainty. Inflation accelerated to the highest level in 40-years. The dollar was the strongest it's been in 20-years and it remains extremely volatile. There are ongoing supply chain issues, energy prices has been volatile. The labor market has been volatile. Enterprises are assessing the impact of remote versus hybrid versus in-person work. There are widespread concerns of a recession. All of these factors and more impact enterprises around the world. Leaders need help navigating this turbulent time and they know Gartner is the best source for that help. Our services often make the difference between success and failure for executives and their enterprises. We help clients succeed with their mission critical priorities, whether they're in growth mode or cutting costs. With all this volatility, our most recent research shows that Chief Financial Officers are more carefully scrutinizing expenses. But at the same time, they're increasing investment and mission critical priorities. Even in enterprises, they are under extreme financial pressure. Our research business continues to be our largest and most profitable segment. We help leaders across all major enterprise functions in every industry around the world. Our market opportunity is fast across all sectors, sizes and geographies. And we're delivering more value than ever. Research revenue grew 13% in the fourth quarter. Total contract value growth was 12%. Contract value growth was broad-based across practices, industry sectors, company sizes and geographic regions. We serve the executives and their teams through two distinct sales channels: global technology sales or GTS is our largest sales force. GTS contract value grew 11%. The large majority of GTS serves IP leaders and their teams and we saw double-digit growth with this client segment despite tough compares. GTS also serves leaders at technology vendors, including CEOs and product managers. In this segment, growth moderated, but still grew at high-single-digits, despite even tougher compares. Global Business Sales or GBS serves leaders in their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, marketing, sales, legal and more. GBS contract value grew 19% in 2022. In the five years since we launched our GXL products within GBS, we've seen exceptional compound annual growth rates. Gartner conferences deliver extraordinarily valuable insights and engaged and qualified audience. In the first half of 2022, we delivered most of our conferences virtually. In the second half, we pivoted back to in-person for nearly all our conferences. Feedback has been excellent. Most in-person conferences were sold out in 2022 and we've sold significantly more than half of our exhibitor space for 2023. Gartner consulting is an extension of Gartner Research. Consulting helps clients execute their most strategic initiatives through deeper, extended project-based work. Consulting is an important complement to our IT research business. Consulting revenue grew 24% in the fourth quarter. We exited the year with a strong backlog and pipeline. Our business is fueled by our highly talented associates. During 2022, we grew our team by about 2,900 associates. With this growth, we ended 2022 with the lowest percentage of open positions ever. When we're fully staffed, we provide our clients better service, which results in better retention. We also sell more in territories that are fully staffed. We have carefully aligned our hiring with recent demand and the long-term opportunity we have for growth. Our 2023 outlook reflects our most recent experiences from Q4. We've also been prudent in considering the potential impact of volatility from the global environment. We expect to deliver at least 21.5% margins across a wide range of economic scenarios. And our guidance has opportunity for upside if the business performs in line with historical trends. Craig will take you through our guidance in more detail. One of the unique things about Gartner is that we provide value to enterprises that are thriving, shortly or anywhere in between. By being exceptionally agile and adapting to the changing world, we have sustained record of success. We're well prepared as we enter 2023. We've carefully aligned staffing levels with demand and we have the lowest percentage of open positions ever. Our content addresses today's mission critical priorities. And we know the right things to do to be successful in any environment. In closing, we again saw strong growth across the business. Looking ahead, we are well positioned to drive growth far into the future. Even as we invest for future growth, we expect margins to increase modestly over time and we generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income or return capital to our shareholders through buybacks, which reduces shares outstanding and increases returns over time. With that, I'll hand the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian.
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene, and good morning. Fourth quarter results were strong with double-digit growth in contract value, revenue, EBITDA and adjusted EPS. FX neutral growth was even stronger than our reported results. We also delivered better than planned EBITDA margins. During 2022, we generated almost $1 billion of free cash flow and we returned more than that to shareholders through stock repurchases. Our financial performance for the full-year 2022 included total contract value growth of 12%, total revenue growth of 16%, EBITDA growth of 14%, diluted adjusted EPS of $11.27, and free cash flow of $993 million. We are introducing 2023 guidance, which reflects higher than normal variability in the set of reasonably likely outcomes. The guidance accounts for the tough compares at the start of the year and the opportunity for upside if near-term demand is stronger than we built into the outlook. With the catch up hiring we did last year; we are very well positioned to add value to enterprise function leaders and their teams across all industries and around the world. Fourth quarter revenue was $1.5 billion, up 15% year-over-year as reported and 20% FX neutral. In addition, total contribution margin was 68%, down 100 basis points versus the prior year. EBITDA was $421 million, up 37% year-over-year and up 44% FX neutral. Adjusted EPS was $3.70, up 24% and free cash flow in the quarter was $166 million. We finished the year with 19,505 associates, up 18% from the end of 2021. About 40% of the headcount growth was catch up from prior years. Our hiring has been carefully calibrated to revenue growth and future demand and we are well positioned from a talent perspective heading into 2023. Research revenue in the fourth quarter grew 9% year-over-year as reported and 13% on an FX neutral basis driven by our strong contract value growth. Fourth quarter research contribution margin was 74%, consistent with 2021. The contribution margin had a benefit during the quarter from somewhat lower headcount levels and travel expenses still modestly below our post-pandemic expectations. For the full-year 2022, research revenues increased by 12% on a reported basis and 16% FX neutral. The gross contribution margin for the year was 74% in line with 2021. Contract value or CV represents the annualized revenue under contract at a point in time. In looking at our global contract value across both GTS and GBS, more than 75% of our CV is from enterprise function leaders and their teams with the bulk of the balance coming from leaders at tech vendors. Our enterprise function leaders business includes IT leaders, who are end users of technology and who we serve through our GTS sales force. And leaders of other business functions who we serve through our GBS sales force. In both cases, we serve leaders around the world and across all industries. We're helping these enterprise function leaders address their most important mission critical priorities. CV was $4.7 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, up 11.9% versus the prior year and up 12.3% adjusted for the impact of exiting Russia. CV from enterprise function leaders across GTS and GBS grew at strong double-digit rates. CV from tech vendors grew high-single-digits, compared to a high-teens growth rate in the fourth quarter of 21. Quarterly net contract value increase or NCVI was $189 million [Technical Difficulty] business of almost $400 million. CV growth was broad-based across practices, industry sectors, company sizes and geographic regions. Across our combined practices, all industry sectors grew at double-digit rates other than technology and media, which grew at high-single-digit rates. The fastest growth was in the transportation, retail and manufacturing sectors. We had double-digit growth across all of our enterprise size categories. We also drove double-digit growth in nine of our top 10 countries, with high-single-digit growth in the 10. Global technology sales CV was $3.6 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, up 10% versus prior year and up 10.5% adjusted for the exit of Russia. GTS had quarterly NCVI of $138 million, while retention for GTS was 105% for the quarter. GTS new business was down 8.5% versus last year. New business with IT function leaders was up modestly year-over-year against a tough compare. New business with tech vendors facing even tougher compare against Q4 of 2021, which was its strongest quarter ever. GTS quota-bearing headcount was up 18%, compared to December of last year, about 40% of the growth was catch up hiring from 2021. Our continued investments in our sales teams will drive long-term sustained double-digit growth. Our regular full set of GTS metrics can be found in the appendix of our earnings supplement. Global business sales CV was over $1 billion at the end of fourth quarter, up 19% year-over-year, which is above the high-end of our medium-term outlook of 12% to 16%. All of our GBS practices other than marketing grew at double-digit growth rates led by supply chain and HR, which both continued to grow faster than 20%. GBS CV increased $52 million from the third quarter, while retention for GBS was 112%. GBS new business was up 3% versus last year against a very strong compare. The two-year compound annual growth rate for new business was 9%. GBS quota-bearing headcount increased 22% year-over-year with a little more than 50% of the growth being catch up from 2021. Headcount we hired in 2022 will help to position us for sustained double-digit growth in the future. As with GTS, our regular full set of GBS metrics can be found in the appendix of our earnings supplement. Conferences revenue for the fourth quarter was $188 million, contribution margin in the quarter was 53%, we held nine in-person conferences in the quarter. It has been very exciting for our business to return to in-person conferences. For the full year 2022, revenue increased 82% on a reported basis and 90% FX neutral. Gross contribution margin was 54%. Fourth quarter consulting revenues increased by 17% year-over-year to $138 million. On an FX neutral basis, revenues were up 24%. Consulting contribution margin was 37% in the fourth quarter. Labor based revenues were $96 million, up 11% versus Q4 of last year and up 19% on an FX neutral basis. Backlog at December 31 was $140 million, increasing 24% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis with another strong bookings quarter. The inclusion of multi-year contracts in our backlog calculation a change we described earlier last year, contributed about 13 percentage points to the year-over-year growth rate. Our contract optimization business had a very strong quarter increasing 36 % as reported and 39% on an FX neutral basis versus the prior year. As we have detailed in the past, this part of the consulting segment is highly variable. Full-year consulting revenue was up 15% on a reported basis and 22% on an FX neutral basis. Gross contribution margin of 39% was up 140 basis points from 2021. Consolidated cost of services increased 19% year-over-year in the fourth quarter as reported and 24% on an FX neutral basis. The biggest drivers of the increase were higher headcount to support our continued strong growth and the return to in-person destination conferences. SG&A decreased 3% year-over-year in the fourth quarter as reported and increased 1% on an FX neutral basis. We had lower non-cash non-recurring charges in 2022, compared to 2021. On a comparable basis, SG&A was up due to additional headcount for sales and G&A functions. For the full -year, cost of services increased 17% on a reported basis and 21% on an FX neutral basis. SG&A increased 15% on a reported basis and 19% on an FX neutral basis in 2022. EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $421 million, up 37% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 44% FX neutral. Fourth quarter EBITDA upside to our guidance reflected revenue exceeding our forecasts, most notably in consulting and expenses at the low-end of our expectations. EBITDA for the full-year was $1.47 billion, 14% increase over 2021 on a reported basis and up 19% FX neutral. Depreciation was $24 million in the fourth quarter, down modestly versus 2021. Net interest expense excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter was $29 million about flat with the prior year. The modest floating rate debt we have is fully hedged through maturity. The Q4 adjusted tax rate, which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income was 16.7% for the quarter. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was 23.2% for the quarter. The full-year tax rate was 21.6% on the same basis. Adjusted EPS in Q4 was $3.70, up 19% year-over-year. The average share count for the fourth quarter was 80 million shares. This is a reduction of about 3.7 million shares or about 4% year-over-year. We exited the fourth quarter with about 80 million shares outstanding on an unweighted basis. For the full-year, adjusted EPS was $11.27, EPS growth for the year was 22%. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $203 million, excluding insurance proceeds in Q4 of 2021, operating cash flow was down about 7%. Q4 cash flow was impacted by Hurricane Ian, which hit our center of excellence in Fort Myers extremely hard in late September. While we were able to sell and service our clients from Fort Myers, we did have some delays in getting invoices out as quickly as we normally would. Elections for some of these delayed invoices slipped into January, but we are now caught up. CapEx for the quarter was $38 million, up about $16 million year-over-year, led by increases in capitalized technology labor costs and catch-up laptop spend. Free cash flow for the quarter was $166 million. Free cash flow growth continues to be an important part of our business model with modest CapEx needs and upfront client payments. As many of you know, we generate free cash flow well in excess of net income. Our conversion from EBITDA is also very strong. With the differences being cash interest, cash taxes and modest CapEx, partially offset by strong working capital cash inflows. Free cash flow as a percent of revenue or free cash flow margin was 18% on a rolling fourth quarter basis. On the same basis, free cash flow was 68% of EBITDA and 123% of GAAP net income. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had almost $700 million of cash. Our December 31 debt balance was $2.5 billion. Our reported gross debt to trailing-12-month EBITDA was under 2 times. Our expected free cash flow generation, unused revolver and excess cash remaining on the balance sheet provide ample liquidity to deliver on our capital allocation strategy of share repurchases, and strategic tuck-in M&A. Our balance sheet is very strong with $1.7 billion of liquidity, low levels of leverage and effectively fixed interest rates. We repurchased more than $1 billion of stock throughout 2022. We expect the Board will refresh our share repurchase authorization as needed, which they did earlier this month. We now have about $1 billion authorized for share repurchases. Across the past two years, we have returned $2.7 billion to shareholders by repurchasing more than 11 million shares. Over that timeframe, we have reduced our shares outstanding by 11%. As we continue to repurchase shares, our capital base will shrink. This is accretive to earnings per share and combined with growing profits also delivers increasing returns on invested capital over time. Before providing the 2023 guidance details, I want to discuss our base level assumptions and planning philosophy for 2023. For research, we continue to innovate and provide a very compelling value proposition for clients and prospects. Executives and their teams face uncertainty and challenges and they recognize how Gartner can help regardless of the economic environment. Our plan allows for a higher-than-normal level of uncertainty in the world as Gene discussed. We've got tough compares across the business and particularly with tech vendors for another quarter or two. We've taken a prudent approach based on historical trends, as well as more normal patterns which we reflected in the guidance. If near-term demand is stronger than we've built into the outlook and NCVI phasing, retention rates, and non-subscription growth performed closer to the way they have historically, there would be upside to our guidance. In addition, our teams are focused on driving greater growth than what's embedded in the guidance. Finally, as you think about GBS overall CV and revenue growth for 2023, please keep in mind that we closed on the divestiture of a small non-core asset last week. We sold Talentneuron which we acquired as part of the CEB transaction for $164 million. In the earnings supplement appendix, we've provided historical contract value updated for 2023 FX rates, as well as the removal of Talentneuron from prior years. For conferences, we are basing our guidance on being 100% in-person for the 47 destination conferences we have planned for 2023. We expect to return to more typical seasonality for the business with fourth quarter the largest followed by the second quarter. For consulting revenues, we have more visibility into the first half based on the composition of our backlog and pipeline as usual. Contract optimization is seasonally slower in the first quarter and remains highly variable. We had a very strong year in 2022, especially in contract optimization in the fourth quarter. Our base level assumptions for consolidated expenses reflect significant headcount increases from 2022 annualizing into 2023. Our plan for headcount for 2023 is more in line with our normal model as we caught up on hiring last year. If demand is stronger than what's in the initial plan, we will have opportunity to add even more great talent to our teams. We also expect T&E cost to more fully normalize this year. Finally, we continue to invest in our systems and process automation, both client facing and internal applications as part of our innovation and continuous improvement programs. We will continue both to manage expenses prudently to support future growth and deliver strong margins. At current rates, FX will be a modest tailwind to growth for the full-year with the benefit in the second half. Our guidance for 2023 is as follows: we expect research revenue of at least $4.92 billion, which is growth of about 7%. Excluding the effect of the divest adds 1 percentage point to the year-over-year growth rate. We expect conferences revenue of at least $445 million, which is growth of about 14%. We expect consulting revenue of at least $500 million, which is growth of about 4%. The result is an outlook for consolidated revenue of at least $5.865 billion, which is growth of about 7%. Excluding the divested business from 2022 would add about 80 basis points to the growth rate. As I've mentioned, we've taken a prudent approach to planning for 2023. This applies to revenue, operating expenses and free cash flow. We expect full-year EBITDA of at least $1.26 billion. We expect to be able to deliver at least 21.5% margins in most economic scenarios. If revenue is stronger than our guidance, we expect upside to EBITDA and margins. Included in the guidance is equity comp of $132 million, up from 2022. We expect 2023 adjusted EPS of at least $8.80 per share. For 2023, we expect free cash flow of at least $920 million. Our EPS guidance is based on 80 million shares, which only assumes repurchases to offset dilution. Finally, for the first quarter of 2023, we expect to deliver at least $310 million of EBITDA. All the details of our full-year guidance are included on our Investor Relations site. Our strong performance in 2022 continued in the fourth quarter. Contract value grew 12%, adjusted EPS increased 195, fueled in part by the significant reduction of shares in 2021 and 2022. Over the past few years, our hiring has been carefully calibrated to demand and we are well positioned from a top perspective heading into 2023. Our continued investments in our teams will drive long-term sustained double-digit growth. We repurchased more than $1 billion in stock last year and remain committed to returning excess capital to our shareholders over time. As I mentioned, we expect to generate at least $920 million in free cash flow in 2023. In addition, we have ample liquidity and the net proceeds from last week's divestiture for capital deployment initiatives. Looking out over the medium-term, our financial model and expectations are unchanged. With 12% to 16% research CV growth, we will deliver double-digit revenue growth. With gross margin expansion, sales costs growing in line with CV growth and G&A leverage, we can modestly expand margins. We can grow free cash flow at least as fast as EBITDA, because of our modest CapEx needs and the benefits of our clients paying us upfront. And we'll continue to deploy our capital on share repurchases, which will lower the share count over time and on strategic value enhancing tuck-in M&A. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will conduct the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jeff Meuler from Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Meuler: Yes, thank you. Maybe if you could talk through what you think for the outlook for the tech vendor channel? Just given the more recent risks and a need to cycle through kind of renewals on annual and multi-year contracts? And related to that, is there an opportunity or a plan to reallocate some of those sales resources into, kind of, the functional leader channels?
Gene Hall: Hey, Jeff. It's Gene, I'll get started. So as we think about the tech vendor channel, I'm going to start with tech industry itself, the technology companies. And we think that those as being in two different segments: One, is sort of enterprise IT and the other is consumer and devices, things like that. On the enterprise IT, we're expecting the technology companies -- technology vendors to grow about 7.8% globally during 23. And the reason they're growing pretty robustly is that enterprise IT spending that's the ones that are not certainly consumers is selling to large complex B2B sales and they tend to be multi-year contracts and annual increases, et cetera. So that's the technology vendors that are selling to enterprise IT. They're also seeing continued demand for cloud, security, digital modernization. And so all those things are growing at a much higher rate than the general tech industry. And when we survey CEOs, that CEO's this is a end users, their customers, they're buying the speed of the equipment. Their business is saying things, I believe digital modernization is still really important to meet the economic situation, as well as staffing situations they face, as well as consumer requirements for more technology and services they offer. So on the enterprise IT, just summarizing the enterprise IT, tech vendors, we have to see that growing about 7.8% globally at 23. On the consumer device side, that's going to be a lot worse in the sense that we expect demand to be lower there. And that's because a lot of demand was pulled forward during the recession and during the pandemic. And so there's sort of a tale of two cities in the tech industry. So that's the tech vendors themselves, our business is predominantly on the enterprise IT side. We just proportionally serve those. So looking forward, we expect actually to check vendors that we serve to be doing okay as opposed to the consumer and device manufacturers, which we expect actually to shrink during 2023. And so that translates into our own business we expect -- we had a -- as Craig [Indiscernible] results, our vendor, our sales force that sells to technology vendors actually went from very high teens growth. I'm sorry, that's a high teens growth to low-single-digit growth. So they actually -- Im sorry in high-single-digit growth. So they actually performed pretty well in the fourth quarter. Going forward again because our major business is selling to the enterprise IT technology vendors, we expect that business to do pretty well on a go forward basis.
Craig Safian: And Jeff, the last part of your question on the territory assignment and where we're putting our growth, we've got a pretty robust territory optimization and analytics team that is always looking at this and we have the ability to very quickly and with a lot of agility flex up or down on where we're putting those territories. And so obviously as we're looking at our selling environment and the growth of the business, we're continuing to allocate those resources accordingly. And then the last thing, I mentioned and you sort of had this buried in your question, but I'll pull it out, is our business selling to the enterprise functions, both in IT and outside of IT through GBS performed very, very well in Q4 and for the full-year. And it was really the tech vendors that had, as Gene said, a very tough compare going from high-teens growth to high-single-digit growth in the quarter.
Jeff Meuler: Appreciate that. And maybe just a follow-up, given that comment on the strength selling to the functional leader channel. Productivity metrics, I understand, kind of, the way the metric works and the year-over-year acceleration in sales headcount growth, but productivity was down and quarterly productivity was also quite a bit down year-over-year. Can you just kind of like tease out 10-year mix impacts? I don't know if there's anything on -- anything further to say at the tech vendor channel, but just kind of like help us bridge that because it does look pretty soft. Thank you.
Gene Hall: Yes. So Jeff, I mean, again, the way to kind of think about the results in quarter and if you look at it on a rolling four quarter basis, is again that the end user side of the GTS business held up really, really well. And performed really well throughout the year and in the fourth quarter, including the productivity. And again just we saw that deceleration from high-teens to high-single-digits, obviously impacting the productivity as well. I think as we have brought in more and more new associates and the sales force. Last year, we talked about in 2021 rather, we had the best tender mix we've ever had. In 2022, we had really the highest proportion of new people we've ever had that's obviously going to impact productivity. We'll start to see the benefits of the tenuring over the course of 2023 as all of those people we hired over the course of 2022 start getting up the productivity curves.
Jeff Meuler: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heather Balsky from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Heather Balsky: Hi, thank you for taking my question. I guess, first off, you've communicated a fair amount during the call that you're taking a prudent approach to guidance. And I know you just addressed the tech center piece of the business, but I'm curious if you can elaborate a little bit in terms of how you're thinking about the overall macro environment in your guide, especially on the research side? And then as well for conferences and consulting, because it seems like the guide for those parts of the business imply the economy holds up pretty well. So just want to kind of get your deeper into your train of thought? Thanks.
Craig Safian: Sure. Good morning, Heather, and thanks for the questions. So I think a couple of thoughts there. So I'll start with conferences and consulting first. And so as we look at those two businesses, again, coming off of very strong 2022, if you look at the backlog position in consulting, we actually entered the year in really good shape. We had a very strong delivery quarter in the fourth quarter, but also a very strong bookings quarter. And again, based on the visibility that we have, roughly through the first half of the year, we feel really good about the consulting business and the trending looks good there. And again, I think our client base to Genes earlier comments about the tech sector, are still embarking on a lot of -- embarking or continuing on a lot of digital transformation and major tech projects and programs where our consulting team really can't help them get the most value out of that. On the conferences side, again, we had a great year of returning to in-person conferences in 2022 and the team has done a fantastic job of driving forward, what we call, forward bookings, but basically locking up the revenue from the exhibitor side into 2023, and so as Gene mentioned, we've got significantly more than 50% of our pre bookings already under contract. As we head into 2023, and so feel very, very good about the conferences business as well. On the research side, again, our enterprise function leader business is performing very well and we expect that to continue to perform well. We do have -- continue to have tough compares there, but we do -- we're driving great value for our clients and we expect that to continue. We have been thoughtful and prudent about our experience in the fourth quarter with our tech vendor clients and making sure that we don't assume just some magical return to high-teens growth right out of the gate. And so we're trying to be prudent by making sure we use our most recent experience, enrolling that through the four quarters from a research perspective. But again, end user enterprise function leader business again performing very strong, nice double-digit growth rates. The tech vendor business still at high-single-digits. Just down from where we were a year ago.
Heather Balsky: Thank you. And as a follow-up question, sort of, a follow-up on the last -- the earlier question with regards to the new associates and the hiring you've done, you're going into a potentially tougher environment in 2023. And you have a kind of a relatively young sales force. How are you preparing your teams for this environment and thoughts around ability to attract new customers in this environment with sort of associates who are, say, one-year in?
Gene Hall : Hey, Heather, it's Gene. So we always train our associates on what are the most important mission critical priorities with our clients and prospects today. One of the issues that's going to be on people's minds in some industries is going to be cost reduction. And so we train our salespeople on, among other things how to help clients with cost reduction. We're a very small proportion of cost for any client. They can't -- they're not going to save a lot of money by cutting our services. On the other hand, we can help them save a whole number of multiples of what they pay for us in their actual ongoing business. In addition to that, as I mentioned earlier, most companies, even in a tough environment [Indiscernible] they want to invest in technology and it's on things, like automation that helps with their own labor situation, their own labor costs, [Indiscernible] other kinds of costs. And again, the continuing transition to more and more digital services that are often in just about every single industry. So we train our new salespeople on both how to sell to clients that value proposition, which is the continuing transition to digital, but also how to save money on their IT purchases, so that they actually get -- they could be more efficient over time. So the combination of those things, and of course, our traditional selling skills where we -- I think, are quite good at training new salespeople in terms of how to sell effectively, you put those things together and it lets new salespeople -- they're not as productive as experienced salespeople, but they're actually quite good in the broad context.
Heather Balsky: Alright. Thank you for the help.
Operato: Thank you. Our next question comes from Toni Kaplan from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks, so much. Wanted to start out on the margins. Margins in the quarter, really exceptionally strong again. And obviously, the guide being 21.5% next year. You've had about 2.5 quarters, let's say, of this sort of higher sales headcount level. I guess, are you fully back on T&E? What's really going to drive the margins to that sort of low 20s level?
Craig Safian: Good morning, Toni. Yes, I mean, the way to think about the bridge from 2022 to 2023 is consistent with the way we've been talking about it for the last several quarters. And so, the biggest piece of it is the annualization of all the hiring we did in 2022 and obviously, paying the full load for all those new associates over the course of 2023. So that's by far the biggest piece of it. A lot of our hiring was back-end loaded or second-half loaded, I should say. And so, obviously, there's a pretty significant uplift in the annual cost as we annualize all of those individuals. There's an element of T&E, to your point. And so, we're -- fourth quarter was kind of in line with where we expected to be. But obviously, the first part of 2022, we were still mostly in lockdown and not traveling. And so, there are incremental T&E expense that we expect in 2023, as we get to kind of the new normal of travel post-pandemic. And there's a few other nits here and there, but the two primary ones are really the annualization of the headcount and a little bit more on the T&E side.
Toni Kaplan: Okay. Great. And wanted to ask about free cash flow. I know you mentioned a couple of things in the prepared remarks, but maybe just talk about why the free cash flow came in below the guidance and then the 23 guidance also looked a little bit lighter than I was thinking? So any puts and takes on free cash flow would be helpful. Thanks.
Craig Safian: Yes, absolutely. So in 2022, the bulk of the story is, what, I discussed in my prepared remarks, which is just some invoicing delays coming out as a result of the Hurricane. And we thought we would be able to get all caught up on that in 2022 and a bunch of it did slip into 2023. And actually, through the end of January, we actually are all caught up on that. So we feel good about both the 22 finish and getting that all behind us. In terms of 2023, obviously, there can be a lot of variability to the free cash flow numbers. If you look at it on the surface from the guidance, the free cash flow margin is in line with what we'd expect free cash flow as a percent of EBITDA is roughly where we'd expect and the free cash flow conversion as a percent of GAAP net income is in the range as well. And so, I think the free cash flow guidance and the free cash flow expectation is sort of in line with the business performance. I do think there are a couple of things impacting 23 that potentially put it a little bit below your expectations, probably, most notably cash taxes. So because of all that extra earnings in 2022, we have more to pay in taxes, and that's obviously reflected into 2023 free cash flow guidance as well.
Toni Kaplan: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Andrew Nicholas from William Blair. Your line is open.
Andrew Nicholas: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First one I wanted to ask was just on conferences. I think you said in your prepared remarks that there would be 47 conferences in 23, or at least that's what's planned at this point and all in-person. Obviously, a decent bit lower than where you were running pre-pandemic. So just looking for an update in terms of strategy there. I know you've talked about adding conferences to different functional lines over the course of the next couple of years. Where does kind of 23 sit relative to your ultimate goal on conferences? And is there the potential for additional destination conferences to be added as we move through the year?
Gene Hall: Yes. Hey Andrew. So the -- our strategy is to have conferences for all the major functional areas in our businesses, I think, in IT, HR, finance, et cetera, as well as within -- cybersecurity applications and so forth. And we're far from that now -- and sorry, and also each of those conferences in each of our major geographies. And so, there's a -- it will take us a long time to get to the point where we have the aspiration I just said, which is to have a conference for every major of share count in every major geographic region. And we're at -- because these conferences add so much value to our -- the attendees, our seat holders that actually go and attend these conferences, we really want to expand those as quickly as we can. We're limited by what you do operationally with how fast we can actually hire people and build these conferences. And so, we're going to continue on that path. We did that -- we've had as an as we think we can handle operationally in 2023. If we find during the year, we can have more, we will do that. And certainly, in 24, 25, 26, we expect to have a continuing expansion of these conferences, again, because of the very high value they provide to our attendees, our seat holders and also our prospects.
Andrew Nicholas: Great. Thank you. And then for my follow-up, switching gears a little bit. I just wanted to ask more specifically about growth in GBS. You talked about some of the things that have, kind of, evolved outside of the functional leader channel in GTS. But can you speak to the different businesses within GBS, how conversations with clients have evolved over the past couple of months there? And if there's any individual businesses there to call out either positively or negatively relative to last quarter? Thank you.
Gene Hall: Yes. We had great performance in GBS during 2022, including the fourth quarter. There's tremendous opportunity in GBS. As with the rest of our business, really grow GBS as quickly as we can to capture that enormous opportunity. We had growth in -- across all functional areas, very robust growth, actually. And the areas that were slower, it was more internal operational things that we had. So for example, we might have had one area where we were a little slow in hiring than another area. And so, the places that GBS was a little slower, we believe are more due to more internal operational things that we're working on. But again, the overall performance was very strong, we're very happy with that performance.
Craig Safian: Yes. And Andrew, just to underscore that, I mean, 18.9% growth for the full-year coming off of a 24% full-year growth in 2021 is really, really strong, continued consistent growth. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, both supply chain and HR were well above 20% year-over-year growth again, coming off of really strong years in 2021 as well. And so, really strong demand there. It's indicative of the fact that across all of GBS, we are providing enormous value to the functional leaders that we serve in finance, HR, supply chain, marketing, sales, legal and so on.
Andrew Nicholas: Thank you. Ill get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Weber from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Seth Weber: Hey, good morning, guys. Gene, in an answer to one of the prior questions, you mentioned customers looking to manage costs better. I'm wondering if you're getting any pushback on pricing, less appetite for multiyear contracts? Or can you just talk about the pricing environment and how perceptive customers are? And what you think that might look like in an environment where inflation starts to come down? Thanks.
Gene Hall: Yes. So we've had larger-than-usual price increases over the recent past, because of accelerated inflation. And we've had, I'd say, essentially zero pushback from our clients on it. And if you look at the cost of Gartner for an individual user or for even a contract for the company, it's a small ticket item. And whether it increases 3% or 7% isn't a swing factor. The swing factor is the value we provide. And we provide a tremendous better value to these clients for the costs that they have to pay, spend any alternative and can provide some credible value. So we have had, I'd say, kind of, no measurable pushback on our price increases, even though they're at higher rates.
Seth Weber: Okay. And is there still appetite for multiyear contracts? Or is that changed 
Gene Hall: Yes, absolutely. Absolutely. In fact, again, the -- many of our clients prefer multi-year contracts. It's a small ticket item and they have administrative costs in dealing with it. And so, many, if not most of our clients actually prefer multi-years, because the procurement people don't want to waste their time doing this over and over again. And so, to actually see demand from our clients for multi-years as opposed to the other way around.
Craig Safian: Yes. And on top of that, obviously, their mission-critical priorities are not founded by a contractual term. And so, they want to make sure that they have support and insight to support their mission-critical priorities. And so, we've seen no pushback at all on our ability to sell multiyear contracts.
Seth Weber: Okay. And then Craig, you mentioned the 50% sign-up prebooking for the conference business. Can you just -- how does that compare to pre-COVID levels for this time of the year?
Craig Safian: Yes, it's a great question. So actually, significantly greater than 50% is actually the -- what both Gene and I said, we're actually comparable or perhaps even a little bit stronger than we were pre-pandemic on that metric.
Q - Seth Webe: Perfect. Okay, thank you very much guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Tong from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
George Tong: Hi, thanks. Good morning. You mentioned headcount growth in 2023 for Research will be more in line with the normal model. Can you discuss how hiring is progressing in GTS and GBS given the tight labor market? And what level of headcount growth do you think will be achievable this year?
A - Gene Hal: Hey, George. So the -- our -- we are a very attractive employer in the marketplace. When we go for talent, we're a place that people want to work. And we -- it's a -- we're actually a tough place to drive into reverse selective as well. We've had no trouble hiring at all, which is why our growth rate in our associate body has accelerated so much as I talked about in my remarks. So again, we're an attractive place to work, people going want to work here. And so, they have a great associate value proposition, so we don't have any trouble hiring people.
Craig Safian: And I think, George, the way to think about just building on Gene's comments, we've -- in 21 and 22, we invested to rebuild our recruiting function and recruiting capacity. And we have that now available rolling forward. As Gene mentioned, we have a great selling brand and associate brand more broadly for those recruiters to go out and attract people. As we think about the headcount growth for this year, it is more in line with our kind of normal algorithm where we expect to grow headcount 4 points to 5 points lower than CV growth. That being said, given the recruitment capacity we have and given our standing in the market, if we see our CV growth accelerating, it gives us the opportunity to potentially go a little bit faster there. And if we see challenges with the business, we can easily tap the breaks and slow down. So we've built a plan that we feel real comfortable with that is in line with our normal -- or our go-forward model, but also allows us the flexibility to flex up or flex down given on what we're seeing from a demand perspective.
George Tong: Got it. That's helpful. And then as a follow-up, you're guiding to at least 21.5% EBITDA margins in 2023. Under what conditions could you outperform the 21.5% target?
Craig Safian: Yes. I mean, I think that the major way would be from revenue upside. And as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've taken a prudent approach on the revenue, on the expenses and on the free cash flow. And if revenue does come in stronger, we would anticipate potential upside to the margins, that's probably the primary way that we see it. We are, again, making sure that we are calibrating all of our expenses most notably headcount, but all of our expenses with what we're seeing from a revenue perspective. And we're making sure that we're also seeing the right investments so that we can sustain growth into the future and also deliver really, really strong margins. And so, we feel like we've got the balance right now. We're obviously -- our structural margins are significantly higher than they were pre-pandemic. And as we talk about, we believe we could modestly expand margins on a year-over-year-over-year basis moving forward.
George Tong: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeff Silber: Thanks so much. You mentioned the divestiture of the Talentneuron business. Can we get a little bit more color on that? It looks like you own that business for about five or six years. What did it do? Why we sell it now? And should we expect any other kind of divestitures?
Gene Hall: Hi, Jeff. So Talentneuron is a business that provides data -- labor market data, principally to people that -- in companies, that are doing long-term planning for where companies should have their workforce. And we've got the business when we bought CEB. It was an acquisition CEB had done. When we bought CEB, therefore, we acquired that business. As we looked at it, we've been looking at the business to see does it really fit with our business on a go-forward basis, and it is strategic to us. We've looked at it in a lot of depth. We've looked for innovative ways we could use it. And at the end of the day, we decided that it was not a strategic bet that were better owners for that business than us, which is why we divested it. Lets just focus on the -- our core business in HR, which that was not really related to. In terms of other divestitures, again, if we see things that don't fit our core business, we would divest them. We'll discuss those when it's appropriate.
Jeff Silber: All right. Great. Sorry, I got the name mixed up with Jimmy Neutron. In terms of my follow-up, nothing mid take here, you provided a tremendous amount of data. But in looking at wallet retention, it did decline slightly year-over-year. Is there anything to read into it? Are you giving pricing concessions or people pushing back on reordering, et cetera?
Craig Safian: Jeff, I won't comment on your Jimmy Neutron comment. We'll save that for later. In terms of wallet retention, again, I think it's consistent with the way we talked about all of the GTS business earlier and the overall research business as well. Our enterprise function leader business performed very, very well across GBS and GTS. And essentially, what you're seeing in the wild is just that deceleration of the tech vendor business from high teens growth to single-digit growth. Even with that, it's still really strong at 105%, obviously, well above 100% and significantly in excess of client retention. And so, the core value is still there. But the slight deceleration or variance on a year-over-year basis can be completely attributed to the tech center business. And again, I underscore the enterprise function business in both GTS and GBS performed very well in the fourth quarter.
Jeff Silber: Okay. Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Manav Patnaik from Barclays. Your line is open.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Good morning. I just wanted to clarify on the tech lender side again. I think you said it was a quarter of your business. It grew high-single-digits. And did I hear you say that even for 23, you assume it's going to be growing high-single-digits? I was just curious if that decel was due to churn or new business and how that's going to come basically?
Craig Safian: Hey, good morning, Manav. So we didn't talk about the expectation from a CV growth perspective. For any part of the business, we don't provide CV guidance or anything like that. I think, again, it's -- as we built the plan and our guidance for 2023, we've utilized what we saw in the fourth quarter in terms of retention metrics, new business metrics and productivity metrics and things of that nature as some of the inputs to extrapolate out our expectation for 2023. I think on the tech vendor side, in particular, obviously, there's a lot going on in that industry right now. We're still selling through it. High-single-digit growth is still pretty nice growth, just not high-teens growth. And so, we believe that given the value proposition that we have for even leaders in that space, that we've got a great value proposition and a great set of products, and we'll continue to serve those clients and help them with their mission-critical priorities in the same way that we help the enterprise function leaders across GTS and GBS.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. Got it. And then just on the sales -- the question around the sales force growth. You said 4 points to 5 points below CV. I guess -- and I think you said lowest level of open position. So does that mean this year's growth is going to be less than the kind of -- maybe even much less than the kind of 10% we were used to historically?
Craig Safian: Yes. So we recalibrated the way that we were going to grow the sales force back in 2019. And essentially, the model -- obviously, 2022 is different, because we had to do a lot of catch up. But our model moving forward is we want to essentially not dilute our overall cost of sale. And the way we do that is grow the sales headcount, call it, 4 points to 5 points depending on wage inflation, slower than CV growth. That's our stated model moving forward. And so, that's what we've got in place for 2023. And so, yes, it will not be 10% to 15% headcount growth unless we see 15% to 20% CV growth. And again, as I mentioned, during George's question, we believe we are set up to speed up or slow down accordingly as needed. And so, if we see CV growth start to accelerate, we have the recruitment capacity to be able to increase that. And if we see CV growth slowing, we obviously can tap the brakes as well. So we feel like we're in a really, really good place from a talent perspective. We are, as we both mentioned, Gene and I carefully calibrating headcount growth and expenses. And we feel like we've struck the right balance between making sure we're investing for future growth and delivering strong margin performance.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I am showing no further questions from our phone lines. I'd now like to turn the conference back over to Gene Hall for any closing remarks.
Gene Hall: Here's what I'd like you to take away from today's call. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we again saw strong growth across the business. Gartner delivers incredible value to enterprises that are thriving, struggling or anywhere in between. By being exceptionally agile and adaptive to a changing world, we've delivered a sustained record of success. We're well prepared as we enter 2023. We've carefully aligned staffing levels with demand and with the lowest percentage of open positions ever. Our content is today's mission-critical priorities. And we know the right things to do to be successful in any environment. Looking ahead, we're well positioned to drive growth far into the future. And even as we invest for future growth, we expect margin to increase modestly over time. We generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income. We'll return capital to our shareholders through buybacks, which reduced shares outstanding and increases returns over time. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning everyone. Welcome to Gartners Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. I am David of Investor Relations. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After comments by Gene Hall, Gartners Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Gartners Chief Financial Officer there will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. This call will include a discussion of third quarter 2022 financial results. And Gartners updated outlook for 2022 as disclosed in todays earnings release and earnings supplement both posted to our website, investor.gartner.com. On the call unless stated otherwise all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, but the adjustments is described in our earnings release and the supplement. All growth rates in Genes comments are FX-neutral, unless stated otherwise. All references to share counts are for fully diluted weighted average share counts, unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2022 foreign exchange rates unless stated otherwise. As set forth in more detail in todays earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the companys 2021 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now, I will turn the call over to Gartners Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Good morning. Thanks for joining us. We continue to deliver incredible value to more than 15,000 enterprises around the world. This led to another strong performance in the third quarter. We achieved double digit growth in contract value, revenue, EBITDA and EPS. We have strong growth in all practices, all industry sectors, across every size plant and in every region. In addition, through Q3, we repurchased over a billion dollars of stock. Our clients continue to face a rapidly changing world, things like digital transformation, future of work, high inflation, shifting customer needs, supply chain disruptions, and more. Our clients know they need help on these issues. And they know Gartner is the best source of help. Through our actual objective insights we help executives and their teams across all major enterprise functions achieve their mission critical priorities. We know how to help whether our clients are thriving, struggling, or somewhere in between. With all of this demand for our services remain strong. Research continues to be our largest and most profitable segments. Total research revenue grew 15%. Contract value growth was 14%. We serve executives and their teams through distinct sales channels. Global technology Sales or GTS serves leaders and their teams within IT. We help chief information officers achieve mission critical priorities, such as leading digital transformations, financing talent and challenging labor market and fueling innovation. GTS contract value group 13%. Global business sales or GBS service leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, marketing, sales, legal and more. We help leaders across these functions achieve their mission critical priorities. For example, we help HR leaders engage employees in a hybrid world, evolve organizational design with the transition to digital business, manage compensation in an inflationary environment, manage employee expectations on divisive social issues, and re-imagine the future of work. GBS contract valued grew 21%. Across GTS and GBS were driving relentless execution of proven practices, which in turn is driving our sustained results. Gartner conferences delivered valuable insights to an engaged and qualified audience. We continued our returns in person conferences. In October, we hosted two of our flagship conferences, IT symposium and Reimagine HR both in Orlando, Florida. Compared to 2019 attendance in IT symposium was up 12% and Reimagine HR attendance doubled. The feedback from our in person conferences has been resoundingly positive. Gartner consulting is an extension of Gartner research. Consulting helps clients execute their most strategic initiatives through deeper extended project based work. Consulting revenue grew 21% in the third quarter. Over the past few quarters the rapid growth of our business outpaced hiring. This quarter our associate base grew 18% year-over-year. This provides the capacity we need to serve our rapidly growing base of licensed users and positions us for sustained future growth. In closing, Gartner delivered another strong performance. Weve caught up on hiring in our position to deliver sustained future growth. Our underlying margins are in the low 20s comfortably above pre-pandemic levels. We expect them to modestly increase over time. Well continue to generate significant free cash flow in excess net income and will continue to return significant levels of capital to our shareholders. With that, Ill turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. 
Craig Safian: Thank you Gene and good morning. Third quarter results were strong with double digit growth and contract value revenue and adjusted EPS. FX neutral growth was even stronger than our reported results. We also delivered better than planned EBITDA margins, reflecting the strong third quarter, enthusiastic demand for our in person conferences and continued success in balancing cost discipline with investing for future growth we are again increasing our 2022 guidance. Third quarter revenue was $1.3 billion up 15% year-over-year as reported and 20% FX neutral. In addition, total contribution margin was 69% down 20 basis points versus the prior year. EBITDA was $332 million up 9% year-over-year and up 15% FX neutral. Adjusted EPS was $2.41 up 19% and free cash flow in the quarter was $283 million. Research revenue in the third quarter grew 11% year-over-year as reported and 15% on an FX neutral basis driven by our strong contract value growth. Third quarter research contribution margin was 74% modestly below last year. The continued higher than normal contribution margin reflects improved operational effectiveness, increased scale, travel expenses still modestly below our post pandemic expectations and research related headcount with a bit more catch up still to go. Contract value or CV was $4.5 billion at the end of the third quarter up 14.5% versus the prior year. CV growth is always FX neutral. Excluding the impact of exiting Russia, growth for Q3 would have been 14.9%. Quarterly net contract value increase or NCBI was $128 million. Quarterly NCBI is a helpful way to measure contracts value performance in the quarter even though there is notable seasonality in this metric. The sequential increase in CV of $128 million was driven by the combination of continued strong retention rates and near record new business of almost $250 million similar to the second quarter of this year and the third quarter of 2021. The 14.9% contract value growth was broad based across practices, industry sectors, company sizes, and geographic regions. Our technology practice grew 13% and all of our business practices led by HR and supply chain grew at double digit growth rates. All industry sectors including technology grew at double digit rates, with the fastest growth in transportation, retail and manufacturing. We had double digit growth across all of our enterprise size categories with our medium category growing the fastest. In the small category, the technology sector continued to grow at double digit rates. We also drove double digit growth across all of our top 10 countries other than China, where we saw continued single digit growth. Across our North America and Europe, Middle East and Africa regions, all industry sectors had double digit growth rates. Global Technology sales contract value was $3.5 billion at the end of the third quarter up 13% versus the prior year. GTS had quarterly NCBI of $88 million driven by strong retention and near record levels of new business for a third quarter. While retention for GTS was again strong at 107% for the quarter up about 310 basis points year-over-year. GTS new business was down 5% versus last year up against another tough compare. The two year compound annual growth rate was about 9%. GTS quota bearing headcount was up 16% compared to September of last year. Our continued investments in our sales teams will drive long term sustained double digit growth. Our regular full set of GTS metrics can be found in the appendix of our earnings supplement. Global Business sales contract value was $977 million at the end of the third quarter of 21% year-over-year which is above the high end of our medium term outlook of 12 to 16% GBS. CV increased $40 million from the second quarter, while retention for GBS was 114% for the quarter, up about 120 basis points year-over-year. GBS new business was up 1% compared to last year against the strong compare. The two year compound annual growth rate for new business was 18%. GBS quarter bearing headcount increased 19% year-over-year. Headcount we hire in 2022 will help to position us for sustained double digit growth in the future. As with GTS our regular full set of GBS metrics can be found in the appendix of our earnings supplement. Conferences revenue for the third quarter was $77 million ahead of our expectations as attendees and exhibitors were excited to get back to the in person experience. Contribution margin in the quarter was 52%. We held 10 in person conferences and three virtual conferences in the quarter. We held meetings in both virtual and in person formats. We plan to run nine in person destination conferences in the fourth quarter and have updated our guidance to reflect the strong demand we are seeing. Third quarter consulting revenues increased by 13% year-over-year to $107 million. On an FX neutral basis revenues were up 21%. Consulting contribution margin was 35% in the third quarter up 210 basis points versus the prior year with better than expected revenue and higher utilization rates. Labor base revenues were $90 million up 16% versus Q3 of last year and up 26% on an FX neutral basis. Backlog at September 30 was $162 million increasing 33% year-over-year on an FX basis with another strong bookings quarter. The inclusion of multiyear contracts in our backlog calculation, a change we described earlier in the year contributed about 11 percentage points to the year-over-year growth rate. Our contract optimization business declined three percentage reported and 1% on an FX neutral basis versus the prior year. As we have detailed in the past, this part of the consulting segment is highly variable. Consolidated cost of services increased 16% year-over-year in the third quarter as reported and 21% on an FX neutral basis. The biggest drivers of the increase were higher headcount to support our continued strong growth and the return to in person destination conferences. SG&A increased 20% year-over-year in the third quarter as reported, and 24% on an FX neutral basis. SG&A increased in the quarter as a result of added headcount for sales and G&A functions and higher commissions following a strong CV growth in 2021. We expect SG&A expenses to increase as a percentage of revenue over the near term as our catch up hiring continues. EBITDA for the third quarter was $332 million, up 9% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 15% FX neutral. Third quarter EBITDA upside for guidance reflected revenue exceeding our forecasts and expenses at the low end of our expectations. Depreciation in the third quarter of $23 million was down modestly versus 2021. Net interest expense excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter was $29 million, done a little over $1 million versus the third quarter of 2021 mainly due to lower interest rate swaps costs. The modest floating rate debt we have is fully hedged through maturity. The Q3 adjusted tax rate which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income was 24.7% for the quarter. The tax rate for the items used to adjust that income was 20.2% for the quarter. Adjusted EPS in Q3 was $2.41 growth of 19% year-over-year. The average share count for the third quarter was 80 million shares. This is a reduction of about 4.7 million shares or about 5.6% year-over-year. We exited the third quarter with about 80 million shares outstanding on an un-weighted basis. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $315 million down 9% compared to last year. CapEx for the quarter was $32 million up about $18 million year-over-year led by increases in capitalized technology labor costs and catch up laptop spend. Free cash flow for the quarter was $283 million. Free cash flow growth continues to be an important part of our business model with modest CapEx needs and upfront client payments. As many of -- we generate free cash flow well in excess of net income. Our conversion from EBITDA is very strong with the differences between cash interest, cash taxes and modest CapEx partially offset by strong working capital cash inflows. Adjusting for the insurance proceeds we received last year free cash flow as a percent of revenue or free cash flow margin was 19% on a rolling four quarter basis. On the same basis free cash flow is 76% of EBITDA and 137% of GAAP net income. At the end of the third quarter we had $529 million of cash. Our September 30 debt balance was $2.5 billion. Our reported gross debt for trailing 12 month EBITDA was under two times. Our expected free cash flow generation, unused revolver and excess cash remaining on the balance sheet provide ample liquidity to deliver on our capital allocation strategy of share repurchases and strategic tuck in M&A. Our balance sheet is very strong with $1.5 billion of liquidity, low levels of leverage and effectively fixed interest rates. We repurchased more than $1 billion worth of stock through the end of the third quarter. We had about $600 million remaining on our authorization at the end of September, which we expect the board will continue to refresh as needed going forward. Since the end of 2020 through the end of this September, weve reduced our shares outstanding by 10 million shares. This is a reduction of 11%. As we continue to repurchase shares, we expect our capital base will shrink. This is a creative to earnings per share, and combined with growing profits also delivers increasing returns on invested capital over time. We are increasing our full year guidance to reflect strong Q3 performance and an improved outlook for the fourth quarter despite incremental FX headwinds. We now expect an FX impact or full year revenue growth rates of about 420 basis points for the full year. This is up from 370 basis points based on rates when we guided in August. As we discussed the last three quarters 2021 research performance benefited from several factors including QBH tenure mix, NCVI phasing within the quarters and year, record retention rates and strong non-subscription growth. The growth compares will continue to be challenging for a few more quarters. We continue to take a measured approach based on historical trends and patterns, which weve reflected in the updated guidance. For conferences we assume we will be able to run all nine in person conferences as planned. Consistent with our commentary the past couple of quarters, our assumptions for consolidated expenses continue to reflect significant headcount increases during the fourth quarter to support current and future growth. We continue to model higher labor costs and T&E teeny well above 2021 levels as weve previously indicated. We also have higher commission expense during 2022 due to the exceptional performance we delivered in 2021. Finally, we continue to invest in our tech, both client facing and internal applications as part of our innovation and continuous improvement programs. Our updated guidance for 2022 is as follows. We expect research revenue of at least $4.58 billion, which is FX neutral growth of about 16%. The FX neutral growth is up about 60 basis points from our prior guidance due to strong NCVI performance in the third quarter. We expect conferences revenue of at least $375 million, which is growth of about 84% FX neutral. We expect consulting revenue of at least $450 million, which is growth about 14% FX neutral. The result is an outlet for consolidated revenue of at least $5.40 billion, which is FX neutral growth of almost 19%. The FX neutral growth is up about 180 basis points from our prior guidance due to strong performance in third quarter and improved outlook for Q4. Without the strengthening U.S. dollar since August, our revenue outlook would have been about $85 million higher than previous guidance. We now expect full year EBITDA of at least $1.36 billion, up $125 million from our prior guidance and an increase in our margin outlook as well. Without the strengthening U.S. dollar since August, our EBITDA guidance would have been about $136 million higher than previous guidance. We now expect 2022 adjusted EPS at least $10.06 per share. For 2022 we now expect free cash flow at least 1.0 to $5 billion. Our EPS guidance is based on 81 million shares, which reflects year-to-date repurchases. As a result, we expect to deliver at least $310 million of EBITDA in the fourth quarter of 2022. All the details of our full year guidance are included on our Investor Relations site. Our strong performance in 2022 continued in the third quarter with momentum across the business. Contract value grew 14%. Adjusted EPS increased 19% fueled in part by the significant reduction of shares over the past year. We are adding associates across the business to keep up with our growth and to position us well heading into 2023. Our continued investments in our teams will drive long term sustained double digit growth. We repurchase more than $1 billion in stock this year through September and remain committed to returning excess capital to our shareholders over time. Looking out over the medium term, our financial model and expectations are unchanged. With 12% to 16% research CV growth, we will deliver double digit revenue growth with gross margin expansion sales cost growing in line with CV growth and G&A leverage, we can modestly expand margins. We can grow free cash flow at least as fast as EBITDA because of our modest CapEx needs and the benefits of our clients paying us upfront and we will continue to deploy our capital on share repurchases, which will lower the share count over time and on strategic value enhancing tuck in M&A. With that, Ill turn the call back over to the operator and well be happy to take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeff Meuler with Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeff Meuler: Yes, thank you just maybe if I could better understand the messaging on where you are in terms of catch up hiring. I thought for Jene, you talked about 80% associate growth and having the capacity you need and being caught up on hiring but then it seemed like in Craigs comments, youre still calling up some areas where youre still in the process of doing catch up hiring and youre maintaining the low 20s underlying margin target despite seemingly run rating above that on a seasonally adjusted basis. So just if I could better understand where you are in that process.
Gene Hall: Jeff, its Gene. So the 18% associated growth that talked about on the call is largely catch up hiring. If you look over the last three years or so we had very robust growth in our business. And our hiring lag behind that give you a flavor for the compound growth rate or sub contract value was about 11%. And the compound growth rate of headcount was about 5.5%. And so it lagged a lot we got behind. The good news is that were as of Q3, end of Q3 we are almost fully caught up. And so we expect to see not the same rate of hiring as we go into Q4 next year, we expect to normalize more which weve done traditionally, which is to have our headcount growth, have CV grow about five or six points higher than actual headcount growth going forward.
Jeff Meuler: And then, obviously notable, the big step up in GTS quota bears, I guess, just to what extent, are you seeing signs of unmet demand that youre fulfilling, and I dont know if thats showing up in the new business sold metric with GTS which also has the tough comp, just trying to understand to what extent maybe the 12%, or 12.5% whatever was CV growth in GTS has been governed down because of some sales capacity constraints that youre addressing versus to what extent this is about getting out ahead of demand and building capacity into whats still a good demand momentum environment.
Craig Safian: Jeff, good morning. Its Craig. Just a couple of points and then Gene will fill in any blanks. So as Gene mentioned, we did fall behind in terms of our headcount hiring across the business, but probably most notably in GTS over the course of 2021, especially as that segments, CV really accelerated. And so a lot of what we were doing, starting in the first three quarter of 21, and through the first three quarters of this year is catching up and filling open territories. And the open territory challenge and opportunity was a little exacerbated by the accelerated growth. And we had to promote more people than we normally do, as weve talked about in previous quarters at the beginning of the year which put even more of an emphasis on making sure that we were recruiting and growing our primary hire face. And so to think about it, and again, we talked about this when we did our initial guide for the year as well, which was last year, we had the benefit of the most, the highest proportion of tenured sellers that weve ever had, obviously, this year is reversed. And as we roll into next year, we expect it to be more normal like weve seen historically. And so the all those dynamics are at play as well and again, as you think about Genes comment earlier on, were catching up, but were also making sure that we are seeding the ground with investments so that we can sustain our double digit growth into the future. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks so much. Wanted to ask on the conferences that symposium had better attendance in pre-pandemic. Are there any gating factors that should lead 2023 to not be fully back to 2019 levels or higher, just assuming that current travel restrictions stay as they are now? 
Craig Safian: Good morning, Toni. Thanks for the question. So, its been great to return to in person conferences. And as weve said the past few quarters and Gene referenced some large October conferences as well. Weve had exhibitors and attendees really enthusiastically returned, which is awesome. And the conferences are hugely valuable to everyone who goes and its super valuable to the entire Gartner franchise. As we look towards 2023 and again, well give guidance in February around the full calendar of 23 conferences, etc. Were not going to be anywhere near the 70 conferences, destination conferences that we delivered in 2019. We are carefully building back up. Our goal over the long term is to have a conference for every major function that we cover in every major geography in which we do business. But we cant just snap our fingers and be there. It takes time to build those up and to re-launch that. And so we are taking a measured approach to doing that. Were going to be as aggressive as we can, but were going to be nowhere near the 70 conferences that we ran in 2019 pre-pandemic.
Toni Kaplan: And I actually wanted to ask about that the new business growth as well. So you mentioned the GTS have down five and GBS of one. The comp was very tough and the two year CAGR are good. I guess, with the sales hiring, that those would be higher. I know, you said stuff catch up that youre doing. But I guess like, what are your thoughts on the level of like, those new business levels? And I guess Im only asking because everything else seemed like, is going really, really strong. And so thats sort of the one that I think, maybe its pick. So just what are your thoughts on the new business? Thanks. 
Gene Hall: Hey Toni, its Gene. So our new business was at an all time high. So just to be clear, wasnt like it was not a good compared to business acumen for dollars was at an all time high, it was near an all time high. Secondly, the fact that its impacting new business the most that Craig talked about in terms of the proportion of our sales force, it is tenured versus non-tenured. Last year, we had, as Craig mentioned, the highest proportion of tenured salespeople that we have on record. This year, because of promotions and growth hiring, we had among the lowest proportion of tenured salespeople on record. And a tenured salesperson sells whole number multiples higher, more in new business than a non-tenured salesperson. The productivity accelerates rapidly during the salespersons first three years. And thats the primary factor that impacted our business in Q3.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Nicholas with William Blair. Your line is open.
Andrew Nicholas: Hi, good morning. I wanted to start just with a question on sales activity levels. As the quarter progressed, and maybe into October, did you notice any and its seems like double digit growth across every practice, every industry, every region, every client size, but was there any kind of distinguishing change over the course of the quarter? Or are those conversations and the length of contract cycles relatively consistent with what youve seen year-to-date?
Gene Hall: Hey Andrew. So during the quarter, I would say was typical, with September being slightly stronger than with a little bit more acceleration during the quarter than you might normally see. But within a small range, call it overall a pretty normal quarter.
Andrew Nicholas: And then you talked quite a bit about the catch up hiring and the sales force growth. What about on the kind of T&E side. Where do you sit relative to kind of pre-pandemic levels and where you would ultimately expect those expenses to level off? I think last quarter, you talked about the second half of the year being more indicative of normal travel. So just wondering if thats in the third quarter number, if theres still some more increases to expect there as well. Thank you.
Craig Safian: Good morning, Andrew. Its Craig. Yes, so were obviously orders of magnitude lower than 2019 by design, and thats the way were going to run it going forward. I would say Q3 is almost back to where we think the new normal should be. So Q3 and Q4 will be pretty close to the new normal. But also recognizing that as we roll out more conferences, as we travel to see our global teams, etc there might be a little bit more lift in the travel number, but not order of magnitude lift. We feel pretty good about where we are, again, theres probably a little bit more uplift that well see in travel rolling into next year, but Q3 and Q4 are roughly indicative of what we expect moving forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Seth Weber: Good morning. I wanted to touch on if you could give us any thoughts on the pricing environment. I think last quarter and youve talked about pricing is kind of running a little bit above sort of normal levels. Can you just talk about what youre seeing there and customer appetite for multiyear contracts and of just given the uncertain environment. Thank you.
Craig Safian: Good morning Seth its Craig. So I agree with your assertion on the pricing. So rolling into this year, we were a little bit more aggressive than we normally have been. So weve typically been in the 3% to 4% range this year thinking the five-ish to 6% range, in terms of overall price increase, similar rolling into next year. Price increase actually went effective today for most of our clients and sellers around the world. And we havent seen much friction or pushback from clients on that. Obviously, it is a more inflationary environment. Our costs are going up roughly in that range and were roughly pricing to offset that. In terms of the multiyear comment I think our sales teams do a fantastic job of articulating the value that we can deliver over the short term, over the medium term and over the long term. And theyve done a fantastic job of continuing to get our clients to sign up for multiyear contracts. So we havent really seen a step back in that from clients either.
Seth Weber: And then maybe just on the share repurchase in the quarter it stepped down from where its been trending for the last, I dont know, the last year and a quarter year and a half or so. Was that just kind of front end loaded some of the spending in the first half of the year or so just saying, are you just trying to save some powder for M&A or anything that we should read into the tick down here in the third quarter and share repurchase?
Craig Safian: No, I wouldnt read anything into it. Id say on a year-to-day basis, were over a billion dollars in share repurchases over the last seven quarters, its 2.6-ish billion dollars of share repurchases, it remains our primary use of capital going forward and well bump up or bump down from time to time from quarter to quarter. But over the long over the last seven quarters, weve obviously returned a lot of capital to shareholders through our repurchase programs. And moving forward, we expect return a lot of capital for our shareholders or repurchase programs.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
George Tong: You had a big step up in sales headcount in 3Q notably in GTS. Was there any pull forward in hiring from 4Q? Or do you expect to continue to see healthy increases in headcount in 4Q on a quarter-over-quarter basis?
Gene Hall: So were focused on ending the year of double digit in a quarter bearing headcount, again, really making sure that were set up to roll into 2023 with full territories and a more tenured sales force etc. There can obviously be a lot of puts and takes, but what Id say is we expect to end the year for both GTS and GBS with strong double digit quarter bearing hires growth on a year-over-year basis.
George Tong: And then with respect to EBITDA margins, your outlook continues to move higher. Can you just at a high level frame for us your evolving views around normalized EBITDA margins and how your investment activity so far this year are on pace to get you back to what normalized spending should be?
Craig Safian: Yes, absolutely. And Gene feel free to fill in any blanks here as well. So as Gene mentioned in his prepared remarks and as we have been saying, for the last couple of quarters, we now believe the underlying metrics, the underlying margin of the business is in the low 20s, which is obviously comfortably and well above pre-pandemic levels of EBITDA margins. I think there are a number of factors that have allowed us to increase that outlook as weve gotten comfortable with the way the business is running and the way were running the business. Most notably, I would say, is one as Gene mentioned, were going to grow our CV base about four to five or five to six points faster than we grow our quarter bearing hires. That allows us to essentially fix our cost of sale, if you will, or not dilute our margins through cost of sale. We can get gross margin leverage just by virtue of research being our biggest and most profitable segment and we can get a little G&A leverage as well going forward. On top of that with GBS we were starting to see or were seeing returns on the investments that we made in 2017 and 2018. And we now have much more scale in that business. There is still a lot of scale to be gained in GBS but obviously, were orders of magnitude higher in our contract values, and we were pre-pandemic. And so again and then there are other things like real estate and travel, where we just gotten smarter around the way we run our business, which have also helped us to raise our expectation on what the underlying margins of the business are. Clearly weve done a lot of hiring through the course of 2022, as Gene mentioned, and weve said multiple times, most of that was catch up hiring from all the growth we delivered in 2021 and 2022. Obviously, those costs roll into 23, which is why were stating and sticking to the fact that our underlying margins are in the low 20s. And that we can grow our business at double digit growth rates moving forward, and we can modestly improve those margins over time as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jeff Silber: Thank you so much. I wanted to go back to the earlier pricing question. I know this segment or this industry that youre in is very broad, but some of the other info services companies that we talked to have started to be a little bit more aggressive in terms of giving price concessions in exchange for multiyear contracts. Are you doing any of that? Are you seeing that in the market as well?
Gene Hall: So Jeff, good morning. No, not really. I think we lead with multiyear contracts as sort of the de facto standard. Thats generally what our clients want, because theyre missing critical priorities, are not bounded by a 12 month contract or something like that. And so weve seen real no change in the selling environment, or the selling motion around the price increase weve talked about earlier as well as our contracted vehicles.
Craig Safian: We havent changed our pricing on multiyear approach, or multiyear contracts, the pricing approach has remained the same.
Jeff Silber: And I know in your prepared comments, you talked about the strength in your research business being broad based. I just was wondering, we can parse down a little bit if theres specific end markets that are doing better, or worse than others, and Im specifically interested in Europe versus the U.S. Thanks.
Gene Hall: So as Craig mentioned, both North America and Europe had double digit growth in the third quarter.
Craig Safian: And we saw, and it was broad, based across Europe and North America from an industry and size perspective. So theres really nothing to point to in terms of softness. Its the average growth for GTS and overall for GTS is around 13%, and overall, around 14%. And when you peel back the onion, its pretty close to that at lower levels, whether you live regionally industry, by size, etc.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Good morning. Gene and Craig and I guess historically, I think you guys just talk about how to do it up two to three points about sales force growth. And now on the call, Ive heard you say four, five and six. So in that context, I guess, should we still expect Gartner to keep going that sales force 10% to 15% year-over-year like use methods in the past?
Gene Hall: I think the way to think about it is that we want to make sure that our cost of sale, if you will, so sales cost as a percent of CV or percent of revenue remain roughly fixed. And we believe we can do that by having CV growth at whatever that is or whatever we deliver, and toggling the amount of headcount growth so that we keep our cost of sale roughly fixed. If CV is growing 20% then yes, we would grow headcount yes close to 15%. Is CV were growing 10% we would probably, we would toggle down the growth investment to again, lock in, roughly lock in that overall cost of sale. And so this is a pivot we made in the second half of 2019 as we shifted to really wanted to make sure that we got returns on the investments were making, and managed the sales portion of our overall margin. I think the one difference that you point to, which is the gap between CV growth and headcount growth is really just driven by what were seeing from a wage inflation perspective. And so when it was three to four point gap, thats because that thats what we were seeing from wage inflation perspective. Now, were obviously seeing a little bit greater. So were just dialing that into our growth algorithm to make sure that we account for it.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. And then, in the core you made comments around SG&A being elevated. Was that a fourth quarter specific comment or more longer term? And also, just to clarify you talked about the Q3 and Q4 runway kind of being where you want it to be. But that was specific to T&E I believe we just talked about from an overall margin perspective, how we should think about today numbers below 20, to talk about.
Gene Hall: Yes, absolutely. So the SG&A comment is more of a near term comment. So as we are catching up on the hiring and you get [Audio Gap] just think about high teens growth were seeing in both GTS and GBS. Obviously, that rolls into next year, because we, the hiring was really concentrated in the back half of the year. And so that will put pressure on the cost of sale and margin as designed into 2023. So its more of a near term comment. In terms of the other things were seeing again, we talked about the growing sales force a little bit, or growing to be a little bit faster than were growing the sales force, etc. That is more in a steady state, obviously, 2022 as we indicated at the beginning of the year, and we have indicated each quarter, as we move through the year, there was a lot of catch up happening in 2022. And that obviously impacts 2023. We believe, again, that the underlying margins for the business are in the low 20s. And that through the combination of the investments were making, the size of the market opportunity opportunities in productivity, etc, that we can grow the business, the top line at double digit growth rates, and modestly expand margins from that underlying margin in the low 20s.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Stephanie Moore: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to touch a bit on the hiring. Maybe itd be helpful to provide just on where wage inflation stands and were going to kind of be aggressive hiring that we think this year.
Gene Hall: Hey, good morning, Stephanie. We had a little trouble hearing you. I think what you asked was just provide a little bit more color around our hiring trends and where we may be seeing more pronounced wage inflation? Is that was the question was?
Stephanie Moore: Yes, I apologize. That is correct.
Craig Safian: So I think and Gene will hop in here too, I think we have a great associated brand out in the market, especially for sellers, but broadly as well. Sellers know the Gartner brand. Sellers know that Gartner is a very sales focused organization. And so were able to really recruit pretty well are very well, I should say, in the market, and we have no problems meeting our needs, and the supply is there for us to be able to keep hiring. I think the wage inflation is just what were seeing when we look at our, our competitors for talent. And we do lots of surveys and we have a lot of market data. And were basically just keeping track with the market or keeping pace with the market to make sure that in addition to the great associated value proposition that we have, that were actually paying our people at market as well as. Gene you want to add anything?
Gene Hall: But again, if you look at where the highest wage inflation is, its in countries where inflation is very high. like Turkey, for example, but a small sales force in Turkey and wage inflation is higher there than it is in, like the U.S., for example. And theres other countries around the world. So places where its the highest or in the countries where overall inflation rates are higher. 
Stephanie Moore: Understood, and I guess if we take that further given kind of a step up in hiring, that this certainly this year, does that mean that we should expect potentially a step up and kind of pricing as you look at your contract so the next coming years, understanding that they are multi year just to make up for kind of the investments made this year? Or am I thinking about it incorrectly?
Gene Hall: No, Stephanie I wouldnt think about it that way. Yes, I would think about the catch up hiring were doing is basically really to fulfill all the growth that will be sold in 2021 and 2022. And make sure that we can serve and grow that going forward. The pricing is really there as an offset to the wage inflation. So we as Gene mentioned earlier we fell behind in hiring. He talked about, the fact that our CV over the last three years, has grown at a compound annual growth rate of 11% and our headcount only grown at a compound annual growth rate of 5%. And we had some catching up to do, again, to make sure that we can really provide amazing service to our clients, and then grow them over time as well. And so thats the way were thinking about the catch up hiring. The price increase is really just to offset wage inflation.
Stephanie Moore: Understood, and then maybe taking more of a medium term and long term, longer term question here. And I appreciate the color that you gave on the underlying EBITDA margin improving over time just efficiency of an or leverage of the hiring. Could you maybe talk about other investments we might see from just an overall sales force productivity standpoint as we kind of look over the next several years?
Gene Hall: Hey Stephanie so we could we invest across our business and the economics and cap and the bars and stuff weve talked about includes those investments. We do a lot of investment in business. We have invested in new internal systems, things like billings so that we can build up best faster and collect faster so our cash flow is higher. And its also easier for our sales force to generate orders and bills, things like that. We constantly invest in new product features. We have a wide variety of products that are tailored for specific roles. And we constantly improve those product offerings to provide continuously more value to our clients, which can help strengthen retention rates and growth in your business over time. And so we are continuing to invest in those kinds of areas in our business to make sure we support future growth. With all those investments are embedded in the normalized margins that Craig referred to.
Operator: Thank you. I am showing no further questions at this time. Id like to hand the call back over to Gene Hall for closing remarks.
Gene Hall: To summarize todays call for the third quarter wed really another strong performance across the business, achieve double digit growth in contract value revenue EBITDA and EPS with strong growth in all practices, all industry sectors across every size client and in every region. Weve caught up on hiring and a position to deliver sustained future growth. Our underlying margins are in the low 20s comfortably above pre-pandemic levels, and we expect them to modestly increase over time. Well continue to generate significant free cash flow and excess net income. We will continue to return significant levels of capital to our shareholders. Thanks for joining today and I look forward to updating you again in the new year.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Gartner's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After comments by Gene Hall, Gartner's Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Gartner's Chief Financial Officer. There will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] This call will include a discussion of second quarter 2022 financial results. And Gartner's updated outlook for 2022 as disclosed in today's earnings release and earnings supplement both posted to our website, investor.gartner.com. On the call unless stated otherwise all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, but the adjustments is described in our earnings release and the supplement. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX-neutral, unless stated otherwise. All references to share counts are for fully diluted weighted average share counts, unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2022 foreign exchange rates unless stated otherwise. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2021 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now, I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Good morning. Thanks for joining us. Gartner had a strong performance in the second quarter. We delivered double-digit growth in contract value, revenue, EBITDA and EPS, and we continue to return excess capital to our shareholders through our buyback programs. Research continues to be our largest and most profitable segments. Gartner Research provides actual objective insight to executives and their teams across all major enterprise functions in every industry around the world. Our expert guidance and tools enable faster, smarter decisions and stronger performance on our client's mission-critical priorities. We continue to have a vast market opportunity across all sectors, sizes and geographies and we're delivering more value than ever. The rate of change in the world is the fastest I've ever seen. Against this backdrop, Gartner continues to get even more agile. We're generating new insights to address timely impressing issues, such as leveraging and emerging technologies, optimizing costs, attracting and retaining talent in a hybrid world, managing cybersecurity risk and more. We deliver incredible value whether our clients are thriving, struggling, or somewhere in between. As a result, demand for our services remain strong. Q2 research revenue were 17% in the second quarter, total contract value growth was 15%, retention remained very strong. A new business was near all-time highs. We're also growing our sales teams. Global technology sales headcount was up 9% and global business sales headcount was up 17% year-over-year. Global Technology Sales or GTS, serves leaders and their teams within IT. GTS contract value grew 14%. Global business sales or GBS serves leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, marketing, sales, legal, and more. GBS contract value grew 23%. Across every function, IT, supply chain, marketing, sales, HR, finance, and more, leaders and their teams benefit from our incredible value proposition. As a result, the enterprises we support see measurable progress on their mission-critical priorities. Leveraging the extraordinary value of our research insights, our conferences business brings the power of Gartner to life for an engaged and highly qualified audience. During Q2, we delivered our first in-person destination conferences since the start of the pandemic. These conferences covered IT, finance and supply chain in Europe, Australia, and the U.S. Attendee feedback has been resoundingly positive. They deeply value the opportunities to connect, engage, and learn in-person. Bookings continue at a strong pace for both exhibitors and attendees. Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research. Consulting helps clients execute their most strategic technology initiatives through deeper extended project based work. Consulting had a strong quarter with revenue up 20%. Bookings were also strong, driving backlog up 45%. In closing, we saw strong growth across the business. We continue to generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income. We returned excess capital to shareholders, which reduced our shares outstanding. Looking ahead, we are well positioned for strong double-digit top line growth. Our underlying margins are in the low 20s, well above pre-pandemic levels, and we expect them to modestly increase over time. And we continue to generate free cash flow well in excess of earnings, which we will deploy to further drive shareholder value. With that, Ill hand the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. Craig?
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene, and good morning. Second quarter results were strong with double-digit growth in contract value, revenue and adjusted EPS. With results above our expectations, we are again increasing our 2022 guidance. The improved outlook reflects the better than expected second quarter top line results, strong demand for second half conferences and a successful balance between cost discipline and investing for future growth. Second quarter revenue was $1.4 billion, up 18% year-over-year as reported and 22% FX neutral. In addition, total contribution margin was 69%, down 70 basis points versus the prior year as costs returned towards normal. EBITDA was $389 million, up 10% year-over-year and up 14% FX neutral. Adjusted EPS was $2.85, up 27% and free cash flow in the quarter was $395 million. Adjusting for insurance proceeds received last year, free cash flow was down 2% year-over-year for the quarter and up 5% on a rolling full quarter basis. Research revenue in the second quarter grew 14% year-over-year as reported and 17% on an FX neutral basis, driven by our strong contract value growth. Second quarter research contribution margin was 74% about in line with 2021. Higher than normal contribution margins reflect improved operational effectiveness, increased scale, continued temporary avoidance of travel expenses and continuing to catch up on headcount to support the research business. Contract value or CV was $4.3 billion at the end of the second quarter, up 15% versus the prior year. As we discussed previously, CV reflects our decision to exit the Russian market, which contributed about $13 million in the second quarter 2021 number. This reduced the headline growth by about 40 basis points. Quarterly net contract value increased or NCVI was $97 million. Quarterly NCVI is a helpful way to measure contract value performance in the quarter, even though there is notable seasonality in this metric. The sequential increase in CV of $97 million was driven by the combination of continued strong retention rates and near record new business of close to $250 million. We saw a broad based CV growth across all of our practices. Our technology practice grew 14% and all of our business practices grew at double-digit growth rates with many of them growing more than 20% year-over-year. From an industry perspective, retail, media and manufacturing led our CV growth. Global technology sales contract value was $3.4 billion at the end of the second quarter, up 14% versus the prior year. GTS had quarterly NCVI of $60 million, driven by strong retention and near record levels of new business for a second quarter. While retention for GTS was 107% for the quarter, up about 530 basis points year-over-year and near record levels. GTS new business was down 1% versus last year up, against the very tough compare. The two-year compound annual growth rate was about 16%. GTS quota-bearing headcount was up 9% year-over-year. We are on track to get to double-digit growth by the end of 2022, as we have successfully brought turnover down and/or investments in recruiting are delivering results. We will continue to invest in our sales team to drive long-term sustained double-digit growth while also delivering strong margins. Our regular full set of GTS metrics can be found in the appendix of our earnings supplement. Global business sales contract value was $936 million at the end of the second quarter, up 23% year-over-year, which is above the high end of our medium term outlook of 12% to 16%. GBS CV increased $37 million from the first quarter. While retention for GBS was 115% for the quarter, up about five percentage points year-over-year. GBS new business was up 3% compared to last year, reflecting robust growth across the full portfolio and against the very strong compare. The two-year compound annual growth rate for new business was 35%. GBS quota-bearing headcount increased 17% year-over-year, headcount we hire in 2022 will help to position us for sustained double-digit growth in the future. As with GTS, our regular full set of GBS metrics can be found in the appendix of our earnings supplement. Conferences revenue for the second quarter was $114 million, ahead of our expectations as attendees and exhibitors enthusiastically return to in-person. Contribution margin in the quarter was 65%. We held six in-person conferences and eight virtual conferences in the quarter. We held event meetings in both virtual and in-person formats. We planned to run 19 in-person conferences for the balance of the year. Second quarter consulting revenues increased by 14% year-over-year to $121 million, on an FX neutral basis revenues were up 20%. Consulting contribution margin was 42% in the second quarter up 120 basis points versus the prior year with better than expected revenue, higher utilization rates and a mixed benefit from strong growth in contract optimization. Labor-based revenues were $95 million up 11% versus Q2 of last year and up 18% on an FX neutral basis. Backlog at June 30th was $152 million, increasing 45% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis with another strong bookings quarter. The inclusion of multi-year contracts, a change we described last quarter contributed about 12 percentage points the year-over-year growth rate. Our contract optimization business was up 28% as reported and 31% on an FX neutral basis versus the prior year. As we have detailed in the past, this part of the consulting segment is highly valuable. Consolidated cost of services increased 21% year-over-year in the second quarter as reported and 25% on an FX neutral basis. The biggest driver of the increase was higher headcount to support our continued strong growth and the return to in-person destination conferences SG&A increased 24% year-over-year in the second quarter as reported and 27% on an FX neutral basis. SG&A increased in the quarter as a result of increased hiring in sales and G&A functions, higher commission expense, following strong CV growth in 2021 and a $12 million one-time real estate charge. We expect SG&A expenses to increase as a percentage of revenue over the near term as our catch up hiring continues. EBITDA for the second quarter was $389 million up 10% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 14% FX neutral. Second quarter EBITDA upside to our guidance reflected revenue exceeding our forecast and expenses at the low -end of our expectations. Depreciation in the quarter of $23 million was down modestly versus 2021. Net interest expense excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter was $29 million up $2 million versus the second quarter of 2021 due to an increase in total debt balances. The Q2 adjusted tax rate which we used for the calculation of adjusted net income was 25.7% for the quarter. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was 25% for the quarter. Adjusted EPS in Q2 was $2.85, growth of 27% year-over-year. The average share count for the second quarter was 81 million shares. This is a reduction of about $5.6 million shares or about 6.5% year-over-year. We exited the second quarter with about 80 million shares outstanding on an unweighted basis. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $416 million. Adjusting for the insurance proceeds we received in the second quarter of 2021, operating cash flow was down 2% compared to last year. CapEx for the quarter was $21 million up 76% year-over-year as a result of an increase in capitalized software, laptops and other infrastructure. Free cash flow for the quarter was $395 million. Free cash flow growth continues to be an important part of our business model with modest CapEx needs and upfront client payments. As many of you know, we generate free cash flow well in excess of net income, our conversion from EBITDA is very strong with the differences being cash interest, cash taxes and modest CapEx, partially offset by strong working capital cash inflows. Adjusting for the insurance proceeds we received last year, free cash flow as a percent of revenue or free cash flow margin was 21% on a rolling four quarter basis. On the same basis, free cash flow was 81% of EBITDA and 146% of GAAP net income. At the end of the second quarter, we had $360 million of cash. Our June 30th debt balance was $2.5 billion. Our reported gross debt to trailing 12 month EBITDA was under two times. Our expected free cash flow generation, unused revolver and excess cash remaining on the balance sheet provide ample liquidity to deliver on our capital allocation strategy of share repurchases and strategic tuck-in M&A. We repurchased around 930 million of stock through the first half of this year. We had about 700 million remaining on our authorization at the end of June. We expect the board to continue to refresh the repurchase authorization as needed going forward. Since the end of 2020 through the end of this June, we have reduced our shares outstanding by 9 million shares. This is a reduction of 11%. As we continue to repurchase shares, we expect our capital base will shrink. This is accretive to earnings per share and combining with growing profits also delivers increasing returns on invested capital over time. Our medium-term outlook is for double digit revenue growth, while margins have been very strong the past two years we are continuing to catch up hiring and to resume travel spending. We estimate our underlying margins to be in the low twenties, well above pre-pandemic levels, and we expect them to increase modestly over time. We will give 2023 specific guidance in February consistent with our usual practice. Strong top line growth, modest margin expansion, low capital intensity, and working capital as a source of cash will allow us to deliver strong free cash flow now and in the future. We are increasing our full year guidance to reflect strong Q2 performance and an improved outlook for the second half despite incremental FX headwinds. We now expect an FX impact to our revenue growth rates of above 370 basis points for the full year. This is up from 260 basis points based on rates when we guided in May. As we discussed the last two quarters, 2021 research performance benefited from several factors, including QBH tenure mix, NCVI phasing within the quarters and the year, record retention rates and strong non-subscription growth. We continue to assume that those benefits do not persist at the same levels through 2022. The growth compares will continue to be challenging as we move through the year. We continue to take a measured approach based on historical trends and patterns, which we've reflected in the updated guidance. For conferences, we assume we will be able to run all the in-person conferences as planned. Consistent with our commentary the past couple of quarters, our assumptions for consolidated expenses continue to reflect significant headcount increases during the year to support current and future growth. We have modeled higher labor costs, T&E well above 2021 levels as we've previously indicated. We also have higher commission expense during 2022 due to the very good selling performance we delivered in 2021. Finally, we continue to invest in our tech, both client facing and internal applications as part of our innovation and continuous improvement programs. Our updated guidance for 2022 is as follows. We expect research revenue of at least $4.575 billion, which is FX neutral growth of about 15%. The FX neutral growth is up about 120 basis points from our prior guidance due to strong NCVI performance in the second quarter. We expect conferences revenue of at least $335 million, which is growth of about 63% FX neutral. We expect consulting revenue of at least $440 million, which is growth of about 11% FX neutral. The result is an outlook for consolidated revenue of at least $5.35 billion, which is FX neutral growth of almost 17%. The FX neutral growth is up about 290 basis points from our prior guidance due to strong performance in the second quarter. Without the strengthening U.S. dollars since May, our revenue guidance would've been about $138 million than previous guidance. We now expect full year EBITDA of at least $1.235 billion up $100 million from our prior guidance and an increase in our margin outlook as well. Without the strengthening U.S. dollar since May, our EBITDA guidance would've been about $120 million higher than previous guidance. We now expect 2022 adjusted EPS of at least $8.85. For 2022 we now expect free cash flow of at least $985 million. Our guidance is based on 81 million shares outstanding, which reflects year-to-date repurchases. All the details of our full year guidance are included on our investor relations site. Finally, for the third quarter of 2022, we expect to deliver at least $255 million of EBITDA. Our strong performance in 2022 continued in the second quarter with momentum across the business. Contract value growth was very strong at 15%. Adjusted EPS grew 27% fueled by the significant reduction in shares over the past year. We repurchased around $930 million in stock this year through June and remain committed to returning excess capital to our shareholders. Looking out over the medium-term, our financial model and expectations are unchanged. With 12% to 16% research CV growth, we will deliver double digit revenue growth. With gross margin expansion, sales cost growing in line with CV growth and G&A leverage we can modestly expand margins. We can grow free cash flow at least as fast as EBITDA because of our modest CapEx needs and the benefits of our clients paying us up front. And we'll continue to deploy our capital on share repurchases, which will lower the share count over time and on strategic value enhancing tuck in M&A. With that I'll turn the call back over to the operator and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question coming from Jeff Meuler with Baird, your line is now open.
Jeff Meuler: Yeah, thanks. Just first a clarifying question on the underlying margin. So when you say low twenties, could that include like 21% or 22%, you're not saying like low 20.X% and if we will have a recession at some point, would you expect to be able to at least maintain those underlying margins through a recession again as well?
Craig Safian: Hey, good morning, Jeff. Thanks for the questions, in terms of the underlying margin. No, it wasn't locked in on 20.0% as low twenties. As we've looked at the business over the last few years we've learned a lot through the pandemic, et cetera. And so we're now comfortable that the underlying margins of the business are in the low twenties. And again, we can grow the top line double digit growth rates into the future and we can modestly expand margins from that point as well. In terms of  yeah, go ahead.
Jeff Meuler: Yeah. I was just going to say, including maintain at least that margin in a recession.
Craig Safian: Yeah. So that was the second part of the question. So again, the way we are thinking about running the business is again, we believe that there still is a huge untapped market opportunity. We believe one of the ways that we go capture that untapped market opportunity is by continuing to grow the sales force and again making sure we've got the right insights and the right number of analyst and advisors, et cetera. If there were to be recessionary impact on the business, we would toggle the investment growth rates in each of those areas to ensure that we could deliver those underlying margins and also ensure that we could drive modest margin expansion into the future as well.
Jeff Meuler: Got it. And then I think you're being anticipatory on the commentary around the new business, giving us the two year CAGRs and such, but just any comments on what you're seeing in real time from a macro perspective, whether it's pipeline build and conversion in June and July or the topics of client content demand, just any other business kind of metrics just given the near-record when we  I guess, used to fresh records from the growth company that Gartner is?
Gene Hall: Hi Jeff, its Gene. So the selling environment has been quite I think stable and good compared to Q1. Again, as you said we had near record new business levels. We have near record retention levels. Our conferences booking for both the exhibitors and attendees was very strong and that's been reflected in our guidance going forward, I believe the consulting business had one of the best quarters we've ever had with revenues of 20%, backlog up 45%. And there's kind of nothing, if we look under the covers that that would lead you to believe in Q2, there isnt anything other than selling and growth was quite robust.
Craig Safian: And Jeff, I would just echo having read briefly your report earlier this morning the compares are super tough in Q2 and they remain pretty tough throughout the balance of the year. We're still growing CV at a great growth rate. You heard some of the other metrics around their underlying businesses in conferences and consulting as well and so very tough compares for the balance of this year, but still feel good about the momentum of the business.
Jeff Meuler: Yep. Got it, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heather Balsky with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Heather Balsky: Hi, thank you for taking my question. I guess on the topic as you are in terms of what happens in the downturn, can you talk a little bit more about how your business today is more resilient in a downturn when you look back to I guess other periods of macro decline, maybe COVID crisis or even going further back the financial crisis and kind of how you feel about the sales line going into something potentially happening near-term.
Gene Hall: Hi, Heather, its Gene. So we're very cognizant, always of the environment around us, and we try to make sure that we're as a business prepared for where the world is going and clearly being concerned about a macroeconomic downturn, one of those things. And first thing is, at any given point in time, we have clients that are growing clients that are shrinking and clients in between. So we always have clients that are struggling. What we see in a macroeconomic downturn is just more of those clients, but we do it all the time. Now, as I mentioned earlier, we've constantly adjust to try and make sure we are prepared for whatever economic environment comes. And we do this in a number of ways. One of them is we actually do surveys for our clients to understand kind of where their mindset is, what they're concerned about. In fact, in July, we did a survey of more than 150 Chief Financial Officers of our clients to see what was on their mind and therefore how she respond. And they have three priorities. One was securing talent, they're still seeing that it's hard to hire talent, and they're concerned about the wages for those talent. The second one is they want to keep accelerating digital, even in downturn. In fact, we asked these CFOs, what are they going to do in the downturn? 69% said, they're going to continue to increase spending on technology to downturn, 28% said they're going to maintain it and 3% said, they're going to decrease it. So this continued investment technology to prove the economics of business continues on. And the third priority was to manage spending on things like operations, real estate, travel, to pay to hire people and pay higher wages as well as to do these investments in digital. So what we're doing is we're taking our research content and line it with those kinds of priorities, help the clients, making sure they secure talent and manage with inflation, making sure they can continue to accelerate the digital impact on their business. And thirdly, most important maybe helping them to manage spend that's a big part of our business all the time. And we recently updated our, what we call cost optimization work to make sure we can help them with it. So we've updated our research based on, and I gave you the CFO survey. We do surveys all three level executives understand what their individual priorities are. We then update our research, make sure it's on those most construing topics. And then in fact, in July we introduced trainings all our sales people and our service people in terms of what are the most important issues today with clients like the things I just mentioned and how has our research changed so that we can match those fees. And then, we'll continue to do that going forward. And so this wasn't kind of a one-time thing we do once, we do this on an ongoing basis. So part of our strategy is to make sure our content is always on the topics people find important. Now, clearly one of those things is going to be how to manage costs and we will help them with that. But then making sure that all of our sales and service people are equipped to have conversations with senior executives on how we can help them with those priorities. And if this agility is the core part of our business, we also do structural things in our business. Like, if you  the share of both of your contracts we have is quite high and we first strategy to grow that over time. And so it is those two things making sure our content is great, our sales group preferred and making sure the underlying structural factors we can control are also there. That is, if you look over time, we perform better and better at each downturn. And we're certainly aware it might be a downturn and are preparing for it.
Heather Balsky: Great. Thanks. Thanks for doing that. And another player, I guess in the space recently mentioned longer contract cycles. Are you seeing anything like that in your market?
Gene Hall: So I'd say we haven't seen longer contracting cycles. I would say we see escalations it's more likely that a contract would be reviewed by a CFO than it was a year ago. Because we train our sales people, should that that's likely to happen and to be prepared for it. And to both prepare our meeting client who might be like the Chief HR Executive and Chief Information Officer that they might have to go to their CFO and review it and make sure they have what we call a CFO ready packet.
Heather Balsky: Thank you. Thank you for answering my question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
George Tong: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. The performance in GBS was noticeably stronger than GTS. If you look at CV growth it was 23% GBS, 14% GTS and the, the headcount growth was at 17% of GBS compared to 9% at GTS. Does this difference in growth between the two businesses reflect priorities internally or does it reflect customer demand that might be different between GTS and GBS?
Gene Hall: Yeah. Hey George. I think it reflects the investments that we've made more than anything else. So you go back in fact, go back five years ago, we began investing pretty heavily in areas outside of IT. So I think marketing, supply chain, finance, HR, legal, sales those were areas that hadn't traditionally been strong for us. We were in a couple of them, we hadnt been strong. We after investments significantly both buying [indiscernible] and then after bought CEB with investments and what we're seeing in the accelerated growth rate in GBS now is the outcome of those investments. We kind of invested up front there's a lot of discussion about it at the time. And we increased sales capacity, increased research capacity, service capacity, developed a lot of content, and we're seeing the benefits of those. And so I think that's the first piece. The second piece is one of the major factors to grow our business. Clearly with this huge market opportunity is growing our sales head count. And while we increase sales productivity, we've had some good increase in productivity. Growing sales headcount is essential. And so the fact that we've grown our GBS head sales headcount faster over time, not with this quarter, but if you look at like over the last since 2019, we've grown our GBS sales headcount at compound growth rate of about 60% a year, I'm sorry about 5% a year. And that is which is faster than GTS, which is about flat. And so that's allowed the growth to be a lot higher in GBS. So those two things, the combination of the investments and the growth in Salesforce is what's really powered the faster CV growth.
Craig Safian: And the other thing I'd add George is just, as we look at over the medium-term, we believe given the market opportunity and our ability to go capture that market, that both GTS and GBS can be consistent 12% to 16% growers. And so, yes, GBS is growing a little bit ahead of that right now, but we remain very, very, very confident that both GTS and GBS can continue to grow at very strong double digit growth rates.
George Tong: Got it. That's helpful. Last quarter you increased your normalized EBITDA margin targets from 19% and 20% to 20%. And now you're saying underlying margins will be in the low-twenties. So just going back to clarify, are you increasing your underlying margin target over the medium term or are you reiterating it from the prior quarter?
Craig Safian: Yeah, it's a great question. So let me attempt to clarify because it is a very important question. So number one, I would say just as context, we can grow our top line at double digit growth rates and modestly expand margins over time. And there is operating leverage in the business at another way, right? So those are kind of two key points. When we were discussing the 20% normalized margin, we were really looking back to 2021 and attempting to give a view on if things had been more normal what would our operating or EBITDA margins, what would they have been in 2021? What we're now providing is more of a go forward view around what do we believe the operating margins are that we can run the business at. And we have moved that higher over time to your point because we've gotten increased visibility into better ways to run our business. And so what is the new normal for travel expenses? What is the new normal for the amount of real estate we need? What does it look like when in-person conferences come back into the portfolio and what does it look like as we catch up on headcount and then continue to grow and invest to support and sustain future growth and so the way to think about that low-twenties number is yes, it's an update but it's also a view towards what do we think the underlying margins of the business are that we can modestly expand on.
George Tong: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Greg Parrish: Hey, this is Greg Parrish for Toni. Thanks for taking our question and congrats on the strong quarter. Just wanted talk about margin. You ramped up hiring in the quarter a lot margins went up and understand a lot of those probably weren't in the expense space yeah, but just really Craig, if you could kind of help us bridge on how you get to the margin in the back half given the sort of implied step down.
Craig Safian: Yes, absolutely. So you've hit on a number of the items that will impact the margins in the second half of the year. So we're very aggressive on hiring the first half and we expect to remain as aggressive in the second half as we continue to catch up from hiring from 2021 and we also make sure that we're investing appropriately for the future so that's a big piece that goes into the cost base for the second half of year. The second big thing is resumption of travel. And some of that is tied to us returning to in-person destination conferences, but a lot of it is just normal, we run global teams and we want our leaders to be in front of those global teams and so we'll see that ramp up in the second half of the year as well. Third thing is our normal comp adjustment period happens April 1. So we only have one quarter of that in the first half of the year. We obviously have two quarters of that in the second half of the year. And so those are the three biggies as you think about bridging the expenses. And then the fourth one is with the return to in-person destination conferences. Obviously there's a lot of variable cost in delivering those in-person.
Greg Parrish: Great. Thanks for the color there. And I guess just a quick follow-up on pricing, I think last quarter, Craig, you talked about getting more this year, given the inflationary environment, I guess, the broad macro is a little bit different than it was three months ago. Are you still expecting sort of above normal pricing this year?
Craig Safian: Yes, I mean, I think Greg, the way to think about it is we want to make sure that we are matching our price increases with wage inflation or cost inflation. The bulk of our costs are people related. So we feel good that we are matching our price increases with what we're seeing on our wages.
Greg Parrish: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Andrew Nicholas: Hi, good morning. Wanted to ask a question first on the headcount growth, really solid quarter recorder increase there, I think in your prepared remarks, you touched on it briefly, but I was hoping you could spend a bit more time on attrition trends, how that's kind of coming in relative to your expectations and the successful recruiting efforts. Just a little bit more color there, because it does sound like you're still pretty happy with where that's trending and your goals for the full year?
Gene Hall: Yes, Andrew, great question. So the first in terms of our attrition, we want to retain our great associates. Attrition like many companies went up over the last couple years. We worked hard to understand the causes and then making sure that we address that. And actually our associate turnover has actually gone down now to kind of what we would call normal levels. And so we're very happy with that turnover. In addition to that, we have a very strong recruiting team. We have a truly world-class recruiting team and that recruiting team's been doing a great job and of course we have a great employee value proposition as well. So you combine those three things, lower turnover, a great employee value proposition, a crack recruiting team. That's allowed us to get our net associate headcount growth back up to where we need to support the growth in our business.
Andrew Nicholas: Great. Thank you. And then for my follow up, I wanted to ask about strength in the U.S. versus internationally. Obviously, seems like there's pretty broad based growth across the practices and across the industries, but is there any difference in CV growth or how you're kind of able to sell in EMEA for example, given the geopolitical uncertainty or anything to call out there in the court?
Gene Hall: Yes. Hey, there's  what I say is there's nothing systematic. If you look at Europe, Europe is proceeding along, there's some countries that are doing very well. There's some countries that aren't, and it's sort of typical of what we've seen. And then that is kind of flat and same is true for the rest of the world so nothing really remarkable in terms of U.S. versus different geographic region.
Craig Safian: Yes, and Andrew, when we say broad based growth, it is broad based. So we look at it across our top 10 geographies, they're all growing at nice growth rates. When we look across industry cuts, they're all growing at nice growth rates. And so, yes, there are always pockets where there may be a little bit of a challenge for us, but generally those are either like super micro challenges or our own operational challenges. But the growth has remained pretty broad based. The biggest indicator where we've been growing and not growing is where a headcount, our sales headcount has grown faster or slower.
Andrew Nicholas: Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Weber with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Seth Weber: Hey, good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking a question. I wanted to just ask another question on the expense side. I appreciate that travel, T&E and stuff like that is ramping up in the second half of the year. Do you think that the run rate by the end of the second year, will kind of get you back to par or do you think there will still be some kind of catch up headwinds into next year? Thanks.
Craig Safian: Yes, Seth. Good morning. It's a good question. So I think the second half of the year will be more indicative of normal travel, starting off the year, this year, given where we were with the pandemic, it was a little light in the first three or four months of the year and has started to pick back up. And so, yes, second half is probably more indicative. I think the way we're thinking about it is as compared to the last normal year back in 2019 where we expect to spend probably at least 50% less than we did in 2019. And again, we just think that the company and our associate base has embraced and thrived, operating virtually. We still do need to travel, but we don't need to travel at the same volume that we did back in 2019.
Seth Weber: Got it. Thank you. And then just those follow up I was really surprised at the strength in some of the areas like the non-subscription revenue and then the consulting backlog of 45%. I'm just  was there anything unusual there, or is that just reflective of kind of what you were talking about earlier that the model is just more consulting backlog of 45% I'm just  was there anything unusual there, or is that just reflective of kind of what you were talking about earlier that the model is just more recession resistant or resilient than people might expect. And just any comment on those line items, thanks.
Craig Safian: Yes, Seth, I think it just reflects that our clients had challenges that our clients had challenges that they need help with and then our content and the way we deliver the content was through consulting conferences or research is really helpful in helping them solve the problems. And so I think it's indicative, but we have a great value proposition, just kind of what's going on.
Seth Weber: Okay. And just the non-subscription revenue, is that  do you feel like that's a kind of a sustainable level or would you expect that to come off a little bit here going forward?
Craig Safian: Yes Seth. It is we had a really strong year on that line last year. So tough compares there, which again, we did model into our initial guidance and our updated guides as well, but to Gene's point, the products and offerings we have there offer a very strong and compelling value proposition in good times or rougher times. And so we still expect it to be a nice strong grower for us, but again, super tough compare against the 2021 performance.
Seth Weber: Got it. Okay. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Ryan on for Jeff. I just had a quick question on the labor supply side. Is it still as tight to find potential employees as it was three months ago?
Gene Hall: Great question, Ryan, what I read in the press and what I see with a lot of other companies is a lot of challenges. I go to the CFO survey. One of the biggest concerns that CFOs have is their ability to hire talent. We've actually found that we've had no trouble hiring talent. Again, our employee value proposition is very strong. We have a great brand with associates and so we've had no trouble hiring people at all. And that's reflected in the hiring results that you saw.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then just to follow up on the prior question, should we look to non-subscription revenues as a leading indicator if we're heading into a downturn?
Gene Hall: No, I don't think so. I mean, it's a relatively small line and it can be a little volatile. Again, I think as we look across, I would look broadly across the business for leading indicators, not one of the smallest revenue lines that we actually have out there. So now I would guide you to look at consulting, look at conferences and look at our research CV growth as leading indicators.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is Brendan on for Manav. Just want to ask obviously some of your competitors for talent at least are freezing hiring and you may have an opportunity to catch up on headcount in the next few quarters. As a labor market gets a bit more friendly so for GTS specifically, obviously things are started to improve this quarter. Is this a level where you grow 10% off of or you think you can really catch up the next couple  over the next few quarters?
Gene Hall: Hey Brendan, it's a great question. I mean our business grew really rapidly last year and more rapidly we've expected and so we had a lot of hiring to catch up on, including in GTS. And so we want to get that catch up hiring so that we can properly service our clients and also be prepared to sell more clients. And over time we expect to grow our GTS sales force and GBS by the way, take three to five percentage points slower than our CV growth. So CV growth is 15%, you'd expect to see over time our target would be headcount growth of 12%  10% to 12% growth.
Craig Safian: And Brendan, the way to think about that is that's sort of the normal algorithm for how we want to make sure that we are investing for both current needs and future sustained growth. Obviously, this year to Gene's point, we are doing a lot of catching up. And so you'll see those growth rates a little bit higher potentially obviously with GBS up at 17 and we're fully expecting both GTS and GBS to end the year with strong double-digit quota-bearing headcount growth.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And just another question here, but moving over to the conferences, is the guidance increase really, is it just like better attendance than you expected? Are the conferences all full? Is that kind  is that what it is or is there something else driving that higher?
Gene Hall: Hey, Brendan, so the first piece of it is that we're seeing very, very robust demand for conferences. Exhibitors are finding it in a great way to meet prospects for them. And the attendees find tremendous value, so we're finding just very strong demand for our conferences continuing on. And then I'll let Craig talk about how [indiscernible].
Craig Safian: Yes. So I think, Brendan, obviously the second quarter, where our first in-person destination conferences in a few years and so we were pretty cautious about our expectations around the number of exhibitors and number of attendees that would want to come, would be able to come. And as you heard in our comments, I think both groups enthusiastically returned in the second quarter. And as Gene mentioned, earlier our bookings leading through our Q3 events and even the advanced bookings on Q4 conferences, look very strong as well. And so the update, the outlook is really just around some caution upfront because we hadn't delivered anything in person in essentially three  almost three years. And we saw an enthusiastic return from both revenue streams, attendees and our exhibitors.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is actually Stephanie on Hamzah. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the tenure or your GTS sales force today versus pre-pandemic. How much tenure can add to productivity and right now, if you view the GTS sales force productivity is kind of back to those pre-pandemic levels. Thank you.
Gene Hall: Hey Stephanie, great question. So tenure is an important determinant of productivity. When we hire new salesperson, it takes some time to fully get up to speed. And so a more tenure sales person is more productive. We're very focused on both hiring people to get up to speed quickly, as well as having internal training and other systems that help those new sales people get up to speed even faster. If you look at it, because we hired fewer people during the pandemic, the average tenure sales force last year was pretty high. The highest it's been in recent memory, as we ramped up our hiring, in Q2, it was more towards a normal tenure level as we keep hiring, we expect that to drop a bit for the rest of the year again during 2023.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you. And then kind of switching gears. Could you talk bit about the M&A environment, how's the pipeline looking today and kind of where your focus is at?
Craig Safian: Hey Stephanie, good morning. From an M&A perspective, obviously, we've got a team that is actively out there looking at opportunities and staying in touch with a few hundred companies and actually tracking well more than that. I think our strategy as we've articulated is number one, we're an organic growth company and we believe we can achieve our medium term objectives of the double-digit growth and modest margin expansion organically. And so it does not require M&A to get there. That said, we do like to do M&A, when it can fill a gap or catalyze us or add an asset or capability or things like that. So I think as we look at the radar screen, we are looking at things that can catalyze us or fill in gaps or add assets to our portfolio that can help us over the long-term. I think there obviously over the last two or three quarters just like the equity markets has been a recalibration around valuations. I'm not sure every seller has completely recalibrated yet either. But again, we'll continue to be on the lookout for strong strategic value enhancing tuck-in opportunities that again can either catalyze growth, fill in a gap or add important assets for us.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm currently showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Gene Hall for closing remarks.
Gene Hall: Well, summarizing today's call. In the second quarter, we drove strong performances across the business, across every geography, every industry, and every major function we deliver incredible value. We have strong demand for services with have a vast untapped market opportunity. We can drive sustained double-digit top line growth. As we invest for the future. We'll continue to return significant levels of excess capital to our shareholders to our 2022 guidance. First of all, we increased our 2022 guidance. Thanks for joining us today. And we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-03 08:00:00) =====
Disclaimer*: This transcript is designed to be used alongside the freely available audio recording on this page. Timestamps within the transcript are designed to help you navigate the audio should the corresponding text be unclear. The machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide.:
Operator: 00:02 Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Gartners First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] 00:25 I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Cohen, Gartner's SVP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Cohen: 00:41 Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for Gartner's first quarter 2022 earnings call and hope you are well. With me on the call today are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Chief Financial Officer. This call will include a discussion of first quarter 2022 financial results and Gartner's updated outlook for 2022 as disclosed in today's earnings release and earnings supplement, both posted to our website, investor.gartner.com. 01:07 Following comments by Gene and Craig, we will open up the call for your questions. We ask that you limit your questions to one and a follow-up. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, but the adjustments is described in our earnings release and the supplement. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX-neutral, unless stated otherwise. 01:27 Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2021 foreign exchange rates unless stated otherwise. 01:41 As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2021 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. 02:04 Now, I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: 02:09 Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Gartner had a great start to 2022. In the first quarter, performance was strong across the business. We delivered growth in revenue, EBITDA, EPS, and free cash flow. We drove acceleration in contract value and our significant share repurchase program has lowered our share count. 02:29 With our strong Q1 results, were increasing our 2022 guidance. Research continues to be our largest and most profitable segment. Gartner research provides actionable objective insight to executives and their teams across all major enterprise functions in every industry around the world. 02:46 We continue to have a vast market opportunity across all structures, sizes, and geographies. And we are delivering more value to our clients than ever before. It was a high degree of volatility and uncertainty in the world. Our clients are facing more challenging decisions than ever before. Weve been incredible agile in supporting them through these trying times. 03:07 Were delivering more relevant and timely content on current pressing issues such as, successfully operating in a hybrid work environment, developing strategies to attract and retain talent, and managing supply chain disruptions. Beyond these issues, we continue to provide unparalleled insight and advise on top priorities, including transitioning to digital business, [within] [ph] diverse, equitable, and inclusive organizations, managing cyber security threats and much more. 03:36 Whether our clients are experiencing good times or bad, and regardless of role, we deliver incredible value to enterprise leaders and their teams and we have strong demand for our services. Research revenue grew 18% in Q1. Total contract value growth was 16% at the top end of our medium-term outlook. 03:56 Within our research segment, we serve executives and their teams through distinct sales channels. Global technology sales or GTS, serves leaders and their teams within IT. GTS contract value grew 14%. Global business sales or GPS serves leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, marketing, sales, legal, and more. GTS contract value grew 24%. 04:27 Turning now to our conferences business, Gartner Conferences deliver extraordinary value to an engaged and highly qualified audience. Q1 is a seasonally small quarter for our conferences business, which performed as expected in the first quarter. We ran five virtual conferences in Q1. We pushed several conferences that traditionally occurred in Q1 to later in the year to facilitate bringing them in-person. 04:51 We continue to see strong demand for in-person conferences from our clients and prospects. We're taking a deliberate based approach as we return to in-person experiences. Next week, we will be hosting our first in-person conference since our pivot to virtual in 2020. The Gartner Data & Analytics Summit will run next week in London. Attendee tickets and exhibitor space has sold out for this summit. Our clients, prospects, analysts, and sales teams are eager to come together. 05:23 As we return to in-person conferences, we'll continue to leverage our profitable virtual conferences as a complement to our in-person conferences. Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research. Consulting helps clients execute their most strategic initiatives through deeper extended project-based work. Consulting is an important complement to our [IC research business] [ph]. 05:45 Consulting revenue grew a very strong 20% in the first quarter. So, we had a great start to the year. To sustain our success over the long-term, weve made target investments in hiring and retaining top talent that are paying off. Across the company, turnover has stabilized. We expanded our recruiting capacity last year and are adding new associates at a strong pace. 06:07 In Q1, we had our highest number of new hires ever. We grew headcount 4% sequentially achieving our quarterly hiring target. Were on pace to achieve our hiring goals for 2022. The world continues to face significant challenges. Beyond the unrelenting COVID-19 pandemic, Russia's invasion of Ukraine is a terrible humanitarian crisis. Our thoughts are with all those who continue to be impacted. 06:33 Gartner is exiting the Russian market. In addition, weve established a free resource center to help leaders address a range of business issues that have emerged as a result of this crisis. 06:44 In closing, we started 2022 with strong performances. Weve great momentum across the business. Whether clients are experiencing good times or bad, and regardless of role, we deliver incredible value to enterprise leaders and their teams, and we have strong demand for our services. Weve a vast untapped market opportunity. 07:04 We generate significant free cash flow in excess of net income. Looking ahead, were well-positioned to drive strong top-line growth with modest margin expansion. As we invest for future growth, well continue to return significant levels of excess capital to our shareholders. This reduces our shares outstanding and increases returns in capital over time. With our strong Q1 results, we're increasing our 2022 guidance. 07:30 With that, I'll hand the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. Wholl give you more detail. Craig?
Craig Safian: 07:36 Thank you, Gene, and good morning. First quarter results were strong with acceleration in contract value growth and strength in revenue, EBITDA, and free cash flow. EPS was particularly strong as the benefit of share buybacks reduced our share count. With results above our expectations, we are increasing our 2022 guidance. The improved outlook reflects the better than expected first quarter top line results and increased revenue from conferences we now expect to hold in-person. 08:03 First quarter revenue was $1.3 billion, up 14% year-over-year as reported and 16% FX neutral. In addition, total contribution margin was 70%, up 44 basis points versus the prior year. EBITDA was $329 million, up 3% year-over-year and up 5% FX neutral. Adjusted EPS was $2.33, up 17% and free cash flow in the quarter was $150 million, up 4% year-over-year. 08:31 Adjusting for insurance proceeds received last year, free cash flow was up 17% on a rolling four quarter basis. Research revenue in the first quarter grew 16% year-over-year as reported and 18% on an FX neutral basis. Retention was very strong again and new business continued to increase. 08:49 First quarter research contribution margin was 75%, up 81 basis points versus 2021. Higher than normal contribution margins reflect improved operational effectiveness, increased scale and continued temporary avoidance of travel expenses. We've been increasing our headcount, which we expect continue as we move through the year. 09:09 Contract Value or CV was $4.2 billion at the end of the first quarter, up 16% versus the prior year. This includes our decision to exit the Russian market, which reduced CV by about $14 million. Quarterly net Contract Value Increase or NCVI was $80 million net of the impact of Russia CV just noted. 09:32 Quarterly NCVI is a helpful way to measure Contract Value performance in the quarter, even though there is notable seasonality in this metric. We saw broad-based CV growth across all of our practices. Our technology practice grew 14% and all of our other business practices grew at double-digit growth rates with the majority of them growing more than 20% year-over-year. 09:54 From an industry perspective, retail, manufacturing, and services led our CV growth. Global Technology Sales Contract Value was $3.3 billion at end of the first quarter, up 14% versus the prior year. GTS had quarterly NCVI of $46 million in the quarter. Again, net of the impact of exiting Russia, while retention for GTS was 107% for the quarter, up about 900 basis points year-over-year. 10:20 GTS new business was up 6% versus last year when very strong new business benefited from a post-pandemic [bounce] [ph], including modestly higher than normal win backs. GTS quota-bearing headcount was up slightly year-over-year. In the first quarter, we promoted a higher than normal level of frontline sellers to sales manager roles. This reflected our strong CV performance and sets us up for future growth. This March was our best hiring month since the start of the pandemic. 10:46 Our net hiring is in-line with our plan, turnover is improving, and we remain on track to achieve double-digit QBH growth this year. Our regular full set of GTS metrics can be found in the appendix of our earnings supplement. 10:59 Global Business Sales Contract Value was $899 million at the end of the first quarter, up 24% year-over-year, which is above the high-end of our medium-term outlook of 12% to 16%. GBS CV increased $34 million from the fourth quarter, while retention for GBS was 115% for the quarter, up about 11 percentage points year-over-year. GBS new business was up 18%, compared to last year, reflecting robust growth across the full portfolio and against a strong compare. 11:30 GBS quota-bearing headcount increased sequentially and is up 15% year-over-year. We remain on track to grow GBS headcount at double digit rates in 2022. As with GTS, our regular full set of GBS metrics can be found in the appendix of our earnings supplement. 11:47 Conferences revenue for the first quarter was $10 million in-line with our expectations. The first quarter is always a seasonally small quarter and we pushed several conferences to later in the year to increase the likelihood of running them in-person. Contribution margin in the quarter was negative 28% given the seasonality in revenue and normal quarterly costs. We held five virtual conferences in the quarter. 12:09 We held Avanta meetings in both virtual and in-person formats. As we look to the rest of the year, we plan to run 24 in person conferences. We will continue to run a mix of in-person and virtual conferences as a part of our go-forward strategy for the business. I will detail our updated annual outlook for conferences shortly. 12:28 First quarter consulting revenues increased by 17% year-over-year to $116 million. On an FX neutral basis, revenues were up 20%. Consulting contribution margin was 44% in the first quarter, up almost 5 percentage points versus the prior year with better than expected revenue and a mixed benefit from strong growth in contract optimization. 12:49 Labor based revenues were $96 million, up 14% versus Q1 of last year and up 18% on an FX neutral basis. Backlog at March 31 was $147 million, increasing 30% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis with another strong bookings quarter. 13:06 We revised our backlog methodology to include the expected revenue from the out years of multi-year agreements. This change contributed about 7 percentage points to the backlog growth rate in the quarter. 13:17 Our contract optimization business was up 29% as reported and 30% on an FX neutral basis versus the prior year. As we've detailed in the past, this part of the consulting segment is highly [valuable] [ph]. 13:29 Consolidated cost of services increased 13% year-over-year in the first quarter as reported and 14% on an FX neutral basis. The biggest driver of the increase was higher headcount to support our continued strong growth. SG&A increased 27% year-over-year in the first quarter as reported and 29% on an FX neutral basis. SG&A increased in the quarter as a result of a $24 million non-recurring real estate charge, higher commission expense, following strong CV growth in 2021, and increased hiring in sales and G&A functions. 14:01 SG&A without the facilities related charge would have increased 22% year-over-year and would have been 47% of revenue in the quarter. We expect SG&A expenses to increase over time as our hiring continues. EBITDA for the first quarter was $329 million, up 3% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 5% FX neutral. 14:22 First quarter EBITDA upside to our guidance primarily reflected revenue exceeding our forecasts. Depreciation in the quarter of $23 million was down modestly versus 2021. Net interest expense, excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter was $30 million, up $5 million versus the first quarter of 2021, due to an increase in total debt balances. The Q1 adjusted tax rate, which we used for the calculation of adjusted net income was 20.3% for the quarter. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was 24% for the quarter. 14:55 Adjusted EPS in Q1 was $2.33, growth of 17% year-over-year. The weighted average fully diluted share count for the first quarter was 83 million. This is a reduction of more than 6 million shares or about 7% year-over-year. We exited the first quarter with about 82 million fully diluted shares. 15:15 Operating cash flow for the quarter was $168 million, up 7% compared to last year. CapEx for the quarter was $17 million, up 38% year-over-year as a result of an increase in capitalized software. Free cash flow for the quarter was $150 million. Free cash flow growth continues to be an important part of our business model with modest CapEx needs and upfront client payments. 15:39 As many of you know, we generate free cash flow well in excess of net income. Our conversion from EBITDA is very strong with the differences being cash interest, cash taxes, and modest CapEx, partially offset by strong working capital cash inflows. Adjusting for the insurance proceeds we received last year, free cash flow is a percent of revenue or free cash flow margin was 22% on a rolling four quarter basis. 16:04 On the same basis, free cash flow was 84% of EBITDA and 159% of GAAP net income. At the end of the first quarter, we had $456 million of cash. Our March 31 debt balance was $2.5 billion. Our reported gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA was under 2x. 16:23 Our expected free cash flow generation, unused revolver, and excess cash remaining on the balance sheet provide ample liquidity to deliver on our capital allocation strategy of share repurchases and strategic tuck-in M&A. We repurchased around $450 million of stock during the first quarter and about $630 million through the end of April. 16:43 Last week, the Board increased the repurchase authorization by $500 million bringing us to a total of about $1 billion available for open market buybacks. We expect the Board to continue to refresh the repurchase authorization as needed going forward. Since the end of 2020 through the end of this April, weve reduced our shares outstanding by 8 million shares. This is a reduction of 9% from the end of 2020. 17:07 As we continue to repurchase shares, we expect our capital base will shrink. This is accretive to earnings per share and combined with growing profits also delivers increasing returns on invested capital over time. We are increasing our full-year guidance to reflect strong Q1 performance and the return of in-person conferences. 17:24 We also updated guidance to reflect a stronger U.S. dollar. We now expect an FX impact to our revenue growth rates of about 260 basis points for the full-year. This is up from 150 basis points based on rates when we guided in February. As we detailed last quarter, 2021 research performance benefited from several factors, including QBH tenure mix, NCVI phasing within the quarters and the year, record retention rates and strong non-subscription growth. We continue to assume that those benefits do not persist at the same levels through 2022. 17:58 The growth compares also get harder as we move through the year. We were taking a balanced approach based on historical trends and patterns, which we've reflected in the updated guidance. We are updating our guidance for the incremental revenue from 24 planned in-person conferences with significantly more visibility into the second quarter. We will continue to update our outlook as we have more visibility. 18:20 For our local one day Avanta events, we expect to run most of them in-person while continuing to run some virtually. We expect about one-third of our full-year conferences revenue in the second quarter this year. 18:32 Consistent with our commentary last quarter, our base level assumptions for consolidated expenses continue to reflect significant headcount increases during the year to support current and future growth. 18:43 We have modeled higher labor costs and [T&E] [ph] well above 2021 levels as weve previously indicated. We will also have higher commissions during 2022 due to the very good selling performance we delivered in 2021. Finally, we continue to invest in our tech, both client facing and internal applications as part of our innovation and continuous improvement programs. 19:04 Our updated guidance for 2022 is as follows: We expect research revenue of at least $4.575 billion, which is FX neutral growth of about 14%. The FX neutral growth is up about 160 basis points from our prior guidance due to strong NCVI performance in the first quarter. We expect conferences revenue of at least $270 million, which is growth of about 30% FX neutral. 19:30 We expect consulting revenue of at least $430 million, which is growth of about 7% FX neutral. The result is an outlook for consolidated revenue of at least $5.275 billion, which is FX neutral growth of 14%. The FX neutral growth is up about 330 basis points from our prior guidance, due to strong performance in the first quarter and the shift in person conferences. 19:52 Without the strengthening U.S. dollar since February, our revenue guidance would have been about $155 million higher than previous guidance. We now expect full-year EBITDA of at least $1.135 billion, up $100 million from our prior guidance and an increase in our margin outlook as well. Without the strengthening U.S. dollar since February, our EBITDA guidance would have been about $110 million higher in previous guidance. 20:18 We now expect 2022 adjusted EPS of at least $7.80. For 2022, we now expect free cash flow at least $930 million. Our guidance is based on $82 million fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding, which reflects the repurchases made through the end of April. All of the details of our full-year guidance are included on our Investor Relations site. 20:40 Finally, for the second quarter of 2022, we expect to deliver at least $300 million of EBITDA. Weve a strong start to the year with momentum across the business. Contract Value continue to accelerate. EPS grew mid-teens fueled by the significant reduction of shares over the past year. We repurchased roughly $630 million in stock this year through April and remain committed to returning excess capital to our shareholders. 20:40 Looking out over the medium-term, our financial model and expectations are unchanged. With 12% to 16% research CV growth, we will deliver double-digit revenue growth. With gross margin expansion, sales costs growing in-line with CV growth over time, and G&A leverage, we can modestly expand margins from the normalized 2021 level. 21:26 We can grow free cash flow at least as fast as EBITDA because of our modest CapEx needs and the benefits of our clients paying us upfront, and we'll continue to deploy our capital on share repurchases, which will lower the share count over time and on strategic value enhancing, tuck-in M&A. 21:42 With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: 21:42 Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeff Meuler with Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Meuler: 22:03 Yes. Thank you, and great quarter. So, you already gave me 15 talking points on this, but I'm going to ask about it anyway. Just a quota-bearing sales headcount being flat, so, just so I understand reconciling what you gave us to that metric, so the turnover is seasonally higher in Q1, but turnover for quota-bearing headcount is actually getting better year-over-year and then Q1 is also seasonally high for promotions and given the planned growth, there's more promotions this year than there were last year, but hiring is performing to plan and is actually the best since before the pandemic, are those the right reconciliation points to explain while QBH is still flat sequentially?
Gene Hall: 22:56 Yeah, Its Gene. So, [Technical Difficulty] is going to plan and we're on track for the year [Technical Difficulty] double-digit headcount in our [Technical Difficulty] headcount. As you have more [portions] [ph] at the January [Technical Difficulty] year we've done this for long period of [Technical Difficulty]. 23:25 So, we will be [Technical Difficulty] January to your point, we [Technical Difficulty] backlog [Technical Difficulty] because of the pandemic than we've had in the [Technical Difficulty] pandemic were. So, that's [Technical Difficulty] bigger drain on quota-bearing headcount.
Jeff Meuler: 23:52 Okay. I don't know if you can hear me
Craig Safian: 23:56 Yes, Jeff, let me just repeat what Gene said, we're just having a little bit of trouble in his microphone. So, a couple points
Jeff Meuler: 24:14 I don't know if it's just me. I'm also having trouble hearing you.
Craig Safian: 24:21 All right. So hopefully now you can hear me?
Jeff Meuler: 24:24 Yes.
Craig Safian : 24:26 Okay, great. So, we'll work through the problem with Genes mic, but he was saying, as we've seen improving attrition really starting in the second half of last year and continuing through this year, which is very, very positive. We do almost all of our promotions in the beginning of the year in January, and so because of the really strong growth and bounce back in GTS, we had more promotions than we normally have in the first quarter, and obviously, we fill them generally with our best performing frontline associates. Its the next step in the promotional ladder that our frontline sellers take. 25:14 As Gene and I both mentioned in our prepared remarks, very strong recruitment and hiring across the organization and in particular in GTS. And then the one other thing I would add, it had a modest impact, but was also the exiting of Russia had a small impact on the sequential QBH reported number as well.
Jeff Meuler: 25:37 Got it. Very helpful. And then on conferences, so I can under understand kind of the business performance and the assumptions, for the Q2 conferences that you have better line of sight to, I heard that at least some of them look like record attendance or sold out attendance. Are those conferences, are you monetizing them above the pre-pandemic level at this point and the full-year guidance being below the pre-pandemic level is about the risk-adjusting the conferences assumptions for later in the year, plus fewer conferences, just wondering conference monetization of those that are happening with good line of sight relative to pre-pandemic?
Craig Safian: 26:23 Yes, Jeff, it's a great question and Gene will follow on here as well. So, a few thoughts there. So, as we noted, we are transitioning 24 that had previously been planned as virtual to run in-person over the balance of the year. And clearly, we have more visibility into ones that are running next week, as Gene noted than ones that are running in the fourth quarter. 26:50 From a monetization perspective, just a couple of thoughts there. So, one is, we're planning on having fewer  in some cases, fewer attendees in each of the conferences than we had historically to be mindful of being able to social distance and not feel like we are packing everyone in shoulder-to-shoulder given the environment. 27:15 And so in some cases, we will have fewer attendees than we had in pre-pandemic. In some cases as the conferences have been building, we'll have more attendees than we had pre-pandemic. And so, the revenues will not bounce back immediately to pre-pandemic levels predominantly because we want to make sure that we can keep people say healthy and feeling safe and healthy at the conferences by just moderating the attendance.
Jeff Meuler: 27:47 Got it. Thank you.
Operator: 27:51 Thank you. Our next question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Toni Kaplan: 27:56 Thanks so much. I wanted to ask about pricing, are you able to increase prices more this year compared to prior years just given the inflationary environment and have customers been generally understanding about it, if thats the case?
Craig Safian: 28:25 Hi Toni. Thanks for the question. So, we are being a little more aggressive on pricing this year, and the way we're basically thinking about it is, you know as we're dealing with and have modeled in more wage inflation or cost inflation on our people, we are making sure that we at least match that from a pricing perspective so that we can protect our margins. And I say, generally speaking, so far this year our clients are understanding of the price increases. Again, as we've talked about in the past, our  the spending with us at most of our clients represents a pretty small ticket item and modest price increase our clients are generally understanding, and of course, we've been significantly improving our products and insights along the way as well.
Toni Kaplan: 29:24 Great. I wanted to also ask about the EBITDA margin guidance you raised the margin to 21.5% for the year from 20%. And I think the results in the quarter and the FX impact based on my estimates that drove sort of about [half the raise] [ph], but maybe you could have had different forecast than I did, but anything outside of the first quarter be in the FX that really drove, sort of the higher margin for the year, thatd be helpful? Thanks.
Craig Safian: 29:58 Yeah, of course. That's great question. The way to think about it is probably two or three things. So, number one, the NCVI performance in the first quarter exceeded our expectations, and obviously that benefited Q1, but it also flows through into the balance of the year and generally flows through pretty nicely from an incremental margin perspective. 30:25 Second thing is obviously the pivot to in-person conferences and that incremental $70 million of revenue does flow through with some decent incremental margins there. And then third, there are some SG&A savings, predominantly G&A savings that were able to dial through P&L as well and most notably, we did take as you would know a charge for real estate in the quarter and we dialed in the 2022 expense benefit from that facility chart. So, it's really a combination of those three things that are driving both the revenue and EBITDA side and translating into modestly higher EBITDA margins for the full-year.
Toni Kaplan: 31:12 Terrific. Thanks again. Congrats on the quarter.
Operator: 31:16 Thank you. Our next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
George Tong: 31:21 Hi, thanks. Good morning. GTS and GBS productivity both increased pretty significantly in the quarter, can you elaborate on the factors driving improvement and productivity and how much further improvement you see in both of the segments?
Gene Hall: 31:37 Hey it's Gene, I'll try again. Hopefully my line works this time. So, basically, we're very focused on improving productivity for both GTS and GBS. It's been [indiscernible] one period of time, and we have a lot of programs we talked about from time-to-time on improvement productivity. It includes things like our recruiting programs, our training programs, the tools we give our salespeople people and our processes. And what you're seeing I think, it also includes become our content to making sure on the most important issues. And I think all those things are coming together driving productivity. 32:11 In addition to that, because of our slower growth in headcount last year, we have an higher average tenure than we would have, it kind of normal time to call it pre-pandemic times. 32:22 So, those are the key factors that drive productivity. The operational changes we're making and modestly higher tenure, compared with pre-pandemic times?
George Tong: 32:31 Got it. That's helpful. And then you're guiding to double digit growth in headcount this year, can you elaborate on how much headcount growth you're expecting in GTS, compared to GBS over the remainder of this year?
Gene Hall: 32:46 Yes. Yes, we're expecting both to grow double-digit rates because of the faster contracts Ive roughly seen from GBS. Wed expect that double-digit headcount to be modestly higher than GTS.
George Tong: 32:58 Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: 33:03 Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair. Your line is open.
Trevor Romeo: 33:08 Hi, good morning. This is actually Trevor Romeo in for Andrew. Thanks so much for taking the questions. First, I was kind of just wondering if you could call out any drivers of the consulting strength with 20% FX neutral growth and what look like record backlog, any new kind of service offerings or changes that clients have been particularly receptive to there?
Craig Safian: 33:30 Hey, Trevor, we always make improvements to our processes and we've been making substantial improvements to our consulting processes, but is fundamentally the strategy we have, which is consulting is an extension of our research business and we're helping clients with the same difficult issues that we do in our research business, but it led to us work with clients in a more in-depth way for those clients that prefer that. And so it's really a combination of operational changes with fundamental demand.
Trevor Romeo: 33:55 Okay, great.
Gene Hall: 33:57 Sorry, Trevor. I would just add. The growth in the quarter was both across labor base and contract optimization. So, 14% year-over-year reported growth are our labor based revenue and 29% reported growth on the contract optimization business.
Trevor Romeo: 34:17 Yes. Understood. Thank you. And then just kind of a follow-up on the margin outlook, looks like now 2022, the guide implies about 21%, 22% margins, has you're thinking around kind of the normalized margin run rate for the business going forward kind of also increased? Is this kind of a good baseline to build on?
Gene Hall: 34:39 Hey, Trevor. Great question. So, the implied margin of the outlook right now is about 21.5%. The way we continue to think about it is, our normalized margin is around 20 as we think about it. We are still seeing some benefits and we are still catching up to some extent on a number of items whether it be headcount, travel, and a few other things. And so the way to think about the normalized margins moving forward is around 20%.
Trevor Romeo: 35:17 Okay great. Thank very much very. Very helpful.
Operator: 35:21 Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: 35:28 Hi. Good morning. This is [Ryan] [ph] on for Jeff. Just had a follow-up question on the conferences. Given the move to in-person conferences this year, how does that affect the financial model from both a margin percentage in margin dollar basis?
Gene Hall: 35:43 Hey, good morning. So, yes, as you saw were  we flow through an incremental $70 million of revenues. And guys important to remember that we're pivoting from virtual where there was revenue expectations in-person where there was just a higher revenue expectation. So, it's not going from zero to something, it's going from a smaller number based on a virtual conference to a larger number based on an in-person conference. 36:13 As I mentioned earlier, I forgot whos question it was  it was about, it was Jeff's question about the scale of the conferences. We are running them at a little bit lower scale than we had pre-pandemic, and so our expectation on the margin flow through is not as high as it would have been pre-pandemic. That said, the margin dollar flow through is obviously more than it would be had we been running virtual. 36:46 So, the way to think about it is, we're probably in the 20% to 30% incremental margin flow through on the shift from virtual to in-person conferences is that hurts the margin percentage, but its obviously [helpful] [ph] in terms of generating nicely more margin dollars for us going through to the bottom line.
Unidentified Analyst: 37:16 Got it. Thank you. And then just a modeling question. When should we think about normalized T&E expense base returning this year?
Gene Hall: 37:28 Yes. It's slowly building. Q1 given the environment and given the fact that we weren't running too many conferences or any in-person conferences was very late. We would expect second half of the year to look more like normal. That said, though, we are still rebuilding our conferences portfolios as we roll into years beyond 2022, there may be more travel associated with delivering those. But second half of the year, we expect to be back at a semi-normal rate of travel. But again, I think we won't get back to true normal travel levels until our conference portfolio has fully come back.
Operator: 38:30 Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Heather Balsky with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Heather Balsky: 38:40 Hi, thank you. First, just a follow-up question on the normalized margin outlook you talked about, you still think it's 20%, I guess, given that you exceeded plan thus far this year and you raised your guidance, I'm curious then when you think about the 150 basis points of margin improvement in your guide, how much of that, kind of is a go forward, sustainable benefit or [indiscernible]? And how much of it, I guess how much shifted into next year? I'm just curious given that you be planned why  why a margin outlook would stay at 20%?
Craig Safian : 39:19 Hey, good morning, Heather. I think it's a few things. So, one, given the really strong growth that we delivered last year, we are still to an extent catching up on all the people we need on staff to really deliver to our clients and drive future growth. And so, while we're hiring at a furious cases, as Gene highlighted and we are on our operational plan, we are still playing catch up in some areas. And so that would be a little bit of, some of the bridge between the 21.5 and the normalized level of 20. 40:09 We just talked about one of the other levers, which is travel, which again has not fully come back yet. We actually were under a plan in travel expense in the first quarter. We do expect it to build, but as I just discussed, it's not back to full normalized levels yet and we'll get there over time. 40:32 Those are probably the two biggest ones and then obviously also making sure that we are making all the right investments so that we can drive repeatable, sustained top-line, double-digit growth. Again, that means growing GTS and GBS at those double-digit growth rates and continuing to do that. And I think those are the three big factors as we think about the current guide, and then the normalized level of margins.
Heather Balsky: 41:03 Got it. And your second comment, I guess brings me to my follow-up question, which is, as we think of the rest of the year, if you were to exceed on your sales plan, I think you talked in the past about what your [flow through on] [ph] the gross margin side is? I'm curious how much, how should we think about incremental investment for kind of any [sales beats] [ph] that you  they might see as the year progresses?
Craig Safian : 41:31 Yes. I mean, I think we are  we built a real solid operational plan at beginning of the year that had the sales hiring and expert hiring and service hiring that we need to deliver on 2022 and also to make sure that we're set up to continue to drive really strong growth rates into 2023 and beyond. 42:02 If CV growth is a little faster than we had expected, there would probably be incremental sellers, incremental experts, and incremental service people. Again, to make sure that we keep our clients really, really happy and keep delivering great value and can continue to grow. So, as we move through the year, I'd say right now, we feel good about our investment plans and hiring plans. 42:28 If the performance is starting to look higher or lower than our current expectations, we will obviously adjust as necessary. So, if we see stronger growth, we would probably do more hiring; if we see softer growth, we would potentially slow down a little bit, but from where we sit today, we feel like we've got a really strong hiring plan that will allow us to deliver on 2022 and also set us up for continuing to grow into the future.
Heather Balsky: 42:58 Great. Thank you for your help.
Operator: 43:01 Thank you. And I'm currently showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn to call back over to Gene Hall for closing remarks.
Gene Hall: 43:08 So summarizing today's call, we started 2022 with strong performances. We have great momentum across the business. With our clients who are experiencing good times or bad, and regardless of role, we can deliver incredible value to enterprise leaders and their teams. 43:23 We have strong demand for our services. We have a vast untapped market opportunity. We generate significant free cash flow and excess net income. Looking ahead, we're well positioned to drive strong top line growth with modest margin expansion. 43:38 As we invest for future growth, well continue to return significant levels of excess capital to our shareholders. This reduces our shares outstanding and increases returns on capital over time, and with our strong results were increasing our 2022 guidance. 43:52 Thanks for joining us today. And we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: 43:57 This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-08 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Gartner Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode.[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call may be recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to David Cohen, Gartner's GVP of Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Cohen: Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for Gartner's fourth quarter 2021 earnings call and hope you are well. With me on the call today are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer, and Craig Safian, Chief Financial Officer. This call will include a discussion of fourth quarter 2021 financial results and Gartner's outlook for 2022 as disclosed in today's earnings release and earnings supplement, both posted to our website, investor.gartner.com. Following comments by Gene and Craig, we will open up the call for your questions. We ask that you limit your questions to one and a follow-up. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, but the adjustments as described in our earnings release and the supplement. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX-neutral, unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2021 foreign exchange rates unless stated otherwise. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2020 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Good morning. And thanks for joining us. 2021 was a great year for Gartner. We performed well across the business. Contract value growth accelerated to 16%. We delivered strong performances in revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow, and we repurchased almost $1.7 billion of stock. Research continues to be our largest and most profitable segment. Our Research segment provides actionable, objective insight to executives and their teams. Our expert guidance and tools enable faster, smarter decisions and stronger performance on an organization's mission critical priorities. We serve leaders across all major enterprise functions in every industry around the world. Our market opportunity is vast across all sectors, sizes and geographies. And we're delivering more value than ever. In today's world, client priorities include things like transforming to a digital business, protecting cybersecurity, competing in a war for talent, building a diverse, equitable and inclusive organization, whether and how to return to offices, managing supply chain disruptions and more. So these are really hard problems. And our clients rely on us for insights they can't get anywhere else. Research revenue grew 12% for the full year. Total contract value growth was 16%, at the top end of our medium term outlook. We serve executives and their teams through distinct sales channels. Global Technology Sales, or GTS, serves leaders and their teams within IT. GTS contract value grew 14% for the full year. Global Business Sales, or GBS, serves leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, marketing, sales, legal and more. GBS contract value grew an impressive 24% for the year. Enterprise leaders and their teams benefit from the same Gartner value proposition regardless of role. We've demonstrated this in technology, supply chain, marketing and now across all the other major functions. We're providing value to our clients and prospects and our focus on relentless execution of proven practices will continue. Our Conferences business also delivered excellent performance in 2021. Conferences revenue grew 78% for the full year. We continue to provide great value for clients through ongoing innovation of our virtual offerings and we returned to in-person Evanta events. As conditions continue to stabilize, we are operationally prepared to return to in-person conferences where and when we can. We'll continue to leverage our profitable virtual conferences as appropriate. Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research. Consulting helps clients execute their most strategic initiatives through deeper, extended project based work. Consulting is an important complement to our IT research business. Consulting revenue grew 9% for the full year, with strong performances across the business in 2021. Gartner is a growth company. We have great candidates and continue to invest in our associates in support of future growth. In 2021, we ramped up our recruiting capacity. We're seeing great success in hiring in the challenging labor market. With the rapid acceleration of our business, we have some catch-up hiring and normal growth are in plan for this year. Getting back to our normal growth hiring will position us for long-term, sustained double-digit growth. As we accelerate hiring, we plan to manage sales costs to grow roughly in line with revenue over the long term. A core element of our strategy is to continuously innovate and improve so we get better, faster, stronger every year. We're innovating to provide increasing value to clients through improved user experiences, interactive tools and ever greater insights. We're also continuing to improve our internal processes, so our sales, research and service associates can spend even more time working with clients and prospects. In closing, we performed well in 2021. We expect to deliver a strong performance in 2022. We have a compelling value proposition and a large untapped market opportunity. Over the longer term, we're well positioned to drive strong top line growth with modest margin expansion from our normalized 2021 levels. We generate significant free cash flow in excess of net income. We'll deploy that cash flow to return capital to our shareholders through share repurchases and to make strategic tuck-in acquisitions. With that, I'll hand the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. Craig?
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene. And good morning. Fourth quarter results were again excellent, with acceleration in our contract value growth rate and strength in revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow. As our 2022 guidance highlights, we expect double-digit FX-neutral revenue growth and a margin of 20%, even while increasing our hiring and restoring costs to invest for the future. Our financial performance for the full year 2021 included total contract value, up 16%, total revenue growth of 15%, EBITDA growth of 57%, diluted adjusted EPS of $9.22, up 89%, and free cash flow of $1.3 billion, up 53% year-over-year. Fourth quarter revenue was $1.3 billion, up 17% year-over-year as reported and 18% FX neutral. In addition, total contribution margin was 69%, up nearly 100 basis points versus the prior year. EBITDA was $307 million, up 25% year-over-year and up 26% FX neutral. Adjusted EPS was $2.99, up 88%. And free cash flow in the quarter was $214 million, down 10% against a very tough compare. Research revenue in the fourth quarter grew 17% year-over-year as reported and on an FX-neutral basis. We drove both strong retention and new business in the quarter. Fourth quarter Research contribution margin was 74%, up almost 180 basis points versus 2020. Higher than normal contribution margins reflect improved operational effectiveness, continued avoidance of travel expenses and lower than planned headcount. For the full year 2021, Research revenues increased by 14% on a reported basis and 12% FX-neutral. The gross contribution margin for the year was 74%, up more than 190 basis points from the prior year. Total contract value or total CV was $4.2 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, up 16% versus the prior year. CV growth outperformed our expectations throughout the year. Quarterly net contract value increase, or NCVI, was a very strong $266 million. Quarterly NCVI is a helpful way to measure contract value performance in the quarter even though there is notable seasonality in this metric. Looking at the quarterly NCVI across 2021, we generated more NCVI earlier in the year than we have historically. We also had a higher than normal level of NCVI earlier in the quarters than usual. Both of these timing factors contributed to strong subscription Research revenue in 2021. Total CV growth was led by the manufacturing, services and technology industries. Looking at the roles we serve, technology research, which is sold by our GTS team, accelerated to 14% growth. And all of our GBS practices achieved double-digit growth rates, with the majority growing more than 20% year-over-year. Growth in the fourth quarter was led by the supply chain, HR and sales practices. Global Technology Sales contract value was $3.4 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, up 14% versus the prior year. GTS had quarterly NCVI of $205 million in the quarter, while retention for GTS was 106% for the quarter, up almost 790 basis points year-over-year. GTS new business was up 17% versus last year. GTS quota-bearing headcount increased by over 80 salespeople sequentially to 3,072. We are seeing the positive effects of our investments to ramp up recruiting capacity combined with moderating attrition. We continue to be successful recruiting new sales people. We expect to see ongoing expansion of the GTS sales team into 2022 and beyond. For 2022, we are planning to grow GTS headcount at double-digit rates. A regular full set of GTS metrics can be found in the appendix of our earnings supplement. Global Business Sales contract value was $874 million at the end of the fourth quarter, up 24% year-over-year, which is above the high end of our medium term outlook of 12% to 16%. GBS CV increased $61 million from the third quarter. Wallet retention for GBS was 115% for the quarter, up about 14 percentage points year-over-year. GBS new business was up 16% compared to last year, reflecting strong growth across the full portfolio. GBS quota-bearing headcount increased sequentially and is up 10% year-over-year. For 2022, we are planning to increase GBS headcount at a double-digit growth rate. As with GTS, our regular full set of GBS metrics can be found in the appendix of our earnings supplement. Conferences revenue for the fourth quarter was $107 million with reported growth of 15% and 16% FX neutral. Contribution margin in the quarter was 61%. You will recall that in 2020, we ran almost all of our conferences in the fourth quarter, while in 2021, our conferences took place throughout the year. This, plus in-person conference cancellation costs recorded in the quarter resulted in a lower contribution margin year-over-year. We held 13 virtual conferences in the quarter. We held over 140 Evanta meetings, with a mix of both virtual and in-person experiences. For the full year 2021, revenue increased 78%, both on a reported and FX-neutral basis. Gross contribution margin was 62%, up more than 14 percentage points from 2020. During 2021, we incurred costs, which would have allowed us to run in-person destination conferences had pandemic conditions permitted. Fourth quarter Consulting revenues increased by 26% year-over-year to $118 million. On an FX-neutral basis, revenues were up 27%. Consulting contribution margin was 39% in the fourth quarter, up more than 12 percentage points versus the prior year quarter, with strong revenue and the mix benefit from contract optimization. Labor-based revenues were $87 million, up 19% versus Q4 of last year and up 21% on an FX-neutral basis. Backlog at December 31 was $117 million, increasing 13% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis after another strong bookings quarter. Our contract optimization business was up 44% on both a reported and FX-neutral basis versus the prior year. As we have detailed in the past, this part of the Consulting segment is highly variable. Full year Consulting revenue was up 11% on a reported basis and 9% on an FX-neutral basis. Gross contribution margin of 38% was up over 700 basis points from 2020. Consolidated cost of services increased 14% year-over-year in the fourth quarter, both on a reported and FX-neutral basis. The increase was in part due to higher compensation costs and conference expenses. SG&A increased 27% year-over-year in the fourth quarter on a reported and FX-neutral basis. SG&A increased in the quarter as a result of a $50 million non-recurring real estate charge, higher variable compensation resulting from strong sales and overall business performance, increased hiring across the company and conference cancellation costs. SG&A without the facilities-related charge would have increased 17% year-over-year and would have been 47% of revenue in the quarter. We expect SG&A expenses to increase over time as our hiring across the business continues to ramp. The real estate charge was a result of our decision to reduce our real estate footprint as we shift to a virtual-first workplace strategy. We expect about $20 million of annual benefit beginning in 2022 as a result of the charge. The non-recurring non-cash charge is excluded from EBITDA. We continue to evaluate our real estate portfolio, which may result in additional charges in the future. For the full year, cost of services increased 7% on a reported basis and 6% on an FX-neutral basis. SG&A increased 6% on a reported basis and 4% on an FX-neutral basis in 2021. EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $307 million, up 25% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 26% FX neutral. EBITDA for the full year was $1.29 billion, a 57% increase over 2020 on a reported basis and up 54% FX neutral. Depreciation in the quarter was about flat versus 2020. Net interest expense, excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter was $30 million, up $5 million versus the fourth quarter of 2020 due to an increase in total debt balances. The Q4 adjusted tax rate, which we used for the calculation of adjusted net income, was negative 8.3% for the quarter and included a benefit from the intercompany sale of intellectual property. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was 24.1% for the quarter. The adjusted tax rate for the full year was 18.1%. Adjusted EPS in Q4 was $2.99. This excludes non-recurring real estate charge. For the full year, adjusted EPS was $9.22. EPS growth for the year was 89%. The weighted average fully diluted share count for the fourth quarter was 83.8 million. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $235 million, down 10% compared to last year's quarter, which was very strong. On a year-over-year basis, the timing of cash taxes had a sizable impact. Cash flow in the quarter includes $17 million of insurance proceeds from 2020 event cancellations. CapEx for the quarter was $21 million, down 8% year-over-year. Lower CapEx is largely a function of lower real estate investments. Free cash flow for the quarter was $214 million. Free cash flow growth continues to be an important part of our business model with modest CapEx needs and upfront client payments. Free cash flow as a percent of revenue or free cash flow margin was 23% on a rolling four quarter basis, adjusted for the $167 million of insurance proceeds received during the year. Free cash flow was well in excess of both GAAP and adjusted net income. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had $756 million of cash. Our December 31 debt balance was $2.5 billion. Our reported gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA was under two times. Our expected free cash flow generation and excess cash remaining on the balance sheet provide ample liquidity to deliver on our capital allocation strategy of share repurchases and strategic tuck-in M&A. We repurchased around $1.7 billion in stock during 2021, including about $200 million in the fourth quarter. We repurchased over 7 million shares, reducing our net share count by around 7%. Earlier this month, the Board again increased our share repurchase authorization. We now have around $1 billion available. As we continue to repurchase shares, we expect our capital base will shrink. This is accretive to earnings per share and combined with growing profits, also delivers increasing returns on invested capital over time. Before providing the 2022 guidance details, I want to discuss our base level assumptions and planning philosophy for 2022. For Research, we continue to innovate and provide a very compelling value proposition for clients and prospects. Executives and their teams face uncertainty and challenges. They recognize how Gartner can help. We have demand in good times and bad. Our 2021 performance benefited from several factors, including GBH [ph] tenure mix, NCVI phasing within the quarters and the year, record retention rates and strong non-subscription growth. We're not assuming all of those persist at the same levels through 2022. We've taken a balanced approach based on historical trends and patterns, which we've reflected in the guidance. If NCVI phasing, retention rates and non-subscription growth performed closer to the way they did in 2021, there would be upside to our guidance. In addition, our teams are focused on driving growth faster than what's embedded in the guidance. For Conferences, we are basing our guidance on being 100% virtual for destination conferences for the full year. Destination conferences involve travel, often international and overnight stays for our clients, which can be affected by pandemic conditions and rules. As with 2021, we are operationally planning to re-launch in-person destination conferences when conditions permit. For our local one day Evanta events, we expect to run most of them in person while continuing to run some virtually. As a reminder, we had about $10 million of extra revenue in the first quarter of 2021 related to extending the period for 2020 conference ticket use. In addition, a smaller portion of Research contracts will be attributed to the Conferences segment in 2022. Adjusted for these two items, Conferences revenues would be increasing by about 10%. For consulting revenues, we have more visibility into the first half based on the composition of our backlog and pipeline as usual. Contract optimization is seasonally slower in the first quarter and remains highly variable. Our base level assumptions for consolidated expenses reflect significant headcount increases during the year to support current and future growth. We have modeled higher labor costs and T&E [ph] well above 2021 levels, as we've previously indicated. We will also have higher commissions costs during 2022 as a result of the very strong selling performance we delivered in 2021. Finally, we continue to invest in our tech, both client-facing and internal applications, as part of our innovation and continuous improvement programs. Our guidance for 2022 is as follows, we expect Research revenue of at least $4.55 billion, which is a reported growth of at least 11% and FX-neutral growth of at least 12%. We expect Conferences revenue of at least $200 million, which is down about 7%, but up about 10% adjusted for the items I mentioned earlier. We expect Consulting revenue of at least $425 million, which is up 2% reported and 3% FX neutral. The result is an outlook for consolidated revenue of at least $5.175 billion, which has reported growth of at least 9% and FX-neutral growth of 11%. Based on current foreign exchange rates and business mix, the consolidated growth includes an FX headwind of about 150 basis points. We expect full year EBITDA of at least $1.035 billion, which is a decline of about 20%. Based on our revenue and EBITDA guidance, we expect margins of 20%. This is based on Conferences running virtual only and also includes an FX headwind of about 150 basis points. We expect our full year 2022 adjusted net interest expense to be $115 million.  We expect an adjusted tax rate of around 22% for 2022. As a reminder, the tax rate can fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. Our EPS guidance is based on 83 million weighted average shares outstanding, which reflects repurchases to offset dilution of equity award issuances. We expect 2022 adjusted EPS of at least $6.74. For 2022, we expect free cash flow of at least $850 million. It is also important to note that we have re-valued our contract value at current year FX rates, which had a modest overall impact. Our 2021 ending contract value at 2022 FX rates is $3.3 billion for GTS and $865 million for GBS. Details are included in the appendix of the earnings supplement. All the details of our full year guidance are included on our Investor Relations site. Finally, we expect to deliver at least $285 million of EBITDA in Q1 of 2022. We had a strong year with momentum across the business. Contract value growth accelerated and we had very strong EBITDA, revenue and free cash flow. We have been increasing hiring across the business to drive future growth. We put our capital to work, repurchasing almost $1.7 billion worth of our stock this past year. Looking out over the medium term, our financial model and expectations are unchanged. With 12% to 16% research CV growth, we will deliver double-digit revenue growth. With gross margin expansion, sales costs growing in line with CV growth over time and G&A leverage, we can modestly expand margins from the normalized 2021 level. We can grow free cash flow at least as fast as EBITDA because of our modest CapEx needs and the benefits of our clients paying us upfront. And we'll continue to deploy our capital on share repurchases, which will lower the share count over time, and on strategic value-enhancing tuck-in M&A. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeff Meuler with Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Meuler: Yeah, thank you. Good morning. Would just love some additional perspective on kind of the delta between the constant currency Research growth you are assuming and the 16% contract value exit rate. And I want to recognize you have the at least methodology, you have the tougher comps. And then beyond that, I guess I just want to see - are there any signs of the demand environment slowing or any sort of slowing? Because your Q4 operational metrics all look really good to me exiting the year. Or is it all about those other factors, as well as the variance sectors that you're calling out on NCVI phasing, non-subs, tenure mix, all of those factors that you referenced?
Gene Hall: Hey, Jeff, it's Gene. I'll get started with the second part of your question, which is, in terms of demand, we're seeing what I would characterize as normal demand and it's consistent with Q4. So demand is very good overall. And I'll turn it over to Craig to answer the more technical aspects.
Craig Safian: Yes. Thanks, Gene. And good morning, Jeff, sure. So when you step back and look at the relationship between CV growth and revenue, obviously, in a steady-state environment, those two things are pretty close. But when we look at our last couple of years, in 2020, CV grew 4% but Research revenue - or actually, Research revenue in 2021 grew 13%. CV in 2021 grew 16%, and we're guiding to Research revenue growth of 12% FX neutral. Again, as I mentioned, in a typical steady-state environment, CV and the following year research growth rates will generally be similar, not necessarily right on top of each other but relatively similar. As we look at 2022, most but not all of our 2022 revenue dollars are driven by our year-end 2021 contract value dollars. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks and as you alluded to, 2021 did benefit from the tenure mix, the NCVI phasing, not only the quarterly NCVI phasing but the NCVI phasing within the months of the quarter. We had record retention rates. And we also mentioned really, really strong non-subscription growth. And so all those things worked in our favor to get a pretty strong revenue yield in fiscal year 2021. And we're not assuming all of those persist at the same levels that we saw in 2022. And so while CV growth in '21 was at the high end of our medium-term guidance, we're not assuming that we stay all the way at the top of that medium term guidance. And so essentially, what we've done is we've taken a balanced approach based on historical trends and patterns, and we've reflected that in the guidance. As we mentioned, our teams are focused on driving growth that's faster than what's embedded in the guidance. And as we also mentioned in our prepared remarks, if we do perform closer to those 2021 levels on retention rates, NCVI phasing, et cetera, there can potentially be upside to the initial guidance as well.
Jeff Meuler: Great. Appreciate all the detail. And then on margin, the assumed 20%, I guess, how normalized is that number as a baseline to grow off of? And I guess the factors that come to mind on the negative side would be is T&E expense assumed to be fully normalized. And GTS sales head count growth, I think, is probably assumed to be accelerating as the year unfolds. So is that fully normalized or an incremental headwind on the potential for uplift? Can you give us any perspective on if Conferences are in-person, what the incremental margins on that incremental revenue is since you've been planning to operationally have them and have that capacity in the expense base? Thank you.
Craig Safian: Yes. Sure, Jeff. That's actually three questions buried in one but I'll attempt to tackle them. In terms of the baseline margins or the normalized level of margins, the way to think about it for 2022 is a normalized level would be around 19% to 20%. And you mentioned a lot of the various puts and takes that lead into that range, T&E being one of them, facilities being one of them, the speed at which we can hire and bring people onboard being one of them. But think of normalized margins in the 19% to 20% range as being the baseline from a normalized level of what 2021 should look like. I think as we look to the future, there are really two key points as we think about that normalized level. One, we believe that moving forward, we can grow both the top line at double-digit growth rates and modestly expand margins over time. And number two, the 2021 reported margins are not the starting point. Again, the starting point should be that normalized level of 19% to 20%. On the Conferences side, we are being extraordinarily agile as we attempt to be ready to return to in-person destination conferences when conditions permit. As we think about the incremental revenue and the incremental flow-through on that, our current planning assumption is that because we want to change the experience a bit and have more space per person, if you will that the incremental margins will not be the same as they were pre pandemic. And so the way we are thinking about it right now is that incremental revenue for Conferences, if we're actually able to run in-person destination conferences, would be in the 20% to 25% range in 2022.
Jeff Meuler: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks so much. You touched on this a few times in the prepared remarks but just hoping for an update on recruiting capacity, talent pipeline and whether you've seen any impact on compensation for attracting talent. I know you talked about growing head count by double digits for both GTS and GBS. And just wondering if that contemplates that the hiring environment and attrition normalizes and if you've seen any normalization in like attrition, for example, so far. Or is it still really challenging to hire as many people as you'd like?
Gene Hall: Hey, Toni, it's Gene. So we are a people business. People are the most important thing in our business, period, and so we pay a lot of attention to it. And obviously, as a growth company, recruiting and turnover are really important as well. So we've been - throughout 2021, we grew our recruiting capacity so that we could get - make sure we can keep hiring associates to support our growth going forward. That's going very well. And in fact, we found that we have a very - this is purposeful. We have a very good value proposition in the market for candidates looking for jobs. And so our ability to hire is actually quite good. We're quite attractive, and we've been very pleased with our ability to hire. We're continuing to ramp up and we'll continue to ramp up recruiting capacity because we've got to both do catch-up hiring from last year for all the great business we sold and then also hire people so that we can support growth in 2023 as well. Our pipeline looks really good. Again, our actual recruiting results are doing quite well as well. In terms of compensation, we look very carefully at each of the markets we're in. We're in a number of - a large number of markets globally. Inflation and wage inflation varies widely among those markets. We have modeled that very carefully because we want to make sure we're competitive and have built that into our operating plan and the guidance you've seen.
Toni Kaplan: That's helpful. And I wanted to ask a follow-up on the margin phasing. So should we be thinking about it as the early part of the year has higher EBITDA margins because the hiring will ramp through the year and so the expense on that for the total pool sort of goes up as the year goes on? And I guess T&E can probably ramp up very, very quickly, but just help us think about how margins should look through the year?
Craig Safian: Yeah. Good morning, Toni. It's a great question. Yes, I think the way you described it is the right way to think about it. Obviously, we actually - to Gene's point, we hired a lot of people in the back half of the year, both in sales but also in research, in service and lots of other areas as well. But I do think that will continue to ramp over the course of the year, and I think T&E will continue to ramp over the course of the year as well. And so probably a little bit higher margin in the first couple of quarters and then moderating in the back half of the year to get to that full year number of around 20%.
Toni Kaplan: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
George Tong: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to dive a little bit deeper into the head count expectations for Research. Can you describe which between GTS and GBS you're expecting to grow head count faster in 2022 and then going forward, if you would expect to grow one of the two, GBS for example, faster in terms of head count than the other?
Gene Hall: Yes, George. So the head count is going to grow in line with our contract value growth over time. And so since GBS grew faster in 2021, in order to fulfill that - all the business we've sold, we're going to grow the head count a little faster in GBS than we would at GTS just purely because of the differential growth rates. And that will continue over time.
George Tong: Great. And then I had a follow-up question on the margins. You mentioned normalized margins for 2022 are going to be 19% to 20%. Would you view 19% to 20% as the new low watermark? Or do you -- are you viewing 20%, which is the guidance for 2022, as the new low watermark going forward, looking beyond this year?
Craig Safian: Yes. I would consider, George, 19% to 20% to be the level at which we modestly expand our margins on an annual basis moving forward. Again, as I mentioned earlier, our goal, and we believe this and we are aiming towards this, is that we want to grow the business top line double-digit growth rates, modestly expand margins over time. And again, that modest expansion will come off of that 19% to 20% baseline.
George Tong: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair. Your line is open.
Andrew Nicholas: Yeah, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. My first question would be just on the virtual-first approach and how hiring in that manner is affecting recruiting, your confidence in being able to hire at a double-digit pace in this labor market. And then to the extent it could be a potential offset to compensation pressures if you're able to kind of target salespeople in different areas that are potentially lower cost, is that part of the idea here? Just your thoughts on kind of virtual-first in the recruiting side.
Gene Hall: Hi, Andrew. So the virtual-first is a core part of our people strategy. In our talent market, we found that both our current associates as well as prospective associates like the idea of an environment where they can work remotely when it makes sense to work remotely but there's still a great office space where they can go work collaboratively as well. And so our virtual-first strategy is about having that mix where if you're -- for example, if you're a software engineer and you're writing code, you might just as well -- you're not really interacting with other people, you may be more effective actually working at a home office than in a normal office environment. Conversely, if you're working on sort of a product development team that's very collaborative and needs to be very agile and working together across multiple functions on a daily basis, you may work more in the office then. And so our virtual-first strategy is basically having kind of the best of both, which is things that make sense to do remotely, you can do remotely; things that make sense to do in the office where you collaborate or developing people, things like that, you actually do it in the office. We found that actually make -- in our industry and with our talent market, that's very attractive to, as I said, both our current associates and when we talk to prospective associates as well. And so in terms of hiring, that's been very effective. In terms of developing people, we've developed new approaches so that we can engage our associates and develop them in a remote environment. I'll also - on that point, even prior to pandemic, a large portion of our associates were remote as well. So all of our field salespeople were remote; many of our service people, remote. So this isn't new to us actually. We just have expanded it to be broader than it was pre pandemic. So we already had experience with it. In terms of -- so we're being very successful in hiring in that kind of environment and developing people. In terms of compensation, basically, we hire people that have the skills where we need them. And part of our strategy is to make sure we hire in attractive labor markets, but it's really more about what are the right skills to meet our clients. And that could be things -- include things like language skills. We try to serve all of our clients in their native languages, for example, with our service people and with our salespeople. And so we look at the mix of both the skills we need, the talent we need and the cost of hiring and balance all those things together to determine where we actually hire people.
Craig Safian: And Andrew, the one other thing I'd add is, over the back half of the year, we actually made a ton of progress in terms of starting to catch up and starting to make sure that we are hiring to the right levels that we need to support the business. And it's a combination of adding the recruiting capacity, which we talked about and which we've been doing and are getting yield from, and also seeing moderating attrition as well. So the combination of the increase in recruiting capacity and the moderating attrition allowed us to really start to make great progress in getting people onboard over the back half of the year.
Andrew Nicholas: Got it. Thank you. And then for my follow-up, just - and I apologize if I missed it. Could you speak to what's driving the NCVI phasing intra-quarter or that difference relative to prior periods, if you have any sense for what that is? Thank you.
Craig Safian: Yes. No, it's a really good question. So the dynamics we saw in 2021 were very different than what we had experienced pre pandemic, in the 10 years leading up to pre pandemic where we had seen pretty consistent NCVI contribution both month one, month two, month three in terms of that mix and then also Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4. And if you actually just look at even the headline results for 2021, you'll see that in particular Q2 and Q3 were stronger than the historical proportionality of overall annual NCVI. And I think there are a number of factors driving that, one being we were coming out of very pandemic-impacted year in 2020 and things started to get better from a market perspective as well. And so I think operating blinds [ph] just opened up. People had visibility into what was happening. And people had real problems and they knew Gartner could help, and so that certainly contributed to our ability to drive that NCVI phasing. And I think with -- operationally, our sales teams recognize that getting deals in the door sooner is great for everybody. Locking them up in an uncertain environment is always a better thing to do because you never know what can happen or what danger is lurking around the corner, as they say. And again, the teams did great work on making that happen. As we look at 2021 and we compare it to the decade previous, we didn't want to assume that all of a sudden, we were going to revert exactly to 2021 levels across the board. And so again, just balancing that historical perspective with what we experienced in 2021 is how we built the plan for 2022.
Andrew Nicholas: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Mario Cortellacci: Hi. This is Mario Cortellacci filling in for Hamzah. Maybe you can just start with how should we think about your market share in the GBS business today and in your verticals, obviously supply chain, marketing, finance, HR. And maybe you can compare that to where the market share sits today for the GTS business?
Gene Hall: Yeah, hi, Mario. So it's -- the way -- I guess the best way to think about it would be if you look at like the total amount of contract value or the total amount of seats in GTS versus in GBS. So in GTS, it's a business that's growing quite rapidly, growing double-digit rates and is much larger than each of the individual practices. In many cases, it's more than 10 times larger than the biggest practices in GBS, for example, HR or finance. And so the opportunity in GBS for each of those practices is to be as big -- HR, finance, sales, customer service, each of those practices has the potential to be as big as our IT end user business. So they can grow more than 10 times as big, each one of them. And so the growth opportunity there is just enormous. And so if you want to think about share in some way, it's extremely small compared to GTS, but still GTS, again, has a huge untapped market potential in and of itself. So the runway for each of the practices in GBS is enormous and is comparable to what we have at the end user side of GTS.
Craig Safian: And Mario, just to put it in sort of quantitative perspective as well, just to add to that. When we look at our available market opportunity, we see a roughly $55 billion market in the markets that we sell to in GTS. And we've got $3.2 billion, $3.3 billion of that. On the GBS side, we see a market opportunity of close to $145 billion, and we've got under $1 billion of it. So -- and again, as we think about these markets, it's not like we have to steal share of wallet from someone else. We view these as very large, untapped market opportunities for us to go after. And again, that's why we really do believe that we can grow this business at consistent double-digit growth rates into the future, add salespeople, et cetera, because of that -- the market dynamics and the size of the market opportunity.
Mario Cortellacci: Great. Thank you. And then just for my follow-up, within the Consulting business, maybe you can just talk to which verticals or businesses inside of that business have performed better than others. And could you update us on what the competitive dynamic looks like there today? I don't know whether you compete with Robert Half's Protiviti business or any of the other big fours there.
Gene Hall: Yes. So Mario, in our Consulting business, we're actually highly differentiated. The role of our Consulting business is -- the way to think about it is as an extension of our Research business in that there are some clients that want more in-depth and longer engagements with us than we have in our Research business. In Research, we have our written research and other kinds of tools and things. In addition to that, we have the ability to talk to an analyst typically for 0.5 hour at a time. Some companies, particularly large companies, would like more in-depth help from Gartner. And so that's the role of our Consulting business, and it's a very important role and supports our overall business. And so there's no - it's really - think about it as supporting our overall Research business and fulfilling that need for much more in-depth help than you would get from just reading our documents and having shorter calls with analysts.
Mario Cortellacci: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: There are no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Gene Hall for any closing remarks.
Gene Hall: So as you heard in today's call, we performed well in 2021. We also expect to deliver a strong performance in 2022. We have a compelling value proposition and a large untapped market opportunity. Over the longer term, we're well positioned to drive strong top line growth with modest margin expansion from our normalized 2021 levels. We generate significant free cash flow in excess of net income, and we'll deploy that cash flow to return capital to our shareholders through share repurchases and to make strategic tuck-in acquisitions. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.+

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Gartner 's Third Quarter 2021 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. [ Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your speaker today, David Cohen, JVP of Investor Relations, please go ahead.
David Cohen: Good morning, everyone. We appreciate your joining us today for Gartner's Third Quarter 2021 earnings call and hope you are well. With me on the call today are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer and Craig Safian, Chief Financial Officer. This call will include a discussion of Third Quarter 2021 financial results in Gartner's updated outlook for 2021.  As disclosed in today's earnings release and earnings supplement, both posted to our website, investor.gartner.com. Following comments by June Craig, we will open up the call for your questions. We ask that you limit your questions to 1 and a follow-up.  On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA for adjusted EBITDA with the adjustments as described in our earnings release and supplement. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX -neutral, unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the g artner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2021 foreign exchange rates, unless stated otherwise.  As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the Company's 2020 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now, I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Our growth increased again in the third quarter. We're performing well across the business. We delivered strong performances in contract value, revenue, EBITDA, and free cash flow. Total Company revenues were up 15% in Q3 with continued momentum across all three of our business segments. We also repurchased another $355 million in stock in the quarter. Bringing our year-to-date total through October to $1.6 billion and we're thriving in the current environment. Research continues to be our largest and most profitable segment. Our research segment provides actionable, objective insight to executives and their teams. Reserve leaders across all major enterprise functions in every industry around the world. Our market opportunity is vast across all sectors, sizes, and geographies. And we're delivering more value than ever. Everywhere around the world, our clients are facing more issues than ever before.  Challenging issues, things like the future of work, cybersecurity, carbon footprint, digital business, diversity, equity inclusion, Cloud and more. Our research is closely aligned to our client's priorities. We recently launched a new sustainability resource center that provides clients and prospects with actual insights on sustainable business strategy. Total research contract value growth increased to 14% with acceleration in both GTS and GBS driven by strong execution in both retention and new business. Global Technology Sales or GTS, returned to double-digit growth. GTS contract value growth accelerated to 12%. We expect GTS to deliver long-term, sustained double-digit contract value growth. Global Business Sales or GBS, delivered another outstanding quarter with contract value growth of 22%. All practices across GBS drove double-digit contract value growth. Across our entire research business, we're driving consistent execution of proven practices. And we continue to see the results of our efforts. Our conferences business also continues to deliver excellent performance. In 2020, we developed an entirely new conferences business model. This model leverages virtual conferences to deliver extraordinarily valuable insights to our audiences. We delivered a strong performance in conferences.  For the third quarter of 2021, conferences revenues were $24 billion. Total attendee numbers were up in Q3, as we are increasing our reach through our valuable content. There's a large constituency of our clients and prospects who prefer in-person conferences.  We've recently held some in-person event in advance which were very well received. As conditions continue to stabilize, we are operationally prepared to return to in-person conferences where and when we can. We'll continue to leverage our profitable virtual conferences as appropriate. Carter Consulting is an extension of Gartner research. Consulting helps clients execute their most strategic initiatives through deeper, extended project-based work. Consulting is an important complement to our IT research business.  Consulting revenues grew 6% in Q3. So overall, we're performing really well as a Company. We're thriving in our current environments. We're able to serve our clients and sell the prospects very effectively in a virtual environment. Most of our associates appreciate working virtually. They would like some in-person interactions with their colleagues when that's the best way to engage with each other and get work done. We've created an operating model that supports virtual and in-person interactions. And these gives our associates flexibility, while promoting activities to drive associate engagement. We've also ramped up our recruiting function to support long-term sustained double-digit growth. We're seeing great success in hiring during one of the toughest labor markets ever. Finally, we're taking steps to make the associate experience at Gartner even better.  We're a growth Company. We're focused on ensuring our associates have clear and compelling career paths. We're helping our managers and leaders have powerful career development conversations with their teams. We continue to improve on our proven practices and we're innovating processes and technology to streamline operations. In closing, Gartner delivered another strong performance in Q3. We're performing well across all 3 of our business segments. We delivered strong performances in contract value, revenue, EBITDA, and free cash flow. And we repurchased another $355 million of stock in the quarter. We continue to get better, faster, stronger as a Company. Gartner is a great place to be for our associates. We deliver extraordinary value to our current clients. We provide outstanding returns for our shareholders. And we're thriving in the current environment. With that, I will hand the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. Craig?
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene. And good morning. Third quarter results were again excellent with acceleration in contract value growth and strength in revenue, EBITDA, and free cash flow. We are increasing our 2021 guidance to reflect our strong Q3 performance. Third quarter revenue was $1.2 billion of 16% year-over-year as reported, and 15% FX-neutral.  In addition, total contribution margin was 69% up more than 200 basis points versus the prior year. EBITDA was $305 million up 82% year-over-year and up 80% FX-neutral. Adjusted EPS was $2.03 and free cash flow in the quarter was $331 million. Research revenue in the third quarter grew 16% year-over-year as reported and 15% on an FX-neutral basis. We drove both strong retention and new business in the quarter. Third-quarter Research contribution margin was 74%, up over 200 basis points versus 2020. Higher-than-normal contribution margins reflect improved operational effectiveness, continued avoidance of travel expenses, and lower than planned headcount. Total contract value grew 14% FX-neutral year-over-year to $4 billion at September 30th. Quarterly Net Contract Value Increase or NCVI was a very strong $146 million. Quarterly NCVI is a helpful way to measure contract value performance in the quarter, even though there is notable seasonality in this metric.  Global Technology Sales contract value was $3.2 billion at the end of the third quarter, up almost 12% versus the prior year. GTS CV increased $102 million from the second quarter. CV growth was led by the technology, manufacturing, and retail industries. While retention for GTS was 104% for the quarter, up 490 basis points year-over-year. GTS new business was up 25% versus last year with strong growth in new logos and expansion with existing client enterprises. GTS quota-bearing headcount increased from the second quarter.  We are beginning to see the positive effects of our investments to ramp up recruiting capacity. We continue to be successful recruiting new salespeople. Turnover among GTS front-line sellers is stable at the modestly elevated range we saw in the second quarter. With increased recruiting capacity and stable turnover, we expect to see continued expansion of the GTS sales team in Q4 and into 2022 and beyond. Our regular full set of metrics can be found in our earnings supplement. Global business sales contract value was $814 million at the end of the third quarter, up 22% year-over-year, which is above the high-end of our medium-term outlook of 12% to 16%. GBS CV increased $43 million from the second quarter. Broad-based CV growth included particular strength in the healthcare, technology and services industries.  All of our GBS practices achieved double-digit growth rates with the majority growing more than 20% year-over-year. Growth in the third quarter was led by the supply chain, HR, and sales practices. While retention for GBS was 113% for the quarter, up more than 14% points year-over-year. GBS new business was up 38% compared to last year, reflecting strong growth across the full portfolio. GBS quota-bearing headcount increased sequentially and is up 8% year-over-year. As with GTS, our regular full set of GTS metrics can be found in our earnings supplement. Conferences revenue for the third quarter was $24 million with reported growth of 92% and 93% FX-neutral. Contribution margin in the quarter was 47%. We held 8 virtual conferences in the quarter. We also held a number of virtual and the meetings. We were able to reintroduce in-person event and meetings in the quarter and plan to ramp those up in Q4. Attendance is up significantly year-over-year as we've launched more virtual conferences to cover additional roles. Third quarter consulting revenues increased by 6% year-over-year to $95 million, on an FX-neutral basis, revenues were also up 6%. Consulting contribution margin was 33% in third quarter, up more than 110 basis points versus the prior-year quarter. Labor-based revenues were $78 million, up 5% versus Q3 of last year, and up 4% on an FX-neutral basis. Labor-based billable headcount of 749 was up 2%, utilization was 62% up more than 130 basis points year-over-year. Backlog at September 30th was $126 million, increasing 27% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis after another strong bookings quarter.  Our contract optimization business was up 13% on a reported basis versus the prior-year quarter and up 12% FX-neutral. As we've detailed in the past, this part of the consulting segment is highly valuable. Consolidated cost of services increased 9% year-over-year and 8% FX-neutral in the third quarter. SG&A decreased 2% year-over-year and 3% FX during the third quarter. The year-over-year decline is largely related to the timing of certain prior-year expenses.  We expect SG&A expenses to increase over time as our hiring across the business continues to ramp. Total operating expenses were lower than planned because conferences continued to be virtual. We are resuming business travel and reopening offices at a very deliberate pace. And we're still ramping up or net growth hiring to our target levels. EBITDA for the third quarter was $305 million, up 82% year-over-year on a reported basis, and up 80% FX-neutral. Third quarter EBITDA again, reflected revenue above the high-end and cost towards the low-end of our expectations. Depreciation in the quarter was up about $3 million versus 2020, reflecting real estate and software which went into service since the third quarter of last year. Net interest expense, excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter, was $30 million, up slightly versus the third quarter of 2020 due to an increase in total debt balances.  The Q3 adjusted tax rate, which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income, was 25.2% for the quarter. The tax rate for the items used to adjust that income was 25.4% in the quarter. Adjusted EPS in Q3 was $2.03. Weighted average fully diluted share count for the 3rd quarter was 84.8 million shares. We exited the quarter with 84.2 million fully diluted shares. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $345 million up 41% compared to last year. Cash flow strength continues to be driven by EBITDA growth and improved collections. Capex for the quarter was $14 million down 5% year-over-year. Lower capex is largely a function of lower real estate investments. Free cash flow for the quarter was $331 million.  Free cash flow growth continues to be an important part of our business model with modest capital expense through needs and upfront client payments. Free cash flow as a percent of revenue or free cash flow margin was 25% on a rolling four-quarter basis, adjusted for the $150 million of insurance proceeds received in the second quarter. Free cash flow was well in excess of both GAAP and adjusted net income. At the end of the third quarter, we had $766 million of cash. Our September 30th debt balance was $2.5 billion. Our reported gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA was about 2 times. Our expected free cash flow generation and excess cash remaining on the balance sheet provide ample liquidity to deliver on our capital allocation strategy, of share of repurchases, and strategic tuck-in M&A.  Through the end of October, we have repurchased more than $1.6 billion in stock this year, including $355 million during the third quarter. Year-to-date, we have repurchased over 7 million shares, reducing our net share count by around 7%. As of November 1st, we have around $600 million remaining on our repurchase authorization, which we expect the board will refresh as needed. As we continue to repurchase shares, we expect our capital base will shrink. This is accretive to earnings per share and combined with growing profits also delivers increasing returns on invested capital over time. We are updating our full-year guidance to reflect Q3 performance and an improved and increased outlook for the remainder of the year. For revenue guidance, we now expect Research revenue of at least $4.07 billion, which is growth of 13%. We now expect Conferences revenue of at least $190 million, which is growth of 58%. We still expect Consulting revenue of at least $400 million, which is growth of 6%.  The result is an outlook for consolidated revenue of at least $4.66 billion, which is growth of 14%. Based on current foreign exchange rates and business mix, the consolidated growth includes an FX -benefit of about 190 basis points. This reflects modest headwinds from FX in the fourth quarter. For expenses we are investing in expanding our recruiting capacity to drive additional hiring across the entire business, including our sales teams. The additional hiring will continue into 2022 and beyond to support current and future growth. We plan to exit the year with quota-bearing headcount about flat for GTS. We expect low double-digit growth for GBS by the end of 2021.  Additionally, we continue to invest in a number of programs with a focus on improving sales productivity and cost effectiveness. We're also incurring some conference cancellation fees in the fourth quarter and during the process of reopening dozens of offices as well. We now expect full-year adjusted EBITDA of at least $1.6 billion, which is an increase of about 54% versus 2020 and reflects reported margins of 27%.  Consistent with our comments last quarter, we estimate that normalized 2021 margins would be around 19%, if this had been a more typical year. About 2/3 of the adjustments are headcount related with most of the rest from travel and real estate. We expect our full-year 2021 adjusted net interest expense to be $113 million. Looking out to 2022 as the balance sheet stands today, we expect interest expense to be around $115 million.  We expect an adjusted tax rate of around 22% for 2021. We now expect 2021 adjusted EPS of at least $8.54. For 2021, we now expect free cash flow of at least $1.2 to $5 billion. This includes the $150 million of insurance proceeds received in the second quarter this year. All the details of our full-year guidance are included on our Investor Relations site. We had a strong 3rd quarter with momentum across the business. Contract value growth accelerated, and we had very strong revenue, EBITDA, and free cash flow in the quarter. We've put our capital to work, repurchasing more than $1.6 billion worth of our stock this year through the end of October. And we've updated our guidance to reflect continuing strength and momentum in the business. Looking out over the medium-term, our financial model and expectations are unchanged.  With 12% to 16% research CV growth, we will deliver double-digit revenue growth. With gross margin expansion, sales cost growing in line with CV growth over time, and G&A leverage, we can modestly expand margins from a normalized 2021 level of around 19%. We can grow free cash flow at least as fast as EBITDA because of our modest capex needs and the benefits of our clients paying us upfront. And we'll continue to deploy our capital on share repurchases, which lower the share count over time and strategic value-enhancing tuck-in M&A. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the Operator and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jeff Mueller with Baird. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Meuler: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. So great to see sales headcount back to growth and fully hear you on the investments you're making in recruiting capacity and the payback you're seeing on that. I guess my question is, at what point does the sales headcount growth in GTS need to step up meaningfully, or how much capacity is remaining in the system where you can continue to drive this type of growth? Just -- like is it quarters? Is there -- just trying to understand how much leeway you have before you really need to hit the gas on sales headcount.
Gene Hall: Hey, Jeff. Gene. So first, the -- we do have a lot of headcounts and 1 of the leverage that we used for growth, but it's not the only lever. We also early are very focused on productivity and we believe there's quite a bit of room for productivity improvements going forward. In parallel with that, as I mentioned on the call and Craig did as well. We have initiatives underway to ramp up our recruiting capacity and output and refining actually we have a great value proposition, is very attractive markets. And so we're quite optimistic about our ability to ramp up hiring as we need to leverage productivity anytime.
Jeffrey Meuler: Okay. And then can you help me with some of the GTS metrics? It looks like most of the growth is coming from client enterprise growth, CV per enterprise flattish, despite having a 104% wallet retention. So I don't know to what extent there's sales head count mix impact -- if there is post-COVID win back -- just help me understand what's going on and is it a good thing that most of the growth is coming from client enterprises, given that you can expand after you land.
Craig Safian: Good morning, Jeff. I think there's a couple of ways to look at what's happening under the covers. I think number 1, seeing the pickup in world attention is certainly a very positive trend which we anticipated. And as we've looked at the amount of up sell and expansion that we're driving within existing client enterprises, we're back to normal levels. While our retention is strongest, not quite back to historical levels, but we feel really good about the level of expansion we're driving within existing enterprises.  Again, some of that is when back, some of that is organic growth activities within existing enterprises. But while it is pretty strong, I think on the enterprise account, enterprise growth, we've seen now few quarters, enterprises expanding. And as you'd expect, when a new enterprise comes in, it comes in at a lower CV level than our overall average. And so the net enterprise adds that we've been doing will suppress a little bit or mute a little bit the CV for Enterprise that you see. And what you are seeing actually is both levers working really well for the last several quarters, particularly in the third quarter, with that expansion, with the existing enterprises showing up in a low retention number and the number of enterprises growing nicely as well.
Jeffrey Meuler: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gary Bisbee with Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Gary Bisbee: Hey, good morning, guys. I guess if I go back to GTS headcount, what's really kept you from bringing that back more quickly? I know last quarter you talked about having to ramp up recruiting capacity to deliver on that but how much is the tight labor market impacting the pace at which you bring people back and what's the risk in the next 6 months that you continue to have, sort of sluggish additions? How do we think about that? And when would that impact revenue growth in the segment if you don't get that up towards high-single-digits or wherever you're targeting? Thank you.
Gene Hall: Hey, Gary. A couple of things going on with GTS headcount. First, it is a highly competitive labor market and sort of the turnover is up modestly. And of course they're within the modestly higher turnover. Their pockets are hired to modest turnover, but overall it's modestly up. And we recognize that and we have a number of programs in place which we think will actually address that. We have a very good -- and we have a very strong employee value proposition. In fact, we don't have any trouble recruiting people into the Company.  And so the combination of continuing to strengthen our employee value proposition, we believe will get churn of this modest, high turnover back to normal levels in an [Indiscernible] that we are rapidly ramping up are recruiting capacity as I mentioned. We had just started ramping up recruiting capacity back in May, but obviously what happens is you start -- you've got to hire recruiters. It takes a while to actually get them on the job, and then just like any other job, it takes recruiters some time to get up to full capacity.  And so when we started ramping up recruiting capacity back in May, it takes a little time before that definitely kicks in. As Craig mentioned on the script, on his prepared remarks. We're already seeing that we're back to kind of the levels of hiring that we were back in 2019. Again, we expect that to continue to go up. So we expect a combination of improved employee turnover from the programs we have in place, combined with higher recruiting capacity to really address this issue.
Gary Bisbee: Okay. That's helpful. And then on GBS, outstanding productivity there, I guess on the back of outstanding new business over the last four quarters or five quarters now. How should we think about productivity? And I'm not asking Q4 or even next year like over the next few years, the LTM right now is way ahead of what, it's ever been in GTS, I guess one could argue you've got multiple franchises that you're selling there, and so it could be higher. But there's also a lot of factors have improved. Would it be reasonable to think that it gravitates back towards where GTS has been historically, or do you believe you can keep this level of productivity or at least higher just because of the number of shots on goal you've got with the different practice areas are selling? Thank you.
Gene Hall: In GTS, like GBS have a great value proposition. We provide actual insights to our clients on their toughest issues. So we start -- I think what we start with is we have a really great high proposition. As we talked about, we invested in making sure we had the content, sales training, a number of experts, etc. over the last really 2 or 3 years to make sure that we had all the pieces in place to have to be able deliver that incredible value proposition. And now we're seeing the benefits of that. We're going to continue to keep investing in those areas and so I'd expect our value proposition which is very strong. And also get our ability to execute on sales will continue to be very strong as well.
Craig Safian: The other thing I know carriers in that net productivity number you're seeing it's as you called out. Really strong new business growth, but we've also seen meaningful improvements in the retention rates. And that obviously flows through to the NCVI per quota-bearing head as well. So it underscores [Indiscernible] points around the value proposition being super strong. So not only are we getting lots of shots on goal, as you say across the franchises, we're going those levels. I guess if I said the metaphor and keeping those seat holders in the franchise with stronger retention rates.
Gary Bisbee: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Toni Kaplan: Thank you. Actually, just want to ask a follow-up on the last topic. So on GBS, you mentioned how you're seeing growth driven by supply chain and HR and sales practices. No surprise there. Those have been the topics really impacting many companies right now. Are these really new clients subscriptions or add - ons from existing clients for the most part and do you view any of that as temporary, so like, if supply issues are the -- like supply chain issues are doing, for example, would those clients still stay on or could you see a little bit of a higher turnover of those clients?
Craig Safian: Good morning, Toni. It's Craig. I think across all the GBS practices, as we mentioned, all of them are at double-digit growth rates on a year-over-year basis in the third quarter and more than half of them are north of 20% year-over-year growth. So we highlighted the top 3 which are performing really strongly, but that's not -- those aren't the only ones that are even north of 20% and again, to underscore the point, all of them are at double-digit growth rates. I think what we're seeing, and you can see this through a combination of metrics is we are selling a lot of new functions within existing enterprises.  Which is why you've seen a wild retention rate move up as nicely as it has. And so just because the client is purchasing supply chain subscription, selling into their finance team or their HR team with our legal team is a brand new sale for us. And we're doing really, really well there and in addition to you bringing on brand new enterprises into the GBS franchise as well. It's a combination of those two factors really driving that GBS growth. On cyclical versus secular. I think I go back to James' points earlier. We have a really, really strong value proposition in each of these functional areas that we are selling into. We've invested a lot over the last several years to make sure that we've got the right content and the right analysts and advisors, and the right service capacity in the right selling capacity. And so we feel good about each of these opportunities. Again, if you scan back, I mean these are enormous market opportunities for us and we're in the really, really, really innings on going after that market opportunity.
Toni Kaplan: That's great. Wanted to ask about the pace of expenses returning things the way that I'm sort of thinking about it is. You have T&E and hiring that are going to make up probably some of the bigger buckets of returning costs and I know you talked about hiring a lot, so I'll skip that one, but just on T&E, I guess. How far back are you at this point versus what is fully back and versus pre - COVID? Like is the level sort of lower? And maybe the easier way to ask it is you talked about the 19% baseline for adjusted EBITDA margin this year. So modest growth off of that next year, is that how we should be thinking about '22 or could you see costs more gradually come back and we sort of are stuck in a situation like -- we had this year where you're a little bit over earning on the margin next year.
Craig Safian: I think that's a great question. A couple ways to think about it. So one, the biggest bucket by far is headcount related. And as we talked about, we are making progress there. We've increased recruiting capacity as Gene talked about, we're growing both sales forces now sequentially and we intend to do that not only with sales, but across the rest of the Company as needed as well. That is by far the biggest piece of it I think as I mentioned. I've prepared remarks about two-thirds of the quote and quote normalizing adjustments relate to headcount.  On the travel front, we are still almost at zero. And so there is still a long way to bounce back from that. When we were sitting here in May, we thought, second half of the year, it would start to bounce back. When we were sitting here in August, we saw in the fourth quarter, it would bounce back. It is reopening a little bit, but we are still at a tiny fraction of where we were historically. And as we roll into 2022, we do think it will rebound to reset at a new normal level. Will that be all the way back to 2019? Perhaps not. Perhaps there are things we can do a little more efficiently and effectively, but it's still going to be a pretty significant step-up from what we spent in 2021, which is virtually nothing, back to a new normal level in 2022.
Toni Kaplan: Super helpful, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
George Tong: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to stay on GBS productivity. GBS and CPI, a $176,000 really come significantly above what we're seeing in GBS even before COVID and you mentioned strong new business growth, and an improved retention is drivers. Were there any unusual tailwinds to put activity or seasonality factors to consider in the quarter? How sustainable are current levels of productivity?
Gene Hall: Good morning, George. Productivity, it is an [Indiscernible] measure and so we're trying to even out or take out seasonality from the measure. There are some structural differences that we've talked about in the past -- in looking at GBS compared to GTS. And again, based on where we are in the journey on these two businesses. And so on GBS side, because we are, as I mentioned earlier in the really early innings of going after this really enormous market opportunity. We have a racer mix of what we call business developers or hunters whose sole job is to go out and find new business. And they're performing really, really well, and have been.  And we've been building to that. It wasn't just a 1 quarter phenomenon, let's say, several quarter multi-year phenomenon that we've been experiencing there. And so again, they are performing really well, the retention levels are helping a lot on the types of quota-bearing hires or AEs that managed CV and drive growth through expansion. So it's really a combination of those 2 things. As we look at the future, is this the right level to think about?  We will see, I mean, there is -- we do believe there was a little bit of pent-up demand out there in the market coming through the pandemic last year. But we feel like we're in a really good place with GBS achieving strong growth rates. And again, through a combination of really strong new business and improving retention rates as well.
George Tong: That's helpful. You mentioned normalized EBITDA margins are running at 19% and this is a little bit improved from previously, it was running at 18% to 19%. Can you discuss where in the business you're seeing improved cost profiles.
Gene Hall: Yes, George, it's actually a combination of improved spread revenue outlook and performance and some improved cost profiles as well, is really driving both the modest adjustment from 18% to 19% to where we are now which is around 19%. But I guess, generally, the way to think about a normalized margin of around 19% is, it is how our P&L would look at a more typical year with sales headcount growing a few points lower than CV, offices opened for the full year, normal travel levels as we just discussed on Toni question, and growth investment to support all the growth that we're driving across the business. And so a modest change. But again, I'd say a combination of the revenue performing a little bit better than expected as we've talked about each quarter. And some tightening or more efficiency on the cost side as well.
George Tong: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair. Your line is open.
Andrew Nicholas: Hi, good morning. And thank you for taking my questions. I'll start with conferences. I realized that you are only in the early stages of reintroducing in-person conferences and events. But I'm wondering if you have an updated view on the long-term mix of conferences between in-person and virtual particularly as we start to plan for 2022. And then given even more experience today than the past couple of quarters with the virtual format, whether you have any additional clarity on the profitability of that model, the hybrid model, longer-term relative to pre -pandemic levels.
Gene Hall: Hey, Andrew, great question. Conferences are important part of our business. And we have -- with the pandemic, developed quite good virtual conferences that have a lot of value to our clients and our [Indiscernible] received. Having said that, a lot of our clients want to, in particular, used to go to in-person conference, as we do our customer research, there is strong interest and desire for us to provide them with in-person conferences as well. So the look of future, right now, the way we are thinking is we would -- whether it is safe to do so that allowed in each geographic area range for environment.  We will -- we plan to hold in-person conferences because it does provide tremendous value to our clients. And having said that, we also plan to continue with virtual conferences for those clients that either don't want to travel or can't travel, given when we have our in-person conferences. And so our long-term strategy, our long-term plan is to have a mix of both in-person conferences and virtual conferences. Going back to kind of the great success we had with the in-person ones combined with what we learned in the pandemic for the virtual conferences.
Andrew Nicholas: Got it. Thank you. Is there anything you can say about the profitability differences between those 2 or what the profitability of that hybrid model looks like?
Gene Hall: You know Andrew, it's hard to say now. Just we've been operating a little bit in between the 2 models as we've -- as you know we were preparing to run a portion of our conferences this year in-person. And so we add staff onboard to be able to do that. And then obviously, we had to cancel those in-person conferences in the fourth quarter and relaunched our virtual -- And so again, I think the way we think about it is, the contribution margin will look similar to the way it looked pre -pandemic for the overall conferences business.  I do think and again, we'll provide guidance on 25 in February. We're working through our operational plans now. But we -- and again, we've talked about this in the past, we are not going to be in a position to relaunch the 70 inverse definition conferences that we had in 2019, run them at the exact same profile economic and otherwise in 2022 it's going to takes some time to build back into those. And so again, as we think about it, the combined operating margin for conferences looks pretty similar to the way it looks a lot prior to the pandemic, as it stands right now.
Andrew Nicholas: That's really helpful. Thank you. And then for my follow-up, it looks like it looking at the Q that United States and Canada are growing a little bit faster than EMEA and the rest of the international business. Although it's certainly a small gap. Just wondering if you could speak to the different market dynamics in the U.S. versus internationally. And if there's anything specific, whether it's the selling motion or the receptiveness to the new products that you would call out between those regions. Thank you.
Gene Hall: So let me start on that, Andrew. So the first thing is GBS is largely weighted to the U.S. And so most of the GBS growth just because of it is much less mature outside U.S., even in the U.S., it's going to be we're heavily U.S. weighted. It's going well outside the U.S. as well but it's just a share of business, our share of salespeople are overwhelming U.S. Over time, just as we've done GTS, we expect to have our international markets and GBS be just strongly staff as we have GTS today. As we keep debt and salespeople over time. And so that's one of the factors to drives the U.S. markets. In terms of actual our value proposition is very strong in the U.S., is very strong in Europe, very strong in Asia. And so it's equally effective there.  Sometimes the mix of industries affects particular geography or particular market where one set of industries might not be doing as well and so it's a little tougher selling apartment. But again, overall, our [Indiscernible] crops are strong at all those markets, and it's more specific things like that that would have impacted it. And as I said that our mix of sales people, particularly in the GBS.
Andrew Nicholas: Great, thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Silber: Thanks so much. Just a couple of follow-up questions. First, going back to the whole issue about labor supply, I'm just wondering what the Impact of these tight labor markets has been on wage inflation, both for the sales force and for your associates broadly without -- throughout the Company? Hi, Jeff. Good morning. With labor markets as you've identified, everyone has been dealing with -- yes, we've seen a little bit of wage inflation. It's totally within a manageable level as what we've basically seen. But there has been some wage inflation both from -- as we look at externally and also as we want to make sure that we are retaining our associates as well. But all within manageable levels at this point.
Gene Hall: What we found is the biggest issue is that we have a lot of associates and they are big pockets, where we didn't realize we might not a great couple of competitive. And now, we know we were competitive in those pockets. And so I think that's been the biggest source of, what you might call, wage inflation.
Jeffrey Silber: Okay. That's helpful. And then shifting over to Conferences, I know there's a lot of the issues in deciding whether to hold a conference remotely or hold it live. But I'm just curious and I know this may vary across your major conferences. How much lead time is needed if you decide to go -- you're going to hold it remote and then decided to go live. How quickly can you ramp that up?
Gene Hall: So if we were planning to be virtual, which in July takes a long time because you got to reserve venues. You have to sell exhibitors, things like that. It's easier to go the other way around, meaning, a plan for live and go virtual. Because you have all the pieces in place already. And so typically, like we, as you know, this year, we plan to go live for some of our conferences and then to conclude it, it was not either allowed or was not safe to do so. And so we didn't. But it's easier that way once you have an in-person conference, plans go virtual because you don't have to worry about the venue and things like that. If you have a reserve, those venues, trying to get them at the right time and then, etc., is pretty tough to do.
Jeffrey Silber: Okay. So we're talking months. I wouldn't say years but if you decide to do something for next year, you would have to start looking at it right now.
Gene Hall: So the -- yes, basically, it can take months -- it can take years because if you sort of those proper venues, get booked up literally a couple of years in advance. And so if you're trying to book, it's departure venue, trying to book at the last second can be very tough. So yes, the planning actually can take years.
Jeffrey Silber: Okay. Makes sense. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Your line is open.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Gene, you talked about beefing up the recruiting efforts and making changes. I'm just curious, you guys were always good on that front. Just curious. What needs to change in the new, I guess hybrid world I suppose?
Gene Hall: Hey, Manav. Good question. One of the things in the Hybrid world we need to focus on, and we always focus on this to a degree, but we have to talk about it typically, which is our employee value proposition. And why should associate want to come work in Gartner? The talent market we compete in is a very, very competitive market. We're very attractive employer. We have to make sure that our candidates understand that and understand what's different in a virtual environment. It might have been when it was up to your office station environments. That's kind of the key change.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. Got it. And just curious on, you've done one I guess [Indiscernible] deal this year. That sounds like things are going well across the front, balance sheet is healthy. Just curious if M and E is something we should see higher up on the agenda or just more of the same?
Craig Safian: Yeah. Good morning Manav. I'd say, again, our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged. We're focused on returning capital to shareholders through our buyback programs, which you guys, you've seen, we've been very aggressive with over the course of this year and then also hunting out on strategic value enhancing tuck-in M&A. The priority -- 1 A and 1 B from a priority perspective, we continue to scour the market for assets that makes sense for us. We are an organic grower, we don't need to do M&A to support our medium-term objectives. And so we can be very, very, very disciplined on the M&A front. We'll remain very disciplined on that front.
Manav Patnaik: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from [Indiscernible] with Jefferies, your line is open.
Mario Cortellacci: Hi. This is Mario Cortellacci filling in for [Indiscernible]. First question is just around conversion rate and just could you help us maybe think about how we should think about the conversion rate and research business from those in-person conferences versus virtual. As you get more back to the in-person conferences, should we expect a larger uplift in that conversion and even better growth in research?
Gene Hall: Hey, Mario. Good morning. As you highlight, your Conferences are an important piece of overall portfolio, and really support our research business in a variety of ways. One of those is in getting prospects there and having that experience. Gartner. Gartner. Gartner inside. And then converting them. We also, obviously, have the benefit of engagement with existing clients and so there is positive benefit on retention as well. When we did pivot to virtual, we were very focused on making sure that we maintain those levels of engagement both in terms of engaging and existing seat holders to,
Craig Safian: to help with retention rates and also getting lots of prospects. Through so, we've been very focused on the fourth quarter of last year when we really ran our virtual conference portfolio and RS. And we did really good job on both fronts. And we're seeing the benefit of that from a retention rate perspective. This year it's certainly helping and it's also a big contributing nicely to our overall new business growth rates on research as well.  And as we roll forward, Gene talked about it in this sort of hybrid world of running in-person where we can and where it is safe to do so. We're going to take advantage of that from a research perspective. And when we run virtual, we intend to make sure we get the benefits of that on the research side as well. Whatever format we run in, it's a great business but it's, it's really an extension of our research business and that's why we will continue to run it, whether it's in-person or virtual.
Mario Cortellacci: Got it. And then in terms of consulting, can you just talk about what practices are faring better than others? And maybe you can update us on which verticals or adjacencies that you may be underpenetrated in?
Craig Safian: Yes, Mario. On the consulting side, we've continued to have irrelatively strong performance there. We're seeing obviously a lot of work with are the major trends in technology, digital transformation, Cloud optimization, cybersecurity, things of those nature, those are really the big ones for us. As you know, we tend to focus our Consulting business on our largest, most complex clients.  And they have those issues in earnest that do -- a lot of our other sized clients as well. But we've seen really good performance for all the -- geographically and spread nicely across those couple of areas. And I would throw in strategic sourcing and cost optimization and into that Consulting mix as well. That is a strong practice for us.
Mario Cortellacci: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back to Gene Hall for closing remarks.
Gene Hall: As you've heard us say in this call, we once again delivered strong performances in Q3. And we performed well across all three of our businesses, research, consulting, and conferences. Delivered strong performances in contract value, revenue, EBITDA, and free cash flow. And we repurchased another $355 million of stock in the quarter. We continued to get better, faster, and strong as a Company. Gartner is a great place for associates. We provide outstanding returns for our shareholders and we're thriving in the current environment. Thanks for joining us today and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-03 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Gartners Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the call over to David Cohen, Gartner's GVP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Cohen: Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for Gartners second quarter 2021 earnings call and hope you are well. With me on the call today are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Chief Financial Officer. This call will include a discussion of second quarter 2021 financial results and Gartners updated outlook for 2021 as disclosed in todays earnings release and earnings supplement, both posted to our website, investor.gartner.com. Following comments by Gene and Craig, we will open up the call for your questions. We ask that you limit your questions to one and a follow-up. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, with the adjustments as described in our earnings release. All growth rates in Genes comments are FX-neutral unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2021 foreign exchange rates unless stated otherwise. As set forth in more detail in todays earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the companys 2020 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now, I will turn the call over to Gartners Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Gartner's positive momentum continued in the second quarter of 2021. We again delivered strong results across contract value, revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow. We significantly increased the pace of our buybacks.  Total company revenues were up 16% with strength in all three business segments and research exceeding our expectations. We continue to see growth opportunities across industries, geographies, and every size enterprise. Research is our largest and most profitable segment. Our research segment serves executives and their teams across all major enterprise functions in every industry around the world. Our market opportunity is fast across all sectors, sizes and geographies. Total contract value growth increased to 11% with both GTS and GBS accelerating in the quarter. This was driven by strength in both retention and new business. Global Technology Sales or GTS, serves leaders and their teams within IT. For Q2, GTS contract value growth accelerated to 9% and we have CD growth in all of our top 10 countries. GTS drove strong growth across virtually all industries, including manufacturing, services, and tech and telecom. And we expect GTS contract value growth to continue accelerating, returning to double-digit growth in the future. Global business sales or GPS serves leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, marketing, sales, legal and more. GBS again accelerated, delivering outstanding contract value growth of 18%. Both practices contributed to our growth. And our HR, finance, sales and supply chain practices each exceeded 20% contract value growth. So across our entire research business, we're seeing the results of a sustained focus, a consistent execution of proven practices. We continued to have a vast market opportunity. And our research business is well-positioned as we continue to deliver long-term sustained double-digit growth. Turning to conferences. For the second quarter of 2021, conferences revenues were $58 million, again exceeding our expectations. As many of you know, during 2020 we were unable to hold in-person conferences. To address this situation we created virtual conferences to deliver extraordinarily valuable insights to our audiences. We continue to operationally prepare for some in-person conferences in the second half of the year if conditions allow. Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research and helps clients execute their most strategic initiatives through deeper extended project based work. Consulting revenues were up 4% in Q2. We had strength in our labor-based business. With labor-based revenue up 20% over this time last year. Contract optimization revenue was down from a record high last year. Overall, Consulting continues to be an important complement to our IT research business. To ensure we keep pace with our accelerating growth rates, we're rapidly growing our recruiting capacity. Our hiring is accelerating. Even in today's tough labor market, candidates see Gartner as a great place for a long-term career. They know we have an incredible impact on our clients, that we're a sales-driven growth company and our growth provides among the best promotion and professional development opportunities for all our associates. With strong revenues and continued disciplined cost management, EBITDA exceeded expectations. Strong EBITDA combined with effective cash management resulted in strong free cash flow. Our priorities for cash flow continue to be strategic, tuck-in acquisitions, like the small one we did this quarter and share repurchases. Summarizing, Q2 was another strong quarter with strength in all three business segments, and research exceeding our expectations. We delivered strong results across contract value, revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow. Looking ahead, we're well-positioned for long-term sustained double-digit growth. We have a vast addressable market. We have an attractive recurring revenue business model with strong contribution margins. We expect to deliver modest EBITDA margin expansion going forward from a normalized 2021. We generate significant free cash flow in excess of net income, which will continue to deploy through share repurchases and strategic tuck-in acquisitions. With that, I'll hand the call over to Craig. Craig?
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene, and good morning. Second quarter results were excellent with strength in contract value growth, revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow. We are increasing our 2021 guidance to reflect our strong Q2 performance. Second quarter revenue was $1.2 billion, up 20% year-over-year as reported and 16% FX neutral. In addition, total contribution margin was 70%, up more than 300 basis points versus the prior year. EBITDA was $355 million, up 85% year-over-year and up 75% FX neutral. Adjusted EPS was $2.24. Free cash flow on the quarter was $563 million. Free cash flow includes $150 million from insurance proceeds related to cancelled 2020 conferences. Research revenue in the second quarter grew 15% year-over-year as reported and 11% on an FX neutral basis. We saw strong retention and new business in the quarter. Second quarter research contribution margin was 74%, up about 170 basis points versus 2020. Contribution margins reflect both improved operational effectiveness, continued avoidance of travel expenses and lower than planned headcount. However, some of the margin improvement compared to historical levels is temporary and will reverse as we resume normal travel and increased spending to support growth. Total contract value grew 11% FX neutral year-over-year to $3.8 billion at June 30. Quarterly net contract value increased or NCVI was $114 million, significantly better than the pandemic lows in the second quarter of last year and a new record high for second quarter NCVI. Quarterly NCVI is a helpful way to measure contract value performance in the quarter, even though there is notable seasonality in this metric. Global technology sales contract value at the end of the second quarter was $3 billion, up 9% versus the prior year. GTS CV increased $75 million from the first quarter. The selling environment continued to improve in the second quarter. By industry, CV growth was led by technology, manufacturing and services. While retention for GTS was 101% for the quarter, up about 110 basis points year-over-year. While retention isn't yet fully back to normal because it's a rolling four quarter measure. GTS new business was up 38% versus last year with strength in new logos and continued improvement in upsell with existing clients. Our regular full set of metrics can be found in our earnings supplement. Global Business Sales Contract Value was $770 million at the end of the second quarter, up 18% year-over-year, which is above the high-end of our medium term outlook of 12% to 16%. GBS CV increased $39 million from the first quarter. Broad-based CV growth was led by the health care and technology industries. All of our practices including marketing delivered year-over-year and sequential CV growth. HR, finance, sales and supply chain each grew 20% or more year-over-year. While retention for GBS was 110% for the quarter, up more than 950 basis points year-over-year. GBS new business was up 76% over last year, led by very strong growth across the full portfolio. As with GTS our regular full set of GBS metrics can be found in our earnings supplement. Conferences revenue for the second quarter was $58 million compared to no revenue in the year-ago quarter. Contribution margin in the quarter was 73% driven by strong top line performance. We held 13 virtual conferences in the quarter. We also held a number of virtual Avanta meetings. Second quarter Consulting revenues increased by 9% year-over-year to $106 million. On an FX neutral basis, revenues were up 4%. Consulting contribution margin was 40% in the second quarter, up almost 600 basis points versus the prior year quarter. Labor-based revenues were $86 million, up 25% versus Q2 of last year and up 20% on an FX neutral basis. Labor-based billable headcount of 740 was down 7%. Utilization was 70%, up more than 1,100 basis points year-over-year. Backlog at June 30 was $108 million, up 7% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis after another strong bookings quarter. Our Contract Optimization business was down 31% on a reported basis versus the prior year quarter and down 33% FX neutral. The prior year period was the highest ever revenue quarter for Contract Optimization and as we have detailed in the past, this part of the consulting segment is highly variable. Consolidated cost of service has increased 9% year-over-year and 6% FX neutral in the second quarter. Cost of services increased due to the reinstatement of annual merit increases and to support growth in the business. SG&A decreased 1% year-over-year and 4% FX neutral in the second quarter. Compared with the prior year period, SG&A declined due to lower severance and conference related expenses partially offset by higher personnel costs. E&E remains close to zero. Operating expenses were lower than planned in part because net headcount growth was below our targets. While our rate of hiring continues to ramp up, turnover remains modestly above normal levels due to tighter labor market conditions. As Gene said, we're rapidly growing our recruiting capacity to keep pace with our accelerating growth rates. EBITDA for the second quarter was $355 million, up 85% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 75% FX neutral. Second quarter EBITDA again reflected revenue above the high-end and cost towards the low-end of our expectations. Depreciation in the quarter was up about $3 million versus 2020, reflecting real estate and software which went into service since the second quarter of last year. Net interest expense excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter was $26 million, roughly flat versus the second quarter of 2020. The Q2 adjusted tax rate which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income was 29.9% for the quarter. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was 24.6% in the quarter. Adjusted EPS in Q2 was $2.24. The weighted average fully diluted share count for the second quarter was 86.6 million shares. We exited the second quarter with 85.1 million fully diluted shares. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $575 million, up 68% compared to last year. Q2 operating cash flow includes $150 million of proceeds from insurance related to 2020 conference cancellations. Excluding the insurance proceeds, operating cash flow improved by 24% versus the prior year quarter. Cash flow strength continues to be driven by EBITDA growth and improved collections. CapEx for the quarter was $12 million, down 44% year-over-year. Lower CapEx is largely a function of lower real estate investments. Free cash flow for the quarter was $563 million, which was up about 75% versus the prior year. Excluding the insurance proceeds, free cash flow improved by 28% versus the prior year quarter. Free cash flow growth continues to be an important part of our business model with modest capital expenditure needs and upfront client payments. Free cash flow as a percent of revenue or free cash flow margin was 27% on a rolling four quarter basis. Excluding the insurance proceeds, free cash flow was 23% of revenue, continuing the improvement we've been making over the past few years. Free cash flow was well in excess of both GAAP and adjusted net income. At the end of the second quarter, we had $796 million of cash. During the quarter, we issued $600 million of new 8-year senior unsecured notes with a 3.625% coupon. We used the proceeds from this new issuance to repay $100 million of the existing term loan A. The balance is available for general corporate purposes including share repurchases. Our June 30 debt balance was $2.5 billion. At the end of the second quarter, we had about $1 billion of revolver capacity. Our reported gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA was about 2.3x. Our expected free cash flow generation and excess cash remaining on the balance sheet provide ample liquidity and cash to deliver on our capital allocation strategy of share repurchases and strategic tuck-in M&A. During the quarter, we made a small acquisition with net cash paid at closing of $23 million. Year-to-date, we've repurchased more than $1 billion in stock, including $685 million during the second quarter. In July, the Board increased our share repurchase authorization for the third time this year, adding another $800 million. As of August 1, we have more than $1 billion available for share repurchases. We expect the Board will continue to refresh the repurchase authorization as needed. As we continue to repurchase shares, we expect our capital base will shrink. This is accretive to earnings per share, and combined with growing profits also delivers increasing returns on invested capital over time. We are updating our full year guidance to reflect Q2 performance and an improved and increased outlook for the remainder of the year. For Research, the strong start to the year in CV performance and improvement to non-subscription revenue are contributing to higher than previously expected research revenue. For Conferences, our guidance is still based on being virtual for the full year. With the uptick in COVID and shifting government directives, there is much more uncertainty around our ability to run in-person conferences during the balance of the year. We continue to operationally plan for some in-person conferences. Our updated guidance reflects some additional cancellation related costs for conferences where we have been planning to run in-person, but may need to cancel. If we are able to run in-person conferences, we expect incremental upside to both our revenue and profitability for 2021. For expenses, we have reinstated benefits which were either cancelled or deferred in 2020. This includes our annual merit increase, which took effect April 1. We are investing in expanding our recruiting capacity, drive additional hiring across the business. The additional hiring will continue into 2022 and beyond to support current and future growth. Our current plan is to increase quota-bearing headcount in the mid single digits for GTS and low double digits for GBS by the end of 2021. Additionally, we continue to invest in a number of programs with a focus on improving sales productivity. As you know, travel expenses were close to zero from April 2020 through June 2021. Our current plans continue to assume a ramp up in travel related expenses. Over the course of the rest of this year, we add more to the fourth quarter. If travel restrictions remain in place for longer than we've assumed, we'd see expense savings. For our revenue guidance, we now expect research revenue of at least $4 billion, which is growth of 11%. We still expect Conferences revenue of at least $170 million, which is growth of 41%. We still expect Consulting revenue of at least $400 million, which is growth of 6%. The result is an outlook for consolidated revenue of at least $4.57 billion, which is growth of 11%. Based on current foreign exchange rates and business mix, the consolidated growth includes an FX benefit of about 200 basis points. The year-over-year FX benefit was more pronounced in the first half of the year. With the ongoing business momentum, we are seeing we will continue to restore growth spending as we move through the year. We now expect full year adjusted EBITDA of at least $1.16 billion, which is an increase of about 42% versus 2020 and reflects reported margins of 25.4%. We expect a reasonable baseline for thinking about the margins going forward is around 18% to 19% consistent with our comments last quarter. We expect our full year 2021 adjusted net interest expense to be $113 million. Looking out to 2022, as the balance sheet stands today, we expect interest expense to be around $115 million. We expect an adjusted tax rate of around 22% for 2021. We now expect 2021 adjusted EPS of at least $7.60. For 2021, we now expect free cash flow of at least $1.13 billion. This includes the $150 million of insurance proceeds received in the second quarter this year. All the details of our full year guidance are included on our Investor Relations site. Turning to the second half of the year. For Research, we have more visibility into revenue the farther we get into the year. This is because NCVI earlier in the year has more of an effect on the full year revenue. Seasonally, Conferences and Consulting are also both typically later in Q3. Finally, at the start of 2021, there was a lot of uncertainty in the world and we began with a prudently conservative plan. More than halfway through the year and with less macro uncertainty, there's a lower likelihood of the kind of upside we've seen in the past few quarters. As a result, we expect reported numbers to be closer to our guidance than earlier in the year. Any upside is more likely to come from lower costs than higher revenue. For Q3, we expect to deliver at least $250 million of EBITDA. We also expect the tax rate for the quarter in the high 20s. Looking out over the medium term, our financial model and expectations are unchanged. With 12% to 16% Research CV growth, we will deliver double-digit revenue growth. With gross margin expansion, sales cost growing in line with CV growth over time, and G&A leverage, we can modestly expand margins from a normalized 2021 level of around 18% to 19%. We can grow free cash flow at least as fast as EBITDA because of our modest CapEx needs and the benefits of our clients paying us up front. We will repurchase shares over time, which will lower the share count. With a strong first half, with momentum across the business, we have meaningfully updated our outlook for 2021 to reflect the stronger demand environment and our enhanced visibility. We are restoring certain expenses and investing to ensure we are well-positioned to continue our momentum. We repurchased more than $1 billion worth of stock this year, and remain committed to returning excess capital to our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Gary Bisbee with BofA Securities. Your line is open.
Gary Bisbee: Hey, guys, good morning and congratulations on another strong results. I guess, I wanted to dig a little more into the cost. The trend all year has been revenue ahead of your plan and costs a bit below or at the low-end. What's really keeping you from accelerating investment? Is it the inability to hire, you talked about that investing there that being a little more difficult, is it in part that you don't need more sales to deliver to the target this year, given how strong productivity has been? Or are there other factors I guess, maybe particularly I'm interested in labor market tightness, and sort of how long you think it will take to get the hiring that you've been targeting on? Thank you.
Gene Hall: Hey, Gary, it's Gene. So we came into this year with a lot of sales capacity that we've built up over 2019. And so to your point -- you mentioned in your question, we actually have a lot of sales capacity, you're seeing that in our sales results. And so the reason we've been relatively slow to ramp up our sales hiring, our net sales hiring has been we felt like we had plenty of capacity and plenty of opportunity and productivity and we still do. Having said that, as I mentioned earlier in my results, we're now at the point we think it's time to start ramping up that capacity. And so we've been aggressively building our recruiting capability, building our pipeline of candidates and we'd expect to increase that hiring as we go through the year to position us very well for next year and beyond.
Craig Safian: And, Gary, the other thing I would just add, good morning, is as the world has started to reopen, we've had fits and starts with that as well. And so we did have plans to have more travel. And that hasn't panned out given that the situation in the world. We had plans to reopen facilities, a lot of those have just been pushed back further into the year as well. So it's really a combination on the headcount side that Gene just highlighted as well as some other large expense buckets that have just continued to be pushed out into the back half of the year.
Gary Bisbee: Okay. And then just on that note, the quick follow-up, the 18% to 19% medium term margin target, if I backed into it, right, it appears like the second half is above that. Whereas last quarter, you were talking about it moving down to that level. Is that just delays in some of these costs, like travel coming back that you just cited? Or opening offices or is that inability to maybe hire as quickly as you want also part of what's going on there?
Craig Safian: Yes, it's all three of those things, Gary, I would say. So, things getting pushed out further into the year, including the ramp up in hiring that Gene just talked about. So, let's pretend that we didn't hire all of our needs until December 1 that's obviously not going to happen. But low burden on the 2021 P&L, full year burden on the 2022 P&L. So our outlook in terms of margin for next year is really unchanged from last quarter. This year changed just because, again, we continue to push out certain expanses further and further into the back half of the year.
Gary Bisbee: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Meuler with Baird. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Meuler: Yes, thank you. I had noticed that GBS sales headcount has been back to sequential growth, GTS has not. I guess what I'm wondering is, is that a function of GBS metrics inflecting earlier and growth being stronger and therefore you kick the hiring into gear sooner there? Or is it more of a challenge in GTS because it's harder to retain individuals with tech domain selling experience? And if it's the latter, just any thoughts on if the comp packages are appropriate or need to be adjusted?
Gene Hall: Yes, hey, Jeff. So, the -- I'd say the biggest issue is where you -- the first you started with, which is with the faster growth in GBS, the rapid acceleration, we've got more of a need to get to -- our net hiring up sooner than we have with GTS. Having said that, as I mentioned in my remarks, turnover is modestly higher and it would be affect-- it affects the people that are in the parts of our business that are technology like our software [indiscernible] even as well as our GTS sales force. And while that's mostly higher, that's only a piece of it. I think it's greater pieces, just kind of my what I said in the earlier question about the timing of when we -- the capacity we have today and the time when we chose to have recruiting start back up again. We have -- we're a great place to work. Our salespeople know that and really love being here. And of course, we're a great place to attract new talents as well.
Jeffrey Meuler: Okay. And then not that I'd expect you to adjust your GBS medium term guidance, because you had one quarter above the range. But I guess how are you thinking about it? And is there some reason why there is like, cyclical lift in the current trends? Because I guess as I look at it, the growth sounds broad based, the comps aren't that easy. And the historical experience from GTS is on a organic constant currency basis that accelerated coming out of the financial crisis to a level and then it remained at that level kind of throughout the expansion. So just any thoughts on GBS and if there's, I guess, upside potential or why not.
Craig Safian: Good morning, Jeff, and thanks for the question. I think in terms of the way we think about the business over the medium term unchanged. And so, again, we believe that over the medium term, we can grow both GTS and GBS in that 12% to 16% range. Obviously, GBS is performing exceptionally well. We've seen it accelerate, even last year the acceleration started, it has continued through the first half of the year. And this [indiscernible] has been a really nice combination of improvements in retention, which you can see in our key metrics as well as great new business growth across the board. So it's not any one practice. It's actually as you alluded to, broad based from industry perspective and from a practice perspective. And so, we remain bullish on GBS. We remain bullish on GTS as well. And over the medium term, again, we believe we can grow both in that 12% to 16% range.
Jeffrey Meuler: Okay. Thank you, both.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
George Tong: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. The sales force productivity or NCBI for GBS stepped up to 141,000, which came ahead of GTS for the first time ever. Can you elaborate on what drove the increase? And whether you expect GBS productivity to step back down to be below GPS levels over the near-term?
Gene Hall: Yes. hey, George. The thing that drives our productivity in both sales forces is we've heard before, which is our recruiting capability, the training portals we have, the tools we have in the process design. And so the thing that's driving productivity is, as the market has gotten, as the recession has come a little bit better, those combination of factors, the recruiting, training, tools and process affect both businesses. And that's what you're seeing what you're seeing drive the productivity improvement. And so over time, we expect both productivity improving in both sales forces.
George Tong: And just on the second part of the question, what drove GBS to come ahead of GTS for the first time? And when would you expect that productivity to flip over the near-term back to GBS being below GTS?
Gene Hall: We don't think about it as, one is going to be higher than the other. We expect both will actually have improvements over time. And there's one meaningful difference between GBS and GTS. And that is that we have a higher number of what we call business developers, which are sales people that don't have any existing accounts. GTS has a much larger installed base. And so we have a large number of what we call account executives, whose job is to sell more business to those existing clients. In GTS, we also have the business developers, but in GBS, we have a much higher number of business developers compared to account executives than we do at GTS. That's part of the thing that helps -- that impact sales productivity with GBS both now and over time.
George Tong: Got it. Thats helpful. And then secondly, you've increased your EBITDA margins for the full year to 25.4% at the midpoint. What expectations respecting half margins? Are you embedding into your guidance? And how should 2022 margins compared with second half margins?
Gene Hall: Good morning, George. Thanks for the question. Obviously, the second half margins are lower than what we've run through the first half and what the full year implies. Yet, as Gary highlighted as well, it's a little bit higher than the 18% to 19% that we've guided, or at least preliminary -- preliminarily guided around how to think about a normalized margin for this year. And there's really one primary reason for that, and it's the deferral and the pushing out of spending that we expected to come in sooner, just happening a little bit later over the course of 2021, but I was assuming we bear the full burden of that as the business continues to accelerate into 2022. And so, a little bit higher than 80% to 90% is the expectation for the second half of the year. But again, that's largely because we've pushed out and deferred certain expenses to later in this year. But we'll have a full impact on the 2022 P&L.
George Tong: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Toni Kaplan: Thank you so much. I was hoping you could talk about what you're hearing from clients in terms of appetite for in-person conferences. I know you talked about you're operationally planning on running some of them later this year, and that would be upside to the guidance. But just what's the demand of that you're hearing from clients, and has the delta variant impacted that at all?
Gene Hall: Hey, Toni. Our in-person conferences remain usually popular with our clients. Clients are, I'd say, quite enthusiastic about returning to those in-person conferences and we're looking forward to it. As of -- as we sit here today, I'd say our registrations for the conferences in the U.S haven't been affected very much by the delta variant, that could change over time, if things goes on. But the sentiment, as of just right now, in terms of registrations things, hasn't changed very much. Outside of the U.S., I'd say there's more concern about it, and so it's not the same around the world. Having said that, either there's a concern about the delta variant, the kind of underlying demand there, even the clients that are concerned about the delta variant in terms of attending a conference, if we can address that are wildly enthusiastic about conferences and really want to return back to them. And so, over time, we'd expect when it's safe to do so to be introducing in-person conferences to meet that demand.
Toni Kaplan: That's great. And your free purchased more than a $1 billion of stock this year. Just any updates to capital allocation priorities and on strategic tuck-ins, I think you did a small one this quarter. So just give us a sense of what the optimal strategic tuck-in looks like right now at this point. Thanks.
Craig Safian: Hey, good morning, Toni. I'll start out and then flip it over to Gene on the M&A strategy. You're right, we've repurchased over a $1 billion worth of our stock through the first half of this year. As we've always highlighted, we have two priorities from a capital allocation perspective. And they're not stacked to prioritize. It's 1A and 1B. I would characterize it as, which is returning capital to our shareholders, through buyback programs, and strategic value enhancing M&A, which is largely going to be in the small medium tuck-in size. As we look forward, those remain the two priorities, given what we see in the market. Clearly, in the first half of this year, we put a bias or a priority around returning capital through our buyback programs. But as we move forward, we have ample free cash flow, ample cash on balance sheet, ample balance sheet flexibility for it to be an end. So we can do buybacks and strategic tuck-in M&A as opposed to it being an overstatement. We just happened to put a strong bias towards buybacks through the first half of the year. And I'll flip it to Gene to talk about the M&A side.
Gene Hall: Yes, Toni, so over time, in general, our acquisitions have been focused on additions to our capabilities in one way or another. So sometimes they've been actual kind of acquisitions to get to talent. Other times it's been product extensions, which we've used. And so I think -- you can think about it as ways to improve our capabilities, either in a direct people sense or in a product offering sense.
Toni Kaplan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair. Your line is open.
Andrew Nicholas: Hi, good morning, I was hoping you could touch on the level of client engagement you've seen in the past quarter or two, and how that compares to pre-pandemic levels? If it's still elevated relative to two pre-COVID, and if so how important do you think that is to what I think is record client retention metrics you posted this quarter, just trying to get a sense for how much of this could be more of a temporary phenomenon, given the current environment?
Gene Hall: Andrew, client engagement is really important in our business, when they -- when clients buy our services, they do it to get value out of it. When they get the values, they engage with us. And so, client engagement is up substantially compared to 2019. It's about the same as it was in 2020. And that's partially as you said, due to the environment, there's a lot of uncertainty. But it's also due to the fact that we spend a lot of our energy, thinking of ways that we can actually stimulate an engagement because again, we know we get -- when we get more engagement, we -- our clients get more value out of our services. So it's kind of the two things are related.
Andrew Nicholas: Got it. Makes sense. And then for my follow-up, several quarters in a row now have a pretty sizable upside in terms of your guidance, or at least relative to your at least, methodology. And so I'm just wondering given now that, that it seems to be a bit more stable of an operating environment than the past 12 to 18 months, it's if you're considering or how you're thinking about your approach to guidance, and whether you'll consider potentially reverting back to the more traditional bracketed approach at some point, whether it's later this year or early next. Thanks.
Gene Hall: Good morning, Andrew. Great question. We've actually shifted our guidance methodology to the at least pre-pandemic. And I don't see us slipping back. I think you guys, as you alluded to, obviously, there's been a lot of uncertainty in the world. And we've been trying to since the beginning of the pandemic, plan thoughtfully, planned prudently. And even when we entered this year, I would say plan conservatively as well. As the world has stabilized and we've got a heck of a lot more visibility into how the business is performing. We are still comfortable with the guidance methodology that we have. That said, I'd reiterate what I said in my prepared remarks earlier around your expected variability. On that guidance moving forward, we would expect much less variability, probably more variability on the expense side than on the revenue side. But we are comfortable with the way that we guide now and the current methodology that we use.
Andrew Nicholas: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Silber: Thank you so much. You noted in your prepared remarks about higher -- slightly higher than expected turnover from I believe it was your sales force. Where are these folks going? Are they going to competitors? Are they going out on their own going to other industries, any color would be great.
Gene Hall: Hey, Jeff. The -- as I mentioned, turnover across the business is modestly up. And the turnover is going to same places that it's always gone, which is the -- we are known as a company that has great recruiting, training programs. And so there's people like to recruit from us. We're trying to recruit from us. And there's one of the simplest that has gone, which tends to be the technology industry.
Jeffrey Silber: Okay, great. That's helpful. And you mentioned in your guidance that it includes your planning from some in-person destinations, but the guidance only -- on the conference side, excuse me, the guidance is the least since virtual for conference revenue can remind us what the delta would be just for us for modeling purposes, if you shift from virtual to in-person.
Gene Hall: Yes, Jeff, it's and part of the reason why we got it this way is, the difference will vary on a conference-by-conference basis. So it's very hard, or impossible to answer that question in terms of building your model. And I think the way to think about it is, with our current guide, it is virtual only. That is the best numbers to plug in right now. And as we said, if we are able to run some in-person conferences in the balance of the year, it would be upside to those numbers, but it will depend on the timing or location, and everything else and it will be done on a -- and decisions will be made on a conference-by-conference basis.
Jeffrey Silber: All right. If I could sneak in one quick one, I'm sorry. You mentioned that the guidance does include some additional cancellation related costs. Can you quantify those for us?
Gene Hall: Yes, sure. It's probably low double digits millions in terms of the potential cancellation costs. It's hard to quantify that right now. Some of them are contractual, some of them will be some [ph] costs that go into to the conference pre-cancellation decision, but it's in the low double-digit million is a current contemplation.
Jeffrey Silber: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Mario Cortellacci:  Hi, this Mario Cortellacci filling in for Hamzah. Just kind of going back to the delta variant, wondering how you're thinking about that and considering opening your in-person conferences. Is your decision for the based more around government guidelines? Or is it just strictly more prudence on Gartner's part, and just making sure that events are safe? Or if there's no government restrictions, you guys, because you have the demand in place, you will feel more comfortable doing it?
Gene Hall: Yes, Mario. So as I mentioned, the starting point we have is that our clients, actually really appreciate the value of in-person conferences, and we'd like to get back to them. Having said that, what we're going to do and any -- before we hold in any in-person conference, we're certainly going to follow any government guidelines that are relevant. So where the CDC or the relevant agencies in other countries have said, you shouldn't have large gatherings in this sort of circumstance, even if it's not a regulation, we're going to follow those guidelines. And the third thing is we -- on a regular basis, survey our clients to see how they feel about it as well. And so, we want to reflect their center as well. Even if there were no government guidelines, but our client sentiment was, it's not a safe thing to do that we certainly wouldn't follow that as well. And, of course, we use finally our own assessment. And if we think even if the guidance, okay, and even if clients want to do it, we don't think it's safe. We wouldn't hold them as well. So it's kind of those are the factors that go into the decision making in terms of whether we hold in-person conference or not.
Mario Cortellacci: Got it. And then just for my follow-up, did you talk about when you're looking at a GTS sales force productivity, I guess, what are the biggest levers that you can pull to get back to pre-pandemic levels? You talked about, I guess, some of the levers for GBS being I guess, broad and that they're all contributing, but is there one bigger lever that you can pull in GTS. And then also, could you just compare what the 10-year is for the GTS sales force today versus pre-pandemic, and then how much of that 10-year can help add to productivity.
Gene Hall: Yes, so the first part it's the factors I missed earlier, which is the things that impact productivity are really our recruiting program, making sure we recruit the best people, making sure we bring them on board that they're trained to sell the Gartner kinds of products, equipped with great tools. And if we have the best processes, we're constantly improving those things. And so, over time, we expect those will drive productivity improvements. In terms of tenure compared to where we were in 2019, our tenures, on average, higher because we slowed hiring and so with fewer new -- a lower proportion of new people from our slowed hiring are the average tenure has gone up over time.
Craig Safian: Anyway to help quantify or give us a sense for how much that can help contribute to productivity?
Gene Hall: Yes, I can't quantify it for you. I mean, again, we track the numbers, but we don't -- those aren't things we talked about publicly. And so the, I guess, I'll leave it at the 10 years higher.
Mario Cortellacci: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions, I could turn the call back over to Gene Hall for any closing remarks.
Gene Hall: Well, summarizing today's call, Q2 was another strong quarter. It was strengthened all three business segments, and research exceeding our expectations. We delivered strong results across contract value, revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow. GTS contract value growth accelerated to 9% and GBS contract value growth accelerated to 18%. We're accelerating hiring across our business to keep pace with this growth. Looking ahead, we're well-positioned for long-term sustained double-digit growth. Weve a vast addressable market. Weve an attractive recurring revenue business model with strong contribution margins. We expect to deliver modest EBITDA margin expansion going forward from a normalized 2021. We generate significant free cash flow. Next is net income, which will continue to deploy through share repurchases and strategic tuck-in acquisitions. Thanks for joining us today and I look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-05 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Gartners First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your host today, David Cohen, GVP of Investor elations. Please go ahead.
David Cohen: Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for Gartners first quarter 2021 earnings call and hope you are well. With me on the call today are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer and Craig Safian, Chief Financial Officer. This call will include a discussion of first quarter 2021 financial results and Gartners updated outlook for 2021 as disclosed in todays earnings release and earnings supplement, both posted on our website, investor.gartner.com. Following comments by Gene and Craig, we will open up the call for your questions. We ask that you limit your questions to one and a follow-up. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, with the adjustments as described in our earnings release. All growth rates in Genes comments are FX-neutral unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2021 foreign exchange rates unless stated otherwise. As set forth in more detail in todays earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the companys 2020 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now, I will turn the call over to Gartners Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Gartner performance accelerated in the first quarter of 2021. We delivered strong results across contract value, revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow. Total revenues were up 6%, with each of our business segments, research, conferences, and consulting, exceeding our expectations. Research is our largest and most profitable segment. Our research segment serves executives and their teams across all major enterprise functions in every industry around the world. Research has a vast market opportunity across all sectors, sizes and geographies. Global Technology Sales, or GTS, serves leaders and their teams within IT. For Q1, GTS contract value grew 5%. First quarter new business was up 21% as a result of new logos and up-sell with existing clients. Client engagement continued to be strong, with content and analyst interaction volumes up to 26% compared to Q1 2020. We saw strong performances across several regions and industries, including tech and midsized enterprises. We expect GTS contract value growth to continue to accelerate in 2021 and return to double-digit growth in the future. Global Business Sales, or GBS, serves leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, marketing, sales, legal and more. GBS achieved contract value growth of 12%, its first quarter of double-digit growth. New business growth was a very strong 87% in the quarter. All practices, with the exception of marketing, ended Q1 with double-digit contract value growth rates and all practices delivered positive quarterly NCVI. Across our entire research business, we practiced relentless execution of proven practices and we are seeing the results of our efforts. Our research business is well-positioned to return to sustained double-digit growth over the medium-term. Turning to conferences, as many of you know, during 2020, our conferences business pivoted from in-person destination conferences to virtual. Our value proposition for virtual conferences remains the same as for in-person conferences. We deliver extraordinarily valuable insights to an engaged and qualified audience. While Q1 is a small quarter for conferences, the business exceeded our expectations. Beyond virtual conferences, we continue to prepare to return to in-person conferences in the second half of 2021. Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research and helps clients execute their most strategic initiatives through deeper extended project-based work. Our Consulting segment also exceeded our expectations, with bookings up 26% during Q1. Our Consulting business will continue to serve as an important complement to our IT research business. One of our objectives is to generate strong cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was $145 million, up significantly versus the prior year. In addition, we used that cash flow plus cash balances to purchase more than $600 million in stock through April of this year. With these repurchases, our board increased our share repurchase authorization by another $500 million. We recently launched our 2020 Corporate Responsibility Report. The report details the progress we made in accelerating positive social change and contributing to a more sustainable world. We want our associates, communities and clients to continue to thrive today and in the future. The report can be found on gartner.com and I encourage you to take a look. Summarizing, Q1 was a strong quarter with all three business segments exceeding our expectations. Looking ahead, we are well-positioned for sustained success. We have a vast addressable market, which will allow us to achieve double-digit contract value and revenue growth over the next 5 years and beyond. We expect to deliver modest EBITDA margin expansion going forward from a normalized 2021. We generate significant free cash flow in excess of net income, which we will continue to deploy through share repurchases and strategic tuck-in acquisitions. And with that, I will hand the call over to Craig. Craig?
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene and good morning. I hope everyone remains safe and well. First quarter results were outstanding with very good momentum across the business. Revenue was well above our expectations. Despite the lower than planned expenses, we are well-positioned to take advantage of the strong demand environment. We will continue to restore spending to support and drive long-term sustained double-digit growth. With stronger than expected results in contract value, non-subscription research and consulting we are increasing our revenue growth and normalized margin outlook, which results in a meaningful increase to our 2021 guidance. The improved outlook reflects the increased visibility we have following the stronger than expected first quarter. First quarter revenue was $1.1 billion, up 8% year-over-year as reported and 6% FX-neutral. In addition, total contribution margin was 70%, up more than 320 basis points versus the prior year. EBITDA was $320 million, up 50% year-over-year and up 44% FX-neutral. Adjusted EPS was $2 and free cash flow in the quarter was $145 million. Research revenue in the first quarter grew 8% year-over-year as reported and 6% on an FX-neutral basis and we saw strong retention and new business throughout the quarter. First quarter research contribution margin was 74%, up about 200 basis points versus 2020. Higher contribution margins reflect both improved operational effectiveness and the avoidance of travel expenses. Some of the margin improvement compared to historical levels is temporary and will reverse as the world reopens and we increase spending to support growth. We are seeing a benefit from increased scale and a mix shift to higher margin products, including from the discontinuation of certain lower margin marketing products. Total contract value grew 6% FX neutral to $3.7 billion at March 31. Quarterly net contract value increase, or NCVI, was $59 million significantly better than the pandemic affected first quarter last year. Quarterly NCVI is a helpful way to measure contract value performance in the quarter, even though there is notable seasonality in this metric. Global Technology Sales contract value at the end of the first quarter was $3 billion, up 5% versus the prior year. GTS CV increased $34 million from the fourth quarter. The selling environment continued to improve in the first quarter, but while retention isnt yet fully back to normal. Moving forward, we expect win backs and a return to more expansion with existing clients to contribute to growth in 2021 consistent with our experience coming out of the last downturn. By industry, CV growth was led by technology, healthcare and services, while retention for GTS was 98% for the quarter, down about 560 basis points year-over-year. Sequentially, a majority of our industry group saw retention improve from the fourth quarter. GTS new business was up 21% versus last year with strength in new logos and an improvement in up-sell with existing clients. Our regular full set of metrics can be found in our earnings supplement. Global Business Sales contract value was $731 million at the end of the first quarter, up 12% year-over-year. GBS CV increased $25 million from the fourth quarter. This was the strongest first quarter performance we have seen from GBS. CV growth was led by the healthcare and technology industries. All practices recorded double-digit CV growth with the exception of marketing, which was impacted by discontinued products. However, our marketing practice saw improving retention rates and a return to year-over-year new business growth in the quarter. All of our practices, including marketing, showed sequential increases in CV from the fourth quarter. While retention for GBS was 104% for the quarter, up more than 330 basis points year-over-year, GBS new business was up 87% over last year led by very strong growth across the full portfolio. As with GTS, our regular full set of GBS metrics can be found in our earnings supplement. Conferences revenue for the quarter was $25 million. We had about $10 million of one-time revenue in the quarter. This reflected contract entitlements, which we extended beyond the end of 2020 as a result of the pandemic. Contribution margin in the quarter was 56%. We held 5 virtual conferences in the quarter. We also held a number of virtual Avanta meetings. First quarter consulting revenues increased by 4% year-over-year to $100 million. On an FX-neutral basis, revenues were flat. Consulting contribution margin was 39% in the first quarter, up 860 basis points versus the prior year quarter. Labor-based revenues were $84 million, up 4% versus Q1 of last year and down 1% on an FX-neutral basis. Labor-based billable headcount of 744 was down 8% due to headcount actions taken in Q2 and Q3 of last year. Utilization was 68%, up about 550 basis points year-over-year. Backlog at March 31 was $116 million, up 3% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis after a strong bookings quarter. Our backlog provides us with about 4 months of forward revenue coverage. Our contract optimization business was up 6% on a reported basis versus the prior year quarter and 3% FX neutral. As we have detailed in the past, this part of the consulting segment is highly variable. Consolidated cost of services decreased 2% year-over-year and 4% FX-neutral in the first quarter. Cost of services declined due to lower travel and entertainment costs during the quarter as well as the continuation of various cost avoidance initiatives. SG&A decreased 2% year-over-year and 4% FX-neutral in the first quarter as well. SG&A declined due to lower facilities, travel, entertainment, and conference-related expenses as well as the continuation of various cost avoidance initiatives. As CV rebounds this year, our traditional sales productivity metrics will also improve. For 2021, we have ample sales capacity to drive increasing CV growth, a more tenured-than-usual sales force, several consecutive quarters of strong client engagement which should drive improving retention and the insights to help our clients address their most critical priorities. Going forward, in addition to the initiatives to improve sales force productivity and cost effectiveness we have been discussing the past few years, this year we are investing to upgrade many of our sales technology tools. We will be ramping up our sales force hiring later in the year to ensure we have the team in place to drive strong CV growth next year. We still anticipate high single-digit growth in both GTS and GBS headcount by the end of 2021. EBITDA for the first quarter was $320 million, up 50% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 44% FX-neutral. First quarter EBITDA reflected revenue above the high-end and costs toward the low end of our expectations for the first quarter. Depreciation in the quarter was up about $3 million versus 2020, including real estate and software, which went into service since the first quarter of last year. Net interest expense, excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter, was $25 million, flat versus the first quarter of 2020. The Q1 adjusted tax rate, which we used for the calculation of adjusted net income, was 23.5% for the quarter. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was 22.4% in the quarter. Adjusted EPS in Q1 was $2. Recall that about $6 million of equity compensation expense, which we normally would have incurred in the fourth quarter of 2020, shifted into the first quarter of 2021. The weighted average fully diluted share count for the first quarter was 89.1 million shares. The ending fully diluted share count at March 31 was 87.7 million shares. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $157 million compared to $56 million last year. The increase in operating cash flow was primarily driven by EBITDA growth, improved collections and cost avoidance initiatives. CapEx for the quarter was $13 million, down 49% year-over-year. Lower CapEx is largely a function of lower real estate investments. Free cash flow for the quarter was $145 million, which was up about 360% versus the prior year. Free cash flow growth continues to be an important part of our business model, with modest capital expenditure needs and upfront client payments. Free cash flow as a percent of revenue or free cash flow margin was 22% on a rolling four-quarter basis, continuing the improvement we have been making over the past few years. Free cash flow is well in excess of both GAAP and adjusted net income. At the end of the first quarter, we had $446 million of cash. Our March 31, debt balance was $2 billion. At the end of the first quarter, we had about $1 billion of revolver capacity. Our reported gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA was about 2.2x. We remain very comfortable with our current gross debt level and the corresponding lower leverage multiple. The multiple has reduced predominantly from increased EBITDA. Our expected free cash flow generation and excess cash remaining on the balance sheet provide ample liquidity and cash to deliver on our capital allocation strategy of share repurchases and strategic tuck-in M&A. During the first quarter, we repurchased $398 million in stock at an average price of about $180 per share. In the month of April, we repurchased more than $200 million of our stock. At the end of April, the board increased our share repurchase authorization for the second time this year, adding another $500 million. As of April 30, we have around $790 million available for open market repurchases. We expect the board will continue to refresh the repurchased authorization as needed going forward. As we continue to repurchase shares, we expect our capital base to shrink going forward. This is accretive to earnings per share and combined with growing profits, also delivers increasing returns on invested capital over time as well. We are updating our full year guidance to reflect Q1 performance and an improved and increased outlook for the remainder of the year. For research, the strong start to the year in CV performance and improvements to non-subscription revenue are contributing to higher than previously expected research revenue. For conferences, our guidance is still based on being virtual for the full year. Operationally, we are planning to re-launch in-person Avanta meetings in the third quarter and in-person destination conferences starting in September. Our guidance includes fixed costs, primarily people and marketing related to both a full year of virtual and a partial year of in-person conferences. We have excluded the variable costs, primarily venue-related associated with in-person conferences from our guidance. If we are able to run in-person conferences, we expect incremental upside to both our revenue and profitability for 2021. For consulting revenues, demand started the year better than we expected and the backlog improved during the first quarter. For expenses, we have reinstated benefits, which were either canceled or deferred in 2020. This includes our annual merit increase, which took effect April 1. We also plan to increase quota-bearing headcount in the high single-digits for both GTS and GBS by the end of 2021. Additionally, we continue to invest in several other programs. The impact of most of these expense restorations or investments impacts our P&L starting in the second quarter. As you know, travel expenses were close to zero from April 2020 through March 2021. Our current plans continue to assume a modest ramp up in travel-related expenses over the course of 2021. Most of this ramp is built into the second half of the year. If travel restrictions remain in place for longer than we have assumed, we would see expense savings. For our revenue guidance, we now expect research revenue of at least $3.935 billion, which is growth of at least 9.2%. We expect conferences revenue of at least $170 million, which is growth of at least 42%. We now expect consulting revenue of at least $400 million, which is growth of at least 6.4%. The result is an outlook for consolidated revenue of at least $4.5 billion, which is growth of 9.9%. Based on current foreign exchange rates and business mix, the consolidated growth includes an FX benefit of about 200 basis points. The year-over-year FX benefit is more pronounced in the first half of the year. With the ongoing business momentum we are seeing, we are planning to restore growth spending as we move through the year. We now expect full year adjusted EBITDA of at least $1 billion, which is an increase of about 22.3% versus 2020 and reported margins of at least 22%. This is based on conferences running virtual-only. The 18% to 19% expected margins in the back half of the year should provide a reasonable run-rate for thinking about the margins going forward as we will have more fully restored costs and resumed growth hiring. We expect our full year 2021 adjusted net interest expense to be $102 million. We expect an adjusted tax rate of around 22% for 2021. We now expect 2021 adjusted EPS of at least $6.25. For 2021, we now expect free cash flow of at least $850 million. This is before any insurance proceeds related to 2020 conference cancellations. All the details of our full year guidance are included on our Investor Relations site. Finally, we expect to deliver at least $270 million of EBITDA in Q2 of 2021. We expect the second quarter tax rate in the high 20s. Looking out over the medium-term, our financial model and expectations are unchanged. With 12% to 16% research CV growth, we will deliver double-digit revenue growth. With gross margin expansion, sales cost growing in line with CV growth over time and G&A leverage, we can modestly expand margins from a normalized 2021 level of around 18% to 19%. We can grow free cash flow at least as fast as EBITDA, because of our modest Capex needs and the benefits of our clients paying us upfront. We will repurchase shares over time, which will lower the share count as well. We had a strong start to the year with momentum across the business. We have meaningfully updated our outlook for 2021 to reflect the stronger demand environment and our enhanced visibility. We are restoring certain expenses and investing to ensure we are well positioned to rebound as the economy recovers. We repurchased more than $600 million worth of stock this year through the end of April and remain committed to returning excess capital to our shareholders. With that, I will turn the call back over to the operator and we will be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler with Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeff Meuler: Yes, thanks. So anything further to say on the GBS metrics and how you look at the opportunity? Gene, you have obviously been really positive on it for a while and many on this call have been skeptical. But beyond I told you so answer like is it that there is a much richer seats per client opportunity because of all of the different verticals that you serve within GBS, just trying to I guess better understand how the new business sold for instance, could be up 87%?
Gene Hall: Hi, Jeff. No. So, GBS has been accelerating over several quarters if you look back. And whats going on is as you said, there is a tremendous growth opportunity, the untapped market in GBS  in GTS, its a huge untapped market. In GBS, we are even less penetrated than that. And so, the first piece of it is there is an incredibly large market opportunity. The second piece of it is that we had to get all of the elements that we know that are part of the Gartner formula lined up to fully realize that opportunity and its things like training the sales force, we introduced a whole set of products, which the GxL products we talked about over time. And the combination of both getting our sales force up to speed on the kind of Gartner way we sell and getting all the new products introduced and making sure the sales force understood on how to sell them, that has resulted in us getting and implementing all the kind of process improvements that weve used historically and continue to improve. You pull all those things together, and thats resulted in GBS accelerating each of the quarters, as we talked about earlier. And so its a combination of all the sort of applying subtle versions, its applying the Gartner formula to the GBS market where we have this incredibly huge opportunity.
Jeff Meuler: Okay. And then I guess, I was  I know you said it was from Q2 and Q3 actions, but I was surprised that how much sales headcount was down sequentially with the momentum that seems to be building in the business. Im guessing theres not an issue here given the CV and new business sold metrics. But can you just help us maybe understand like the sales retention of the A players are those that you want to retain? How was it around year end? And then as you think about sales force headcount planning, I guess, how is the apparatus functioning for hiring new salespeople in a remote work and training environments or do you kind of need to get back to the office to release spend that up? Thanks.
Gene Hall: So in a remote environment as well as in office environment, we have a great value proposition to attract sellers to Gartner. We have over time, and we continue to be  if you want to be in the selling field, Gartner is the place to be. And by the way, we have had remote salespeople for a long time, many probably  a large proportion of our field salespeople are actually deployed remotely even before the pandemic. And so were used to working remotely there. We use the opportunity of the pandemic to look at what sales territories were most productive. And our sales headcount did go down a little bit as we looked at areas that we thought that were less productive than we could actually invest better. And if you look at our sales productivity, for 2021, we have plenty of capacity to continue to accelerate the terms of our growth for both GBS and GTS. Then going forward, as Craig said, during the year, we expect to accelerate our hiring and end the year with high single-digit growth in headcount in both GBS and GTS, which positions us really well for 2022 to continue the growth as weve done in the past.
Craig Safian: And Gene, the other thing  Jeff, the other thing I would add is one of the things we are very mindful of last year is to not cut into our recruiting capacity base or selling organizations. And so, we really did maintain recruiting capacity, so that when we wanted to turn it back on, we have the ability to turn it back on relatively quickly. And again, we do believe and were confident in our ability to get to those high single-digit growth rates for both GTS and GBS this year.
Jeff Meuler: Helpful. Thank you, both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks very much. I was hoping you could dive into the margin drivers a little bit more, and just talk about the sustainability of the strengths there. I know you talked about travel being a potential lever in terms of the delta between what your guidance could be an upside. But maybe also talk about the shift to the higher-margin products that you talked about and the sales force ramp being faster or slower and how to think about the drivers for the year on the margin side? Thanks.
Craig Safian: Sure. Good morning, Toni. Thank for that. On the margins, clearly, Q1 was an exceptionally strong margin performance. And as we talked about, earlier, it was a combination of super strong performance on the top line and under-spending versus our estimates, sort of across the board, resulting in very strong EBITDA and very strong EBITDA margins. As we look out over the balance of the year, we expect margins in the 18% to 19% range for the balance of the year, for the second half of the year. And we feel like thats a good baseline because we will have fully restored or at least begun  begin restoring all the expenses that we have been avoiding for the last several quarters that we want to put back in. We will be aggressively adding growth to our sales force in a number of other areas and also investing in key areas that we believe are super important for us to be able to sustain double-digit growth. Obviously, moving forward, the business is going to look a little bit different. The P&L is going to look a little bit different than it did pre pandemic. And clearly, our expectations around our normal operating margins, or EBITDA margins, are a lot higher than they were pre pandemic. And thats because of some of the structural changes that you alluded to Toni that we are going to fully harvest moving forward. And so those are things like having lower overall travel expenses. We have learned through the pandemic that we do want to travel and we do need to travel but we dont need to spend nearly as much  or drive as much volume in terms of travel to run our business going forward. I think similarly, with facilities, we have the ability now to reallocate and reapportion our facility footprint which means we can really grow into what we currently have and we shouldnt need to meaningfully increase our facilities expenses as we did historically when we added lots of people. We always needed to make sure we grow our facilities. Those are the two big ones. And then the last thing I would mention, just on your point on the margin side, we are benefiting from a few things there. One is  and Ill give you the example, is within the marketing practice. And as we told you several quarters ago, we discontinued several low margin products, and the sales team has been focused on replacing them with higher-margin products. And were seeing that happen in the marketing practice, and were also seeing that happen in several of our other practices, including GTS as well, which is certainly helping the overall gross margin and overall margin profile as well. And then lastly, clearly with GBS growing the way it is, were adding scale to each of the practices that we serve and support as well, which is clearly helping on the economic and margin front as well.
Toni Kaplan: Thats helpful. And during the prepared remarks, you mentioned upgrading your sales technology tools. Is this a major program or just a more modest upgrade? And can you talk about how long that might take and when we start to see the benefits and just what kind of benefits we should expect there? Thanks.
Gene Hall: So Toni, yes, as you know, one of the important elements of growing sales productivity is the tools we provide our sales force. Weve been focused on that over time. And in fact, over the last couple of years specifically, weve done a program to upgrade all of the  many of the internal systems that support sales, things like billing systems, things like that, that impact sales productivity in an indirect way because salespeople use them, even though its not necessarily the toolings everyday. In addition to that, we are currently in the process of implementing a new CRM system, which we use by sales as well as other people throughout the business. And as we design that system, we know there are a number of opportunities to put capabilities of that system that we believe will enhance sales productivity over time. And in fact, not just sales productivity, but also help our service teams be more effective as well.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Gary Bisbee: Hey, guys. Good morning and terrific results. I guess let me ask one about free cash flow. Craig, you introduced this concept in the last couple of quarters of a free cash flow margin. Given the higher-normalized EBITDA margin commentary you just provided, is it reasonable to think that the free cash flow margin may be somewhat better beyond this year than how youve been framing that previously?
Craig Safian: Good morning, Gary, and great question. Yes, so I think the way that we think about the free cash flow margin is running about 3 points below the EBITDA margin. And so with an improved EBITDA margin outlook, the free cash flow margin outlook moves up in conjunction with that. And its  obviously, the EBITDA growth is sort of the primary fuel for the strong free cash flow. But clearly, our focus on managing that CapEx line and also our focus on making sure that our collections pacing and collections efficiency, is strong as well or the things that are driving our updated outlook on that free cash flow margin.
Gary Bisbee: Okay, great. And then just a question on the new business metric and the strength across both segments, how much of this would you attribute to just sort of catch-up to what was, obviously, a period of time where it was very difficult to sell a couple of quarters ago versus improvement in the underlying momentum? Certainly, GBS, it feels like youve had that momentum improving regardless of the pandemic impact for a number of quarters now. But on the GTS side, is it more just catch-up or has just the continued dynamic change in technology, driving real underlying growth other than just catch-up from a couple of tough quarters to sell? Thank you.
Gene Hall: Yes, Gary, great question. And I think its actually both. I think there is clearly some pent-up demand where people want to buy our services, but the company  our clients were cautious in the past in terms of  which extended selling cycles and obviously left some pent-up demand. So I think were certainly seeing some of that. In addition, though, to your point, every business has now figured out that they want to be  that they need to be a digital business. And so thats clearly also supporting new business growth as well. And in GBS in particular, again, I just think we  as I mentioned earlier, Ive just been getting better and better at every aspect of our business. Both the products are better, the sales execution, sales support is great, the service support is great. And so I think were getting better over time. So its a combination of those factors.
Gary Bisbee: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
George Tong: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. GBS CV growth was 12% in the quarter. How do you expect GBS CV to perform over the remainder of the year, especially considering CV comps get easier as we move through the year?
Craig Safian: Good morning, George. Go ahead, Gene, do you want to take it?
Gene Hall: Go ahead, Craig. Go ahead.
Craig Safian: Okay, thanks. So I think with  obviously, with the GBS CV growth, weve seen an acceleration in that metric over the last few quarters. And Id agree with you that the Q1 and Q2 comps were easier. I think with the acceleration we saw in contract value growth and in new business strength the second half of last year, the GBS comps, I wouldnt say are particularly easy. We do feel really good about where we are with the GBS business and have a lot of strength there. And again, logging 87% year-over-year new business growth even on an easy compare is still a pretty impressive number. So we feel good about where the CV balance is at the end of the first quarter. The pipeline looks strong. Our sales teams, we all feel good about the future. We dont guide on CV specifically, as you know, George. And so were not going to provide what we think the number is going to be in Q3 or Q4, but we do feel very good about the pacing and the strength of the business that weve seen. And the other thing Id mention is the really nice thing about the GBS growth, and both Gene and I alluded to this earlier is its real great strength across all of the major practices. And were starting to see marketing chip in as well, which is great. So its not just one practice that is driving the growth. Were seeing really strong growth in HR, in supply chain, in finance, in legal, in sales and with marketing starting to gain altitude as well. So we do feel good about the strength of the GBS business right now.
George Tong: Got it. Thats helpful. You mentioned under-spending a bit in 1Q and that youre now targeting 18% to 19% normalized EBITDA margins in the second half of the year, which is going to be the base of which to expand margins going forward. How should we think about margins more near-term, say, in 2Q?
Craig Safian: Yes, so the margins in 2Q, based on what were seeing from a revenue outlook perspective, will also be probably a little bit higher than normal, it will be a little bit higher than normal just based on the pacing of us making the investments and putting the money to work. And so, as we talked about, one of the big investments, obviously, is growing the sales forces. And that will happen in ramp over the balance of the year. And so, we will have some of that hit in Q2, but then it sort of compounds as we roll into Q3 and Q4. And so, I think, the Q2 margins will be higher than that normalized level that were talking about for the second half of the year, for sure.
George Tong: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Nicholas with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Andrew Nicholas: Hi. Good morning. Given the strength in both GTS and GBS, it would certainly seem like a pretty receptive end market. Just wondering how aggressive you can be on the hiring front. I know you mentioned sticking with high single-digit growth in headcount in both businesses and thats certainly not a small number. But did you give any thought to accelerating that growth even further? Are there limitations to how quickly you can add bodies or any other considerations worth keeping in mind?
Gene Hall: Yes, hi Andrew, its Gene. Great question. So as we look at our sales force today, we believe weve got a lot of capacity in terms of improving our sales productivity. And so we want to make sure we capture that capacity as well and then complement that with growth. As we said, our target right now is in the high single digits this year to position us really well for next year in terms of double-digit growth. And so thats kind of our plan right now.
Andrew Nicholas: Got it. Thank you. And then maybe a bigger-picture question. We are over a year now from what most would consider to be the start of the pandemic. I was hoping you could spend some time kind of discussing what you think are the biggest learnings for the management team in terms of running the business. Obviously, you spent time on the cost structure already, so probably dont need to spend more time there. But maybe on kind of sales force training or execution or the optimal conference mix between hybrid and in-person content engagement, whatever it is, just love to hear kind of the top two or three things that you feel like youre taking away from the past year that you might not have otherwise had transparency into. Thanks.
Gene Hall: Yes, Andrew, its a great question. Weve thought about it a lot. There is the old adage about the tough times make you stronger, I think, certainly applies to how we feel about it for us in the sense that when the pandemic hit last year it was pretty tough. And so, there were a lot of innovations we tried. We really were  had the largest set of innovative things that we tried in  I guess, in the second  beginning second quarter of last year, things like different kinds of formats for adding value remotely, things like that. And what we found is that the whole wave of innovation has resulted in some learnings. Some stuff didnt work that great. Some stuff worked really, really well, and were going to continue that  those things going forward. So I think one learning is just that there were a bunch of specific innovations that we came up with. An example of it kind of is very clear is virtual conferences where we didnt have any virtual conferences before. It certainly begs the question going forward. Weve learned to be very successful with virtual conferences. Well, when we can go back to in-person, should we continue those virtual conferences as well, which we almost certainly will in different circumstances. Similarly, with our products, we learned some ways to add value remotely that we hadnt used before that we will continue to use going forward. We also learned that we need less travel  as Craig said earlier, wed probably need less travel than we thought we did before the pandemic. We also  weve always had a large  a relatively large share of our workforce working remotely, but for the pandemic, where everybody working remotely. So again, we developed new work practices that will, I think, improve our productivity going forward for all of our remote workers, even when some of our workers are back in the office. So those are some examples of some of the learnings that weve had from the  this time weve gone through this pandemic time.
Andrew Nicholas: Thanks, Gene.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jeff Silber: Thanks so much. And let me add my congratulations as well. My first question is just on the guidance for the year. It looks like you took revenue guidance up about $140 million and adjusted EBITDA guidance up about $240 million. I know you had that big upside in the first quarter, I dont think you provided official guidance. But compared to where we were three months ago, are you also raising expectations for the last three quarters of the year or is it just basically on the first quarter upside surprise?
Craig Safian: Hey, good morning, Jeff. Its a combination of both. So the strength we saw in the first quarter or the source of the beat, if you will, was a combination of revenue strength which sticks. And also, because a lot of it was CV strength, we get to flow that through now the balance of the year combined with lightness in spending. And we are going to be increasing costs nicely and consistently over the next three quarters. That said, its a little bit lighter than what we originally baked into our forecast just based on some of the softness we saw in Q1 and our ability to ramp up as quickly as we want to. So it is definitely a combination of the Q1 over performance and then extending that through the balance of the year, given the momentum weve seen, not only on the subscription part of the research business, but the non-subscription part of the research business, the strength we saw in bookings and backlog in the quarter allowed us to increase our consulting outlook. We increased our conferences outlook a little bit as well. So it was strength across the board. And Id say the other big thing is, obviously, getting through the first quarter gave us a lot more visibility into not only what happened in the rearview mirror during the first quarter, but the outlook as well and the combination of all those things gave us the confidence to increase the overall outlook for the year the way you see in our updated guidance.
Jeff Silber: Okay. Appreciate that. And if I could just switch back to Research, I know you talked about strength across all verticals. I wonder if you can give us some comments about geographies. Im just curious how the U.S. is doing versus the non-U.S., and if there is any international countries to call out either positively or negative, that would be great. Thanks.
Gene Hall: Yes, I mean, basically  go ahead, Craig.
Craig Safian: No, please. Go ahead. You got it.
Gene Hall: Yes, so the  what Id say is, the  we did well around the world. The U.S. was stronger than some other markets, and there are some markets, like you can imagine, India, which isnt big for us, but didnt grow as well. Europe didnt grow as fast as the U.S. So you think about kind of  it correlates pretty closely to how the pandemic is doing around the world.
Jeff Silber: Okay. Thats what I thought. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Gene, I just wanted to ask just on GBS again. Obviously, the growth was very impressive. I just wanted to really talk about the dynamic of the client count in GBS continue to decline. I was just hoping you could just talk about that again.
Gene Hall: So, Manav, are you asking about  just to clarify, are you asking about whats happened with the growth in the number of clients?
Manav Patnaik: Yes, I mean, the  youre selling obviously  it sounds as with the wallet retention maybe youre selling more of the existing plans, but that client count that you report keeps declining. So Im just curious whats happening there.
Craig Safian: Gene, yes. Ill...
Gene Hall: Yes. So  yes, go ahead.
Craig Safian: Good morning, Manav. Sorry. So I think a couple of things. One is, its down year-over-year, but weve actually seen nice sequential improvement, particularly from fourth quarter into Q1. If youll remember, Manav, the way we go to market in GBS is essentially by functional area. And so just because a client might be an HR client, weve got a team that goes in and then tries to convert the finance team and bring them honest clients. And so, we are able to generate really nice growth from existing enterprises because we may only have one function. As clients, we may have two, we may have three, we may have four, and it varies across the board. And so I think, the strength in GBS new business was a combination of new logo growth and expanding within existing client enterprises. But even, again, to understand our point, when we are expanding in client enterprises, it is often like a brand-new client, where they have gone from zero CV in finance, they become a finance client. And again, it wont increment up necessarily the client enterprise count. But again, we did see a nice sequential bump from 4Q into the first quarter and a large portion of that new business strength we saw in GBS in the first quarter could be attributed to brand-new logos.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. And Craig, just on the guidance, obviously, understandably given the COVID dynamics, youve gone through this kind of at least guidance number that you gave out there. And I just wanted to have you talk a little bit more about the increased visibility you talked about, but still perhaps what else is cloudy out there of the Events business? Just to try and gauge how conservative youre still being with these numbers?
Craig Safian: Sure, yes. So we actually converted to the at least pre pandemic. It gets associated with the it  with the pandemic, but we had actually converted to this way of guiding just prior to the pandemic. Yes, I think, we want to guide in ways that we feel that we are very confident that we will be able to achieve that guidance. And the way weve been updating our guidance each quarter over the last several quarters is we analyzed what happened in the most recent quarter. We utilized the enhanced visibility we have from a performance in that quarter and looking forward. And then we flow that through both our top line metrics and on the expense side as well. I think, in particular, we were a little cautious entering the year, particularly with thinking about the CV ramp, which drives the bulk of our  bulk of our revenue for the business. And we had a really strong first quarter from a CV ramp perspective. And the beauty of that is we had some benefit in the first quarter. But the reality is the bulk of that benefit flows through to the balance of the year as we recognize that revenue. And now weve got a view into Q2 pipeline and into Q3 pipeline as well. So we just have that advanced  enhanced visibility as well. And so again, I think, from a guidance perspective, these are numbers that, based on everything were seeing, based on most recent performance, based on the visibility that we have around subsequent quarters or quarters that are coming up, this is what we believe the business is going to perform at. And that hasnt really changed in terms of our, Id say, guidance philosophy or guidance methodology. So just given the volatility in the overall selling environment driven by the pandemic, driven by recessions, driven by other things. Obviously, the visibility does change or the facts that drive the visibility have been changing very rapidly quarter-to-quarter, and weve been adjusting on that each and every quarter since. And so from where we sit today, the updated guide, while it is significantly higher than what we had guided originally in the year, those are the numbers we feel very confident with.
Manav Patnaik: Alright. Thanks a lot, Craig.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is John filling in for Hamzah. Could you talk a bit about your current penetration level? I believe it sits around four to six seats across the enterprise. Where do you think it could go from here? Thanks.
Gene Hall: So great question, John. I mean the  we have two levels that were under-penetrated. One is just the number of enterprises that we have. As we talked about before, we have more than 100,000 enterprises that we target today. And so we have a large number of enterprises we can go after. And then secondly then, within each enterprise, we have a lot of opportunity for additional seats. And its a little different with GTS and GBS. With GTS, if you think about it as being within the technology organizations, those are large organizations, they are growing. And even among our existing clients, there is tremendous growth opportunities, we have products for, obviously, the C level, their direct reports and then on down through to their organization. And then if you look at GBS, then you have each of the functions, as Craig mentioned earlier, finance, marketing, sales, legal, etcetera. And each of those functions today, we have very, very low penetration in both enterprises, and we still have the same opportunity to add seats for each of those organizations as well. And many of those organizations are quite large, like you think about the sales organization, for example, our finance organization. There is just enormous opportunities there. And so the  whether its GTS or GBS, we have huge opportunities, both for additional enterprises, but also for individual seats within those enterprises, both directly reporting  the C level  reporting the C level and then throughout the organization.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you. Maybe could you just walk us through how sales trends progressed throughout the quarter from January, February and March? And then if you have any thoughts on April, did we accelerate throughout the quarter? Thanks.
Gene Hall: So what Id say is the selling environment improved throughout the quarter. In particular, I think, selling cycles became shorter throughout the quarter. And what most clients would say is that they got more visibility in terms of their own operations. And so knew better what kind of money  budget money they had and so I would sort of say the selling arm got better throughout the quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions. I will now turn the call back to Gene Hall for closing remarks.
Gene Hall: So summarizing todays call, Q1 was a strong quarter. We stated expectations across all three of our business segments: Research, Conferences, and Consulting. GBS delivered its first quarter of double-digit growth. And across GTS and GBS, we had very strong new business growth. Looking ahead, we are well positioned for success, for sustained success. And we have a vast addressable market, which will allow us to achieve double-digit contract value and revenue growth over the next 5 years and beyond. We expect to deliver modest EBITDA margin expansion going forward from a normalized 2021. We generate significant free cash flow in excess of net income, which we will continue to deploy through share repurchases and strategic tuck-in acquisitions. Thanks for joining us today and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-09 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Gartner's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Cohen, Gartner's GVP of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
David Cohen: Good morning, everyone. We appreciate your joining us today for Gartner's fourth quarter 2020 earnings call, and hope you are well. With me on the call today are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Chief Financial Officer. This call will include a discussion of fourth quarter 2020 financial results and Gartner's outlook for 2021 as disclosed in today's earnings release and earnings supplement both posted to our website, investor.gartner.com. Following comments by Gene and Craig, we will open up the call for your questions. We ask that you limit your questions to one and a follow-up. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, with the adjustments as described in our earnings release. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX neutral unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2020 foreign exchange rates unless stated otherwise. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now, I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Eugene Hall: Good morning and thanks for joining us. 2020 was an extraordinary year. The COVID-19 pandemic, global macroeconomic conditions, social unrest and geopolitical changes all pose significant challenges to enterprises around the world. In this context, Gartner delivered a strong performance across contract value, revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow. As many of you know, we entered 2020 with a financial plan to align costs with revenues. By executing this plan and taking swift cost actions when the pandemic first began, we quickly stabilized our financial position. We maintained disciplined cost management throughout the year over strong investments to support future growth. We successfully pivoted our global workforce to operate effectively in a remote environment. We grew our capability in key functions across our business. We drove strong operational execution and we were extremely agile in serving our clients. Pivoting our content to address critical contemporary issues, such as the pandemic, remote work environments, cost optimization and business continuity. We're well-positioned to spring back quickly as the macroeconomic environment improves. Our performance improved in Q4 compared to earlier in 2020. We delivered strong performances in GTS contract value, research revenues, EBITDA and free cash flow. Research is our largest and most profitable segment. It is a vast market opportunity across all sectors, sizes and geographies. Our Research segment serves executives and their teams across all major enterprise functions in every industry around the world. We are uniquely positioned to support leaders enterprise wide on hundreds of critically important topics. Topics with the highest interest during Q4 included data and analytics, cost optimization and talent management. Global technology sales or GTS serves leaders and their teams within IT. For the full year 2020, GTS contract value grew 4%. Our key underlying metrics have improved each quarter since Q2. Fourth quarter 2020 contract value from New logos was up from a year-ago, while capsules were about the same. Our existing clients continue to increase their spend, however, it was a slower pace than in 2019. This was the biggest factor impacting our growth in the quarter. Client engagement continue to be strong with both content and analyst interactions up 30% versus 2019. We saw strong performances across several regions and industries, including tech, retail and services. Some of the topics with the highest interest included digital transformation, application development, cloud management and the digital workplace. We expect GTS contract value growth to accelerate in 2021 and return to double-digit growth in the future. Global Business sales or GBS, serves leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, marketing, sales, legal and more. GBS contract value continue to perform well throughout the year with contract value growth of 7%. New business growth was a very strong 26% in the quarter driven by our GxL product line. The sales, finance and HR practices all ended Q4 with double-digit growth rates and all practices with the exception of marketing contributed to GBS's growth. Across our entire research business, we've practiced relentless execution of proven practices, and we're seeing the results of our efforts. Our research business is well-positioned to return to sustained double-digit growth over the medium term. Turning to conferences. As many of you know, our Conferences segment had great momentum coming out of 2019. It was hard hit in 2020 by the global pandemic. To replace our traditional in-person destination conferences, which were no longer possible in 2020, we pivoted to virtual conferences. The performance of these conferences exceeded our expectations in 2020. And now with several months experience under our belt, we've got a set of best practices that will continue to refine. Our value proposition for virtual conferences remains the same as for in-person conferences. We deliver extraordinarily valuable insights to an engaged and qualified audience. Beyond virtual conferences, operationally, we're preparing to return to in-person conferences in the second half of 2021. Gartner consulting is an extension of Gartner Research and helps clients execute their most strategic initiatives through deeper, extended project based work. Our Consulting segment was also impacted by the pandemic with revenues down 12% in Q4, and 5% for the full year 2020. Over the past several years, we've made great progress in our consulting business, and it will continue to serve as an important complement to our IT research business. Company-wide, we continue to strengthen our stance against racism and discrimination. We appointed a new leader of diversity, equity and inclusion. We established a center of excellence dedicated to improvement in this area. And we strengthened our employee resource groups, which helps remove barriers for diverse populations and support associate engagement. Sustainability is an important factor in how we manage our business. For example, we signed contracts for our Stanford headquarters and our U.K hub to be powered by 100% renewable energy. We will be eliminating single use plastics across our offices. And finally, we're benchmarking our environmental footprint and development programs to minimize it over time. Summarizing, we perform well in the context of a pandemic. Looking ahead, we are well-positioned for sustained growth. We expect to return to revenue growth in 2021 and are on track to return to double-digit CV and revenue growth thereafter. We expect to deliver 2021 EBITDA margins up 2019 and to further expand margins over time. We generate significant free cash flow in excess of net income, which will deploy to return capital to our shareholders through share repurchases, and make strategic tuck in acquisitions. With that, I'll hand the call over to Craig. Craig?
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene, and good morning. I hope everyone remains safe and well. Fourth quarter results were ahead of our expectations headlined by a strong performance in GBS, better-than-planned cost management and outstanding free cash flow generation. As our 2021 guidance highlights, we expect total revenue to increase versus 2020, while also positioning Gartner for return to strong growth. Looking out over the medium term, we continue to expect double-digit CV and revenue growth, modest margin expansion and strong free cash flow generation. Because we can fund growth investments we have ample capital to return to shareholders and to deploy to strategic tuck in acquisitions when we find the right opportunities. Our Board authorized an additional $300 million for repurchases bringing a total available to around $860 million. Reviewing our year-over-year financial performance for the full year 2020, total contract value increased 4%; total FX mutual revenue was down 3%; FX neutral adjusted EBITDA increased 20%; diluted adjusted EPS was a strong $4.89 and free cash flow was $819 million, up almost 100% from 2019. We did see some timing benefits, which I will discuss a bit later. Fourth quarter revenue was $1.1 billion, down 8% as reported and 9% FX neutral. Excluding Conferences, our revenues were up 2% year-over-year FX neutral. In addition, total contribution margin was 68%, up more than 580 basis points versus the prior year. EBITDA was $245 million, up 13% year-over-year and up 10% FX neutral. Adjusted EPS was $1.59 and free cash flow in the quarter was a robust $237 million. Research revenue in the fourth quarter grew 5% year-over-year as reported and 4% on an FX neutral basis. Fourth quarter research contribution margin was 72% benefiting in part from the temporary cost avoidance initiatives we put in place starting in the first quarter of 2020. So contract value grew 4% FX neutral to $3.6 billion at December 31. This was the highest contract value in Gartner history, a notable achievement and a challenging year. For the full year 2020, Research revenues increased by 7% both on a reported and FX neutral basis. The gross contribution margin was 72%, up about 240 basis points from the prior year. Global technology sales contract value at the end of the fourth quarter was $2.9 billion, up almost 4% versus the prior year. The selling environment continued to improve in the fourth quarter, but we are still seeing less upsell with existing clients than normal. Our clients are staying with us, but not adding as much incremental CV as we've historically seen, given the challenging economic environment. Moving forward, we expect win backs and a return to more expansion with existing clients to contribute to growth in 2021, consistent with our experience coming out of the last downturn. By industry, CV growth was led by technology, retail and services. While retention for GTS was 98% for the quarter, down about 600 basis points year-over-year, a majority of our industry group saw retention improved from the third quarter. GTS new business declined 5% versus last year, an improvement from both the second and third quarters. Our regular full set of metrics can be found in our earnings supplement. Global business sales contract value was $696 million at the end of the fourth quarter. That's about 20% of our total contract value. CV increased 7% year-over-year. CV growth was led by the health care and technology industries. The sales, finance and human resources practices all recorded double-digit CV growth for the year. All practices contributed to the 7% CV growth rate for GPBS with the exception of marketing, which was impacted by discontinued products. That said, our marketing business saw improving retention rates and a return to year-over-year new business growth in the fourth quarter. While retention for GBS was 101% for the quarter, down 43 basis points year-over-year. GBS new business was up 26% over last year, led by very strong growth in HR, finance and legal. As with GTS our regular full set of GBS metrics can be found in our earnings supplement. Overall, GBS continue to demonstrate its resilience and strength as we exited 2020. The Conferences segment was materially impacted by the global pandemic as you know. During the year, we pivoted to producing virtual conferences with a focus on maximizing the value we deliver for our clients. We held 13 virtual conferences in the fourth quarter. We also held a number of virtual Evanta meetings, shifting these one day local conferences online due to the pandemic. Conferences revenue for the quarter was $93 million. Contribution margin in the quarter was 78%. Our fast transition to virtual conferences has been positive for the overall business. As we discussed last quarter, virtual conferences offer significant value to our research clients and prospects. And while we've shown that we can run virtual conferences profitably, it is important to recognize the different economics associated with virtual versus in-person conferences. Similar to last quarter I'd highlight two primary differences. First, mix of revenue from attendees and exhibitors has essentially flipped. With the in-person format, approximately two-thirds of revenue comes from exhibitors, and one-third from attendees. In a virtual format, we've seen about two-thirds of revenue come from attendees. Second, the vast majority of our attendee revenue has continued to come from research contract entitlements, as opposed to incremental tickets. I'd also highlight that our fourth quarter destination conferences have historically been our largest, most profitable conferences. In 2020, we held our biggest most highly anticipated conferences of the year in the fourth quarter in a virtual format. For the full year 2020, revenue decreased by 75%, both on a reported and FX neutral basis. Gross contribution margin was 48%, down about 290 basis points from 2019 as we maintain some of our costs of service as well as SG&A despite the lower revenue. We did this to ensure we were in a position to execute our new virtual conferences, and to resume in-person conferences when it is safe and permitted. Lastly, the timing of receiving conference cancellation insurance claims remains uncertain, so we will not record any recoveries in excess of expenses incurred until the receipt of the insurance proceeds. Fourth quarter consulting revenues decreased by 10% year-over-year to $94 million dollars. On an FX neutral basis, revenues declined 12%. Consulting contribution margin was 26% in the fourth quarter, down about 160 basis points versus the prior year quarter due to lower contract optimization revenue, which usually flows through at high margins. Labor based revenues were $73 million, down 10% versus Q4 of last year or 12% on an FX neutral basis. Labor based billable headcount of 730 was down 10%. Utilization was 63%, up about 300 basis points year-over-year. Backlog at December 31 was $100 million, down 14% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis. Our backlog provides us with about 4 months of forward revenue coverage. Our contract optimization business was down 9% on a reported basis versus the prior year quarter. As we've detailed in the past, this part of the Consulting segment is highly variable. Full year Consulting revenue is down 4% on a reported basis and 5% on an FX neutral basis, and its gross contribution margin of 31% was up 68 basis points from 2019. SG&A decreased 6% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. SG&A as a percentage of revenue was up year-over-year as we restored certain compensation and benefit costs and had significantly less revenue from conferences. For the full year, SG&A decreased 3% on a reported and FX neutral basis. EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $245 million, up 13% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 10% FX neutral. As we have seen improvements in the macro environment, we have resumed growth spending and started to restore some of the compensation and benefit programs, which we've put on hold when the pandemic first hit. Fourth quarter EBITDA benefited from several factors. First, we've continued to maintain very strong cost discipline across the company. Second, we had better-than-planned revenue performance in research and conferences, which flowed through with very strong incremental margins. Third, we had planned for an increase in certain costs such as travel, which didn't materialize due to pandemic related shutdowns. And finally, we had been conservative in our implied fourth quarter guidance given the geopolitical uncertainty due in part two the U.S election, rising COVID counts and a still recovering global economy. Depreciation in the quarter was approximately $4.5 million from last year, including expense acceleration from facilities related charges. Amortization was down about $800,000 sequentially. Net interest expense, excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter was $26 million flat versus the fourth quarter of 2019. The Q4 adjusted tax rate which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income was 25% for the quarter. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was 28.4% in the quarter. The adjusted tax rate for the full year was 21%. Adjusted FPS in Q4 was $1.59. For the full year, adjusted EPS was $4.89. EPS growth for the year was 25%. Note that about $7 million of equity compensation expense, which we normally would have incurred in the fourth quarter has shifted into the first quarter of 2021. That was a benefit to fourth quarter adjusted EPS of about $0.07. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $260 million, compared to $83 million last year. The increase in operating cash flow was primarily driven by cost avoidance initiatives, improved collections and timing of tax payments. CapEx for the quarter was $23 million, down 57% year-over-year. Lower CapEx is largely a function of lower real estate expansion needs due to the pandemic. We defined free cash flow as cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. Free cash flow for the quarter was $237 million, which is up about 700% versus the prior year. Free cash flow as a percent of revenue or free cash flow margin was 20% on a rolling four quarter basis. continuing the improvement we've been making over the past few years. Free cash flow was well in excess of GAAP and adjusted net income. Adjusted for timing and one-time benefits, 2020 normalized free cash flow margin is around 13%. We had a fantastic year for free cash flow driven by the resiliency of the business, continued strong collections, disciplined cost and cash management and lower cash taxes and deferrals of certain tax payments. We took a number of actions in 2020 to further strengthen our balance sheet. We had two successful bond offerings and amended and extended our credit facility. We reduced our maturity risk and our annual interest expense will be lower starting in 2021. Our December 31 debt balance was $2 billion. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had about $1 billion of revolver capacity. Our reported gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA is about 2.5x.  At the end of the fourth quarter, we had $713 million of cash. We resumed our share repurchases after pausing earlier in the year, buying back $100 million in stock at an average price of $156 per share. The Board recently increased our share repurchase authorization by $300 million because we have significant capacity for buybacks from cash on hand and expected free cash flow. As of February 8, we have around $860 million available for open market repurchases. We expect the Board will refresh the repurchase authorization as needed going forward. We will deploy excess cash for share repurchases and strategic tuck in acquisitions. Before providing the 2021 guidance details, I want to discuss our base level assumptions and planning philosophy for 2021. For Research, most of our 2021 revenue is determined by our year end 2020 contract value. As we move through the year we will revisit the Research revenue outlook. For Conferences, our guidance is based on being 100% virtual for the full year. Operationally, we are planning to relaunch in-person one day events in the third quarter and in-person destination conferences starting in September. Our guidance includes fixed costs, primarily people and marketing related to both a full year of virtual and in-person conferences. We've excluded the variable costs, primarily venue related associated with the in-person conferences from our guidance. We've been able to run profitable virtual conferences in 2020 and that is reflected in our 2021 guidance. If we are able to run in-person conferences, we expect incremental upside to both our revenue and profitability for 2021. The economics in 2021, even in a partial in-person year, won't be fully back to normal. As we get closer to the go, no go decision point, we will provide additional insight to sizing the incremental revenue and profits. For Consulting revenues the compares get easier as we move through the year. We have more visibility into the first half based on the composition of our backlog and pipeline as usual. For expenses, we have planned for the full reinstatement of benefits that were either cancelled or deferred in 2020. This includes our annual merit increase and certain other benefits. We are also returning to growing our sales forces, with planned quota-bearing headcount growth in the high single digits for both GTS and GBS. We've also planned for several additional programs, including technology investments. The impact of most of these expense restorations or investments impact our P&L starting in the second quarter. As you know, travel expense was close to zero from April through December. Our current plans assume a modest ramp up in travel related expenses over the course of 2021. Most of this ramp is built into the second half of the year. If travel restrictions remain in place for longer than we've assumed, we'd see expense savings. Our guidance for 2021 is as follows. We expect Research revenue of at least $3.815 billion, which is growth of at least 5.9%. We expect Conferences revenue of at least $160 million, which is growth of at least 33%. We expect Consulting revenue of at least $390 million, which is growth of at least 3.6%. The result is an outlet for consolidated revenue of at least $4.365 billion, which is growth of 6.5%. Based on current foreign exchange rates and business mix, the consolidated growth includes an FX benefit of about 200 basis points. We expect full year adjusted EBITDA of at least $760 million, which is a decline of about 7% and reported margins of at least 17.4%. This is based on conferences running virtual only. We expect our full year 2021 adjusted net interest expense to be $102 million. We expect an adjusted tax rate of around 22% for 2021. We expect 2021 adjusted EPS of at least $4.10. For 2021, we expect free cash flow of at least $630 million. This is before any insurance proceeds related to 2020 conference cancellations. It is also important to note that we've revalued our contract value at current year FX rates which had a modest overall impact. Our 2020 ending contract value at 2021 FX rates is $2.9 billion for GTS and $706 million for GBS. Details were included in the appendix of the earnings supplement. All the details of our full year guidance are included on our Investor Relations site. Finally, we expect to deliver at least $200 million of EBITDA in Q1 of 2021. In summary, despite an unfavorable economic environment, we delivered better-than-planned financial results in 2020. We had outstanding free cash flow and strong EBITDA. We strengthened our balance sheet and move quickly to implement cost avoidance initiatives while still investing for future growth. While there is still uncertainty in the macro outlook, our contract value held up better than in the last downturn. We were able to launch and monetize virtual conferences and virtual Evanta meetings. We will continue with targeted investments and restoration of certain expenses to ensure we are well-positioned to rebound when the economy recovers. As I mentioned at the start of my remarks, looking out over the medium term, we continue to expect double digit CV and revenue growth, modest margin expansion and strong free cash flow generation. Because we can fund growth investments we have ample capital to return to shareholders through our buyback programs and to deploy to strategic tuck in acquisitions when we find the right opportunities. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeff Meuler with Baird. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Meuler: Yes, thank you. Good morning. On GTS upselling, I guess, how does it compare to the last downturn anything you're doing operationally different? And I guess any signs that having a higher penetration rate in terms of number of seats per average client coming out of this downturn could be a constraint?
Eugene Hall: Hey, Jeff its Gene. So compared to the last downturn, GTS, in fact the whole company, we took a lot of lessons from the last downturn in terms of operational execution. And we've been better all the way around in terms of operational execution. And so, I think that the -- in terms of every aspect of the business like it looks at new logo growth in Q4, that was very good. Even though, obviously, it's still a tough economic environment out there, et cetera. So I think basically, our operational execution is what that it was during the last downturn.
Craig Safian: And, Jeff, hey, good morning. It's Craig. The other thing I'd add is while we have increased the penetration since the last downturn, we still look at our penetration as sort of woefully under penetrated. Even in our existing enterprises, we're talking about on average four to six seats generally. And so we continue to believe there's an enormous opportunity to continue to penetrate existing enterprises.
Jeffrey Meuler: Got it. And another 
Eugene Hall: In fact, there's a lot of growth in existing -- go ahead, Jeff. I was just saying that there's a lot of growth in existing enterprise as well. It wasn't quite as much as in 2019, but still significant growth in existing enterprises.
Jeffrey Meuler: Got it. And then I guess that you're going to give us more financial outlook commentary on Conferences as we get to the second half and know if they're happening in-person or not. But just any framework for thinking about incremental margins as that returns? I know that your guidance is assuming that you don't have the variable facilities based cost to execute in-person conferences, but I think you still preserved quite a bit of SG&A. So not sure how much that -- of that extra return just if you can give us any framework on incremental margins as conferences come back to in-person at some point?
Craig Safian: Yes. Sure, Jeff. Happy to. And again, I mean, I think part of the challenge we have is, we hope we're in a situation where we're able to run a full in-person scenario in the second half of the year. It may vary depending on regions that opened up earlier than others, or certain restrictions that are in place. And so there's no easy yes or no answer here. The way we sort of think about it is, yes, you're right, we did maintain a team in conferences to be able to return to producing our fantastic in-person events, or conferences rather as soon as we can and that is baked into our base level guidance. Obviously, if we pivot to in-person, we generate a lot more revenue. The way we've thought about it in our modeling is it will flow through at historical incremental margin rates, roughly for conferences. And so if you look back to how our incremental margins flow through historically, that's what we're expecting as we make this pivot. Now the other thing I would mention is, as we do return to in-person and I mentioned this in my prepared remarks as well, we don't expect to fully return to the size and scale that we exited 2019 at. It's going to take a little bit of time to grow back and that obviously impacts the flow through economics as well.
Jeffrey Meuler: And I hope to see all of you at one of your in-person conferences later this year. Thanks, both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks very much. Just while we're on Conferences, wanted to ask you've had about 40% monetization versus in-person for the virtual conferences. Is that similar to what we should expect this year? Or is there a progression that you could get higher than that? And basically, in terms of exhibitors, is there any progress that you've made on getting exhibitors involved in the virtual format? And just basically, should we expect sort of a similar model for monetization of conferences this year, ex the in-person obviously.
Craig Safian: Hey, good morning, Toni. Thanks. Thanks for the question. In terms of the monetization, I would say we're still progressing on that, and I wouldn't anchor on that 40%. I think one thing to keep in mind is we did a really great job of very quickly pivoting and a great job of monetizing in the back half of this year. In the last 3 months of the year we ran our Global Symposium Series, which as you know, are typically and historically our largest, most profitable conferences. And we were actually -- we had significant pent up demand, if you will, from not being able to run conferences for the first several months of the year. I think -- so, again, we'll continue to refine our monetization and our ability to market to and sell incremental tickets to those virtual conferences. And so, again, we expect we'll get better and better at this as we move on. In terms of exhibitors, we did a decent job, I would argue, in the fourth quarter. While the revenue mix has shifted, as I mentioned, to being more attendee-driven, still a full third of our revenue was generated from exhibitors in the fourth quarter. And so I think similar to the attendee commentary I just gave you, we continue to get better and better at that as well by providing exhibitors the opportunity to meet with or get exposed to our highly qualified audience. And then on top of that, our attendees generally one of the things that they really put a lot of value on when they come to a conference is that exposure to the exhibitors as well. So I think both are works in process. We've gotten, as Gene mentioned, better and smarter at how we deliver it after each and every conference, and we will continue to refine that as we move forward.
Toni Kaplan: Great. And then in terms of GTS, how are you thinking about headcount growth strategy in '21? Will you start to ramp up ahead of demand or concurrent with demand? Just what are your thoughts on ramping that up? And are you still expecting 1Q to be the inflection point? Thanks.
Eugene Hall: Hey, Toni, it's Gene. So we are focused on long-term double-digit growth and headcount growth is an important part of that. And so as we go through '21, we expect to increase our headcount both in GTS and GBS not so much to impact '21, but really so we have the capacity in '22 to make sure we can hit very attractive growth rates in '22.
Craig Safian: And Toni, just on the phasing, I think because of what Gene just mentioned which this is really about seeding the investments for '22 and beyond, you won't necessarily see an inflection point in Q1. Like most of our cost restoration and cost investments, we're really turning these things on from Q2 and beyond. So it really impact the P&L Q2 and beyond.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gary Bisbee with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Gary Bisbee: Hey guys. Good morning. Great job on the results and outlook. Craig, I wanted to ask about free cash flow. The last two quarters I feel like you've been discussing that a little differently. Historically, it was sort of a conversion rate as a percent of adjusted earnings that we talked about, now you're talking about a free cash flow margin. And frankly, it's a lot higher, right, if we go back at that old metric than it used to be. So I'm trying to understand, what's really driving this significant improvement in your free cash flow generation? And is that 13% of revenue a good bogey going forward, because the guidance implies a higher level than that in 2021? Thank you.
Craig Safian: Yes. Good morning, Gary, and thanks for the comments and the question. So I think that, obviously, our business model is one that should generate significant amounts of free cash flow. And when we were in 2017 to 2019 timeframe, we were investing significantly both from operating P&L perspective and also from a CapEx perspective as we were dealing with all the growth. And we had some challenges with our collection pacing and DSOs and things of that nature as well. I think in 2020, we got everything back on track. And so we did a fantastic job on collections in 2020, especially in a really tough environment, which was great. And obviously that flowed through in 2020 and we expect to maintain that level of collection pacing moving forward. The other big factor I would say is CapEx. And so we had a significant amount of investment, as I mentioned, in capital expenditures, primarily behind facilities to support our very significant investment in growth and headcount. Obviously, we muted that in 2020. And our 2021 guidance assumes that we're going to run at roughly the same level of CapEx spending as we had in 2020. And I think moving forward, we can expect that to remain at roughly the levels that we are today, sort of in that percent of revenue range. So it will increase, but we don't see it going back to the roughly $150 million that we spent on it in 2018. So I think the combination of those two things and really getting the benefit of our upfront negative working capital model is what we're seeing flow through, and so we focused on it. We sort of straight from it for a year or two. We got real focus on it again, and we saw the benefits of that in 2020. Obviously, 2020 was sort of an extraordinary year with a lot of unique things in it. But you're right, our 2021 guidance for free cash flow margin, if you will, is even a little bit higher than that normalized rate that we saw in 2020. So we feel really good about the free cash flow generation capability and forecast and outlook moving forward.
Gary Bisbee: Great. And then just the other question, the other thing that really stood out to me was the 2021 margin a lot higher than what you indicated was likely a quarter ago. Obviously, revenue is trending better, and that's helpful. Is there anything else you would call out other than how the top-line is going? And I guess maybe as part of that, has your thinking progressed at all from last quarter around the potential for permanent cost reductions now that you've run the business through the pandemic? Thanks a lot.
Craig Safian: Yes, I think that's a smart observation. I think as we progress through -- let me back up for a second. So when we entered 2020, our operating plan was essentially, let's make sure 100% that we have revenue growth and cost growth in line and set ourselves up to then be able to modestly expand margins moving forward. I think as we progressed through 2020 with an eye toward cost discipline and cost management, we were able to flex on things that we didn't necessarily think were possible previously. And so I think as we look at our cost savings that we generated and cost avoidance that we generated in 2020, portions of that were permanent and we'll be able to yield the benefits of that moving forward. Portions of them were what I would characterize as semi-permanent will get smarter around the way we spend in the future based on what we learned in 2020, and some of them will come right back, right? So like the benefit stuff that we saved and our compensation and benefit savings in 2020, we're obviously bringing that back in 2021 and we think it's really important from an associate perspective to keep everyone motivated and running toward our goals. But there certainly are things that we definitely see permanent and/or semi-permanent savings from that we learned in 2020 that will be able to help us manage to that better margin outlook moving forward.
Gary Bisbee: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
George Tong: Hi, thanks. Good morning. On GTS you mentioned we won't see an inflection in CV in 1Q, but rather in 2Q and beyond if spending comes back. Since 2021 CV largely depends on the 2020 sales force headcount, what are the assumptions underlying sales force productivity as you move through 2021?
Craig Safian: Good morning, George. So the way to think about it is, we have invested in growing both our GTS and GBS sales forces over the past several years. Obviously, in 2020, we didn't do that. We actually paired down a little bit. We were able to work through a pretty large dense that we had built at the end of 2019. And so we feel really good about our capacity -- our sales capacity, our selling capacity entering 2021. And so we've got a significant amount of sellers in both GTS and GBS ready to go and tackle 2021. And so the way to think about the inflection and what we expect from a CV perspective is that, obviously, Q1 is the last, if you will, tough compare from a semi-normal environment and the compares to get easier in Q2 and beyond. So that's why we expect that inflection point from a CV growth perspective to sort of pivot upwards after Q1. I think there's a variety of different productivity scenarios you can run. If we're able to get back to 2019 levels of productivity, obviously, that would drive a really nice rebound and very significant contract value growth in 2021. But you can also get there getting somewhere in between where we finished 2020 and where we finished 2019. And so as we think about it, we believe that there is no reason why in the future, not necessarily in 2021, in the future, we can't get back to the productivity levels we were at pre-pandemic. It's going to take potentially a little bit of time to get there. But even if we glide up to that level, we can see a pretty nice rebound in the contract value growth for GTS over the course of both 2021 and into 2022.
George Tong: Very helpful. And then on GBS, in the quarter, you saw a significant upside there. Can you talk a little bit elaborate on what the sources of upside were and how you expect those sources of upside to persist into 2021?
Eugene Hall: Yes, it's Gene. I think the answer is that the clients and prospects see a lot of value in our offerings. We help -- we identify what their most important initiatives are and how they can execute them better. People have those challenges to address in good times and bad. And what we've seen is that the uptake from prospects and clients with the GBS products are really good, and that's because the value they see in them.
George Tong: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair. Your line is open.
Trevor Romeo: Hi. Good morning. You've actually got Trevor Romeo here in for Andrew. Thank you for taking my questions. First of all, just curious on GTS, if you could maybe give us an update on buying activity for clients that are kind of in some of the highly affected industries from the pandemic, like travel, hospitality, et cetera. And to what degree have you seen client win backs at this point? And how much opportunity do you see for further win backs in those areas in the future?
Eugene Hall: Yes, great question. So first, we -- even through the pandemic, we saw pretty good rates of buying -- renewal rates and buying from existing clients even in trouble industries. Not all clients were the same, some clients actually would go from five seats to four seats or something like that. And so we did see some of that. But overall, we saw a pretty good performance there. In terms of win backs, for the ones that did downgrade, and there obviously were some of those. Actually we are going to see win backs. And in fact, in Q4, particularly in December, we saw some win backs from some of the business we lost earlier in the year. As we go through '21, we would expect that to continue.
Trevor Romeo: Okay, great. Thank you. And then for my follow-up. Within GBS, in the marketing practice specifically, have you now lapped the shift away from those lower margin products that you're going through? And how would you expect that vertical to grow relative to the other practices within GBS in the future?
Eugene Hall: Yes, marketing has a same great value proposition that the other GBS practices have. And as you pointed out, we had some products that we discontinued, which has dragged the overall growth rate down. But if you look at the products that -- if you separate that out, which we did -- we can do internally, obviously, the products -- the new products are quite attractive and are selling well. In terms of whether we've lapped, we've not quite lapped it, but we've got -- we've discontinued most of those products. Some of the clients were in multi-years and some of those multi-years extended into 2021. And so it will take 2021 to get through all of it, but again, the majority we've already gotten through of those discontinued products.
Trevor Romeo: All right, great. Thank you very much for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Your line is open.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Just on the events business, you talked about the mix in attendees. I was just wondering if you could talk about Evanta, like the smaller events versus the bigger events, and perhaps you if there is a difference in profitability as well that you guys have assumed from virtual to in-person?
Craig Safian: Yes. Good morning, Manav. Happy to. So I think as we mentioned, we have pivoted to virtual in both our destination conference portfolio and in our one day Evanta portfolio. And if you look at Q4 as an example, historically, Evanta contributed about 20% to our overall conferences revenue. It was a little bit higher than that in Q4, but not significantly higher than that. So it's been a pretty consistent contributor. They actually were able to pivot a little sooner to virtual just given the size of the communities and the size of the events or the meetings that they run. And so again, we're very, very pleased with what we've been able to do from a monetization perspective on both Evanta one day meetings and the destination meetings. We do believe as we look at our 2021 calendar that we will be able to return to in-person Evanta meetings, perhaps a little bit sooner, really dependent on the geography and what is allowed or permitted in those geographies. But we do think given the size of them that we'll be able to return to them a little bit earlier. But many event we've focused or we've pivoted to really driving virtual value in absence of in-person value, clearly I think our members and exhibitors in that business are itching to get back to in-person value, but we expect Evanta to continue to be a really nice contributor to the overall conferences portfolio.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. Got it. And then if I could just ask on your comments around M&A, just firstly, just a quick clarification. How much did TOPO add to the GBS contract value this quarter? But broadly, do you see more opportunities like dislocation because of your smaller, I guess, targets maybe not being able to handle it like you guys did?
Eugene Hall: Yes, Manav. I'll take the non-TOPO question. In terms of the number of small companies, there are a lot of small innovative companies out there. We track many, many -- I think hundreds of companies who are looking for innovative ideas that we can add into our portfolio. And so when we see it as a core part of our strategy where we see small innovative companies and it makes sense to buy rather than build. Obviously, we can -- in the absence of that, we can do just fine with organically, but if we can see M&A opportunities that are accretive and help strategically, we will certainly do that. And Craig on [indiscernible].
Craig Safian: Hey, Manav -- yes, sure. Of course. I mean, actually TOPO CV was included in Q4 2019. So over the course of Q4 and the first three quarters of this year, it added about 60 basis points to the GBS growth rate. It's actually apples-to-apples in the Q4 numbers, so it didn't -- that's why you don't see any sort of dislocation really between the reported GBS rate and the organic rate given TOPO CV is in both balances.
Manav Patnaik: All right. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Henry Chien with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Henry Chien: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. So I guess, just looking forward relative to other cycles, any suggestion that there might be some change in terms of the incremental or the new demand coming forward in terms of CV growth whether that's by industries or just any change in the character [ph] of this recovery?
Eugene Hall: Yes. Henry, every recession is different. We've tracked carefully what our performance was last recession to see if there's things that are indicative. One thing is for sure, which is, we are operationally much better. As we went through the last recession, we sat down and figured out kind of the things that work the best and we made sure we ran those plays very early in this recession. Obviously, one big difference was that we literally couldn't hold conferences. In the last recession, you would hold conferences. People might have been restraining the travel expenses. You had less people going, but not -- but we would actually hold them. That's very different than this year. And so I think one big difference in terms of how it recovers is, Craig mentioned earlier, we're looking forward to being able to -- we will continue the virtual conference and we had, but we also think that there is value in in-person conferences and look forward to go into those as we -- as the economy recovers.
Henry Chien: Got it. Okay. Yes, I appreciate it. And I guess, just -- and in terms of perhaps contract value growth there or research growth, has there been any change or anything that you're expecting going forward in terms of just the -- yes, I guess, the characterizing the recovery?
Eugene Hall: I would say two things. One is that our -- again, because we are operationally better, I think the CV growth will hold up better than it did the last recession, it has been already. And I do think that for the ones that we -- for clients that did decide to buy four seats instead of five or maybe even discontinued altogether, just like the last recession, we will see some uptick from that. And so there will be some clients that come back to give us a boost as well over the next several months.
David Cohen: And Henry, the one thing I would add is, obviously, from a medium term outlook or medium term objective perspective, no change in how we're thinking about the market opportunity or our ability to grow both the GTS and GBS businesses at strong double-digit growth rates.
Henry Chien: Yes. Got it. All right. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Mario Cortellacci: Hi. This is Mario Cortellacci filling in for Hamzah. I just had a question on consulting. I wanted to see if you can give us a sense for what the sales cycle looks like for consulting today versus what it looked like a few months ago? And do you think a vaccine rollout changes that as we enter 2021?
Eugene Hall: Yes. I would say to your point, the consulting selling cycle is longer now. What many companies did is just in response to the downturn of pandemic is just stopped all outside spending, put a pause on it, which obviously increases your selling cycle, and we certainly saw that. I do think as both with the vaccine, but also as companies understand how stable their financial situation is, we will see that selling cycle start to come down a bit both -- from both of those factors.
Mario Cortellacci: Great. And then could you just also talk about how sustainable the -- I'm sorry, the sequential improvement in GBS is? And are you doing anything differently there? Is it a factor of your sales force being more tenured? Are you -- is there anything new in terms of products or is it just simply that things are getting better from an economy standpoint?
Eugene Hall: So GBS, like GTS, has an enormous untapped market opportunity. And we have products that provide great value to capture that market opportunity. That's what's driving the GBS improvement. And I think we're going to continue to see that acceleration over time for the same reason. The clients find a lot of value in the products. I do think that we introduced GxL products. It took time to -- for the sales force to figure out the value proposition expansion clients. And that's part of the reason we're seeing sort of the acceleration more recently. But I think at the heart of it is, drive market opportunity with products that provide tremendous value to our clients.
Mario Cortellacci: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And Im currently showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Gene Hall for closing remarks.
Eugene Hall: So as you heard today, Gartner delivered a strong performance in the context of what was a truly extraordinary year. We continue to have a vast and largely un-penetrated addressable market. The Gartner formula for sustained long-term growth continues to drive success in our research business. And looking ahead, we are well-positioned for sustained success. We will return to revenue growth in 2021. And beyond 2021, over the medium and long-term, we expect to return to sustained double-digit contract value and revenue growth. We expect to deliver EBITDA margins up from 2019 and to further expand margins over time. We generate significant free cash flow in excess of net income, which we'll deploy to return capital to our shareholders through share repurchases and to make strategic tuck-in acquisitions. And finally, we expect to come out of this recession strong and well positioned to drive long-term sustained double-digit growth for years to come. Thanks again for joining us, and I look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-03 07:50:00) =====
Disclaimer: *NEW* We are providing this transcript version in a raw, machine-assisted format and it is unaudited. Please reference the audio for any questions on the content. A standard transcript will be available later on the site per our normal procedure. Please enjoy this timely version in the interim.:
Operator: [00:00:01] Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Gartners third quarter 2020 earnings results conference call. At this time, all parties that the lines are on a listen only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question and answer session to ask a question during the session. You want me to press star one on your telephone? Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. If you require any further assistance, please. Press Star zero. I would not like to hand the conference over to your speaker today. David Cohen, Gardner's VP of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
David Cohen: [00:00:42] Good morning, everyone. We appreciate your joining us today for Gardner's third quarter Twenty twenty earnings call and I hope you are well, with me on the call today are Eugene Hall, Chief Executive Officer and Craig Safian, Chief Financial Officer is called included discussion of third quarter twenty twenty financial results and our updated outlook for twenty twenty as disclosed in today's earnings release. In addition to today's earnings release, they provided a detailed review of our financials and business metrics and earnings supplement for investors and analysts and posted the press release and the earnings supplement on our website. Investor Dot Dotcom following comments by. And we will open up the call for your questions. We ask that you limit your questions to one and a follow up on the call. Unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA. But the gentleman, as described in our earnings release, our growth rates in Gene's comments are neutral unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non gap numbers we use are available in the investor relations section of the Gartner dot com website. Finally, while contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on twenty twenty foreign exchange rates unless stated otherwise, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward looking statements. Forward looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's twenty 19 annual report. Information contained quarterly reports on Form Tinku, as well as in other filings with the SEC. Encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now I will turn the call over to Gardner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Eugene Hall: [00:02:16] Good morning. Welcome to a quarterly earnings call. Thanks for joining us. Business leaders need help in all times, but turn highly uncertain times like today. They need help more than ever. Those they know Gartner know we are the best source for how to survive and thrive in these difficult times. [00:02:34] Beginning in Q1, we made significant changes in response to the pandemic and economic downturn. Our strategy is to ensure our research content addresses the most critical priorities of our clients at any point in time. With the pandemic hit, the rate of change in the world increased dramatically. We responded with the agility. We accelerated the creation of new, highly relevant content for our clients across every function. Topics included adapting to covid-19, shifting to remote work, accelerating the transition to digital business, strengthening diversity, equity and inclusion across the enterprise, and more clients of highly valued this content. Addressing their mission critical priorities. Client engagement with our experts rose significantly. During Q3, client interactions increased more than 20 percent year over year to over one hundred and twenty thousand interactions. Gartner conferences deliver the same unparalleled insights and advice to those who want an immersive experience. So you told her to attend our conferences for free. Great value, which results in higher retention? Nancy toters equally received great value and are a great source of highly qualified leads for research. Salesforce. Once the pandemic hit, we pivoted to virtual conferences to replace our traditional in-person destination conferences. So far, we've delivered seven virtual conferences through October and the performance of these conferences has exceeded our expectations. IT Symposium Expo is our flagship conference series for senior executives. We recently held our IT symposium, America's Virtually. It was a resounding success. More than fifteen thousand executives attended and that's about double the number that attended Orlando Symposium in person last year. Attendees were highly engaged and participated in an average of 11 life sessions. [00:04:27] More than 80 percent of White Symposium Americas attendees at the conference is meeting or exceeding their expectations. Attendees tour for the keynote were on par with the in-person conferences from last year. Exhibitors are also an important element of our conferences. We've been working with them to create a great experience for both attendees and themselves. Exhibit revenues were lower when compared to our in-person conferences from last year. They exceeded our expectations. Early on, there was great uncertainty as to whether virtual conferences would be viable. The results of the seven virtual conferences we've held to date demonstrate we can achieve attendance while delivering high value to both attendees and exhibitors. We're early in the virtual conference jury in each one we felt has been better than the last we're learning organization. We'll continue to get even better by taking the experience from each conference and improving on the next, with eight more virtual conferences planned for twenty twenty and if we already have more than twenty one thousand attendees registered. So we were extremely agile in serving the needs of our clients by adapting our content and pivoting to virtual conferences, we were just as agile in adapting our operations for the new environment. We went from an in office to completely remote and we now have achieved the same level of operational. As we had in the office, we had early indecisively at the beginning of the pandemic to optimize our cost and prepare for a wide range of scenarios. We've achieved strong cost savings by working smarter, not just by getting by with less. For example, we've established specialized teams to handle some tasks, such as background research. [00:06:03] Previously, this was done individually, but all our experts, rather than specialized teams, the specialized teams do this research in fewer hours and often with higher quality because of the specialization. In addition, we have automated some of this work through technology such as web mining, which further lowers the cost increases. The overall quality to these changes didn't begin during the pandemic, but because the pandemic, we accelerated the pace. In addition to cost savings and operational efficiencies, we also took several steps to preserve liquidity and maintain financial strength. We now have a capital structure with less maturity risk and more flexibility. So we accelerated the creation of new, highly relevant content for our clients. Across every function, we successfully pivoted to virtual conferences which were well attended and delivered high value to our clients. Our clients are more engaged than ever beyond client engagement. We adapted our operations to work remotely, just as effectively as we do from our offices, and we combine this with early and decisive actions to optimize our cost structure and our balance sheet. The combination of these factors has resulted in improvements across most of our operational metrics compared to future improvement in our operational metrics. In turn as a result, and improvements in our two three financial metrics and guidance compared to Q2 revenue and EBITDA are performing better than we expected. And free cash flow generation is very strong. To provide more details on our financial performance and increased guidance now, turn the call over to our CFO, Craig Safian.
Craig Safian: [00:07:33] Thank you, Gene, and good morning. I hope everyone remains safe and well. Third quarter results were ahead of our expectations, and we raised our full year guidance to reflect the modestly better demand environment and strong cost management. We had another successful bond offering during the quarter and amended and extended our credit facility through two thousand twenty five as of September 30th. We have a stronger balance sheet than we did at the start of the year. We have significant liquidity, which gives us financial flexibility. We reduced our maturity risk and our annual interest expense will be lower starting in twenty twenty one. As we've gotten more clarity on the economy engaged our business performance over the past several months, we resumed targeted spending. While we continue to manage our costs carefully, we remain focused on positioning ourselves to rebound strongly as the economy recovers. Third quarter revenue was nine hundred ninety five million dollars, down one percent as reported and neutral. Excluding conferences, our revenues were up five percent year over year. Ethics neutral. In addition, contribution margin was sixty seven percent, up more than 300 basis points versus the prior year. EBITDA was one hundred and sixty eight dollars million of twenty percent year over year and nineteen percent effective neutral adjusted EPS was ninety one cents and free cash flow in the quarter was a very strong two hundred and twenty nine million dollars. [00:08:50] Research revenue in the third quarter grew six percent year over year on a reported and neutral basis. Third quarter research contribution margin was seventy two percent, benefiting in part from the temporary cost avoidance initiatives we put in place starting in the first quarter. As we have seen improvements in the macro environment, we have resumed growth spending and start to restore some of the compensation and benefit programs which we put on hold. When the pandemic first hit, total contract value was three point four dollars million at September 30th, representing eFax natural growth of five percent versus the prior year. Global technology sales contract value at the end of the third quarter was two point eight dollars billion, up five percent versus the prior year. The more challenging selling environment that began in March continue through the third quarter and had an impact on most of our reported metrics. Client retention for GTS was 80 percent, down about one hundred and sixty basis points year over year, but up modestly from last quarter, while retention for GTS was ninety nine percent for the quarter, down about six hundred basis points year over year. GTS new business declined seven percent versus last year we ended. The third quarter with Enterprise is down about three percent from last year. [00:09:57] The average contract value for enterprise continues to grow. It now stands at two hundred twenty seven thousand dollars for Enterprise, which GTS up nine percent year over year growth and KVI for Enterprise reflects the combination of sales, increased number of subscriptions and price. In addition, we continue to see higher churn among the lower spending clients. At the end of the third quarter, the number of quarter bearing associates and GTS was down about eight percent year over year. We expect to end Twenty twenty with more than thirty one hundred quarter bearing associates, a slight decline from the end of twenty nineteen. We entered this year with a large bench which we have now fully deployed for GTS the year over year and contract value increase or Nkkvi divided by the beginning period, quota bearing headcount was forty one thousand dollars per salesperson. Down about 60 percent versus the third quarter of last year, despite the challenging macro environment, GCD grew Gruene nearly all of our 10 largest countries and similar to last quarter was up double digits in Brazil, Japan, France and the Netherlands. KVI grew across all sectors except for transportation and media across our entire GTA sales team. We sold significant amounts of new business in the quarter to both existing and new clients. [00:11:08] New logos continue to be a significant contributor to our growth. Finally, despite some returning clients, we continue to see increased spending by retain clients on average, although not quite enough to offset dollar attrition. This speaks to the compelling client value proposition we offer is both strong and challenging economic environments. Overall retention and new business improved in the third quarter as compared to the second quarter global business sales contract volume six hundred fifty six dollars million at the end of the third quarter. That's about 20 percent of our total contract value. KVI growth was six percent year over year as reported, and five percent on an organic basis. KVI growth in the quarter was led by our supply chain and human resources teams. All practices positively contributed to the six percent growth rate for jobs. With the exception of marketing, GBS new business was strong of fourteen percent over last year. As we've discussed the last three quarters and the marketing practice, we are transitioning away from some lower margin products. This has created short term headwinds but is expected to improve profitability in a normal environment. GE Excel is now more than 50 percent of total contract value, an important milestone in the path to long term sustained double digit growth in GBS. Client retention for GBS was eighty two percent, up one hundred seventeen basis points year over year, while retention for GBS was ninety nine percent for the quarter, up 220 basis points year over year. [00:12:33] We ended the third quarter with kvass. Enterprise is down about nine percent from last year. As we continue to see churn of legacy clients, the average contract value for enterprise continues to grow. It now stands at one hundred forty thousand dollars per enterprise and GBS of sixteen percent year over year growth and CV for enterprise reflects also an increased number of subscriptions, penetration of new functional areas and price. Despite the pandemic, our retain clients are continuing to spend more with us every year, although not quite enough to offset attrition. At the end of the third quarter, the number of quarter bearing associates in GBS was down seven percent. Year over year. We expect to end twenty twenty with roughly flat headcount at the end of twenty nineteen in GBS. For GBS, the year over year contract value increase or NCBI divided by the beginning period quarter headcount was thirty eight thousand dollars per salesperson up from last year. Overall, GBS had a good third quarter, driven by a strong double digit year over year improvement in your business. As you know, the conferences segment has been materially impacted by the global pandemic. [00:13:38] We canceled all in person destination conferences for the remainder of Twenty twenty. We pivoted to producing virtual conferences with a focus on maximizing the value we deliver for our clients. We held two virtual conferences in the third quarter after producing pilots in the second quarter. We also held a number of virtual events, meetings, shifting these one day local conferences online. Due to the pandemic conferences, revenue for the quarter was 13 million dollars, a combination of the two virtual conferences and a number of virtual events and meetings. We are still in the early stages of all forms of virtual conferences, and we'll continue to leverage customer feedback as we develop, refine and grow our virtual conference offerings. The revenue mix of our virtual conferences is different from the mix, from in-person conferences. First, in Q3, our revenues were split between virtual conferences and virtual Advanta meetings with a higher mix from event and meetings than last year. Attendees revenue with virtual conferences is from two sources tickets that are purchased as a standalone item either online or for sales teams, or an entitlement associated with a broader research contract. [00:14:44] As we've detailed in the past, a small portion of many research contracts gets attributed to the conferences segment, the vast majority of the two, three and expected to four attendees. Revenue is from subscription contract entitlements. [00:14:57] These are entitlements which would have been applied to in-person conferences and twenty twenty or in some cases in thousand twenty one. We continue to refine our exhibitor offerings for virtual conferences. We expect you for exhibiter revenue to be a much smaller part of overall conferences revenue than in the past. We continue to incur costs both in cost of services and to support virtual conferences and to be in a position to resume in-person conferences when it is safe and permitted. [00:15:24] Lastly, the timing of receiving conference cancelation insurance claims remains uncertain, so we will not record any coverage in expenses incurred until the receipt of the insurance proceeds. Third quarter consulting revenues decreased by four percent year over year to eighty nine million dollars on an annual basis. Revenues declined six percent. Consulting contribution margin was thirty two percent in the third quarter of over 300 basis points versus the prior year quarter margins were up primarily due to cost reduction actions. Labor based revenues were seventy four million dollars, down five percent versus Q3 of last year, or six percent on an annual basis. Labor based global headcount of seven hundred thirty seven was down nine percent. Utilization was sixty percent of about three hundred basis points year over year. Backlog at September 30th was ninety six million dollars, down twelve percent year over year on an annual basis. Our backlog provides us with about four months of forward revenue coverage. As we discussed last quarter, we had a small workforce action consulting business to align our billable headcount with our revenue outlook for the balance of the year. Our contract optimization business was down three percent on a reported basis versus the prior year quarter. This compares to a seventy four percent growth rate in the third quarter last year. As we detailed in the past, this part of the consulting segment is highly variable. Stena increased two percent year over year and the third quarter and one percent on an annual basis as Gen as a percentage of revenue increased in the quarter as we restored certain compensation and benefits costs, EBITDA for the third quarter was one hundred and sixty eight dollars million of twenty percent year over year on a reported basis and a nineteen percent effective neutral. [00:17:04] As I mentioned earlier, we had stronger than expected topline performance and continue our disciplined focus on expenses. We also continue to see a meaningful benefit from significantly lower than normal travel costs. Depreciation in the quarter was up approximately two million dollars from last year, although flat with second quarter as a result of additional office space that had gone into service before the pandemic. IT amortization was about flat sequentially. Net interest expense, excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter was twenty nine million dollars, up from twenty two million dollars in the third quarter of twenty nineteen. Net interest expense is up because our interest rate swaps at higher fixed rates in the warrants which expired last year. The Q3 adjusted tax rate, which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income, was twenty percent for the quarter tax rate for the items used to adjust. That income was twenty six point four percent in the quarter. Adjusted EPS one, two, three was ninety one cents. Operating cash flow for the quarter was two hundred forty four million dollars, compared to two hundred twenty million dollars last year. [00:18:04] The increase in operating cash flow was primarily driven by cost avoidance initiatives, partially offset by an earlier interest payment due to the refinancing capex for the quarter was 15 million dollars now. Fifty nine percent year over year. Lower CapEx is largely a function of lower real estate expansion needs due to the pandemic. We define free cash flow as cash provided by operating activities. Less capital expenditures. Free cash flow for the quarter was two hundred twenty nine dollars million, which is up twenty five percent versus the prior year. This includes outflows of about 10 million dollars of acquisition, integration and other non-recurring items. Free cash flow as a percent of revenue or free cash flow margin was 15 percent on a rolling four quarter basis. Continuing the improvement we've been making over the past few years, free cash flow as a percent of net income was about two hundred eighty five percent. Free cash flow benefited from continued strong collections, combined with reductions in outflows from our cost avoidance initiatives, lower capital expenditures and lower cash taxes and deferrals of certain tax payments. While we've seen timing benefits to our free cash flow margin from significantly lower capex and our ability to defer certain tax payments, even excluding these LTM free cash flow margin is still up about 200 basis points versus the prior year. [00:19:18] During the quarter, we took advantage of historically attractive high yield bond pricing and issued eight hundred million dollars of new 10 year senior unsecured notes with a three point seventy five percent coupon. We use the proceeds from this new issuance to extinguish our two thousand twenty five bonds, which carry a five and an eight percent coupon. We also amended and extended our credit facility to September twenty twenty five with attractive financial terms, increased flexibility and fewer less restrictive covenants. The overall impact of the financing activities resulted in a 50 basis point reduction to total cost of borrowing. The combination of the capital markets activities in the past six months has extended our debt maturity profile to nearly eight years versus less than three years pre pandemic or September 30th. [00:20:01] That balance was two billion dollars. Our reported gross debt, trailing 12 month EBITDA is about two point five times our total modified net debt covenant. Leverage ratio was two point three times at the end of the third quarter, well within the five times covenant limit. At the end of the third quarter, we had five hundred and fifty four million dollars of cash. After pausing share repurchases at the start of the pandemic, we are in a position to resume our normal capital allocation programs. [00:20:28] Going forward, we will deploy excess cash for share repurchases and strategic tuck in acquisitions. At the end of the quarter, we had about one billion dollars of revolver capacity and have around six hundred and eighty million dollars. With meeting on our share repurchase authorization, we are updating our full year outlook to reflect Jeoffrey performance, a modestly better demand environment, including the successful launch of virtual conferences and cost restoration plans last quarter. When updating guidance, we were cautious because we had only been through one full quarter of the pandemic and we had two quarters remaining in the year with more experience, better performance and more visibility. You've updated our guidance. Accordingly, we now forecast research revenue of at least three point fifty seven dollars billion for the full year. This is growth of almost six percent versus twenty nineteen and reflects a continuation of third quarter new business and retention trends for the conferences segment. We are generating revenue from our virtual conferences. We now expect revenue one hundred and ten million dollars for the full year. This reflects our initial success in launching virtual conferences and virtual events meetings. The majority of the incremental revenue we expect in conferences is from entitlements included in some of our subscription contracts. As we discussed earlier, we now forecast consulting revenue of at least three hundred and seventy million dollars for the full year, or decline of about six percent. [00:21:47] The consulting outlook continues to contemplate a slowdown in labor based demand. The timing of revenue in the contract optimization business can be highly variable. As you know, overall, we expect consolidated revenue of at least four point zero five billion dollars. That's reported decline of about five percent versus twenty nineteen. Excluding conferences, we expect revenue growth of at least four point five percent versus twenty eighteen on a reported basis. The cost avoidance programs we put in place in March have allowed us to protect profitability and conserve cash. We started to resume certain spending late in the second quarter. As the operating environment appears to have at least stabilized. We want to ensure we are well positioned for an economic normalization. We expect full year adjusted EBITDA of at least seven hundred forty million dollars. That's full year margins of about eighteen point three percent, up from sixteen point one percent margins we had in twenty eighteen. We expect a full year twenty twenty net interest expense to be one hundred and six million dollars. We continue to expect an adjusted tax rate of around twenty two percent for Twenty twenty. [00:22:48] This doesn't apply a higher fourth quarter rate than we've seen throughout twenty twenty consistent with our experience in recent years, we expect twenty twenty adjusted EPS of at least four dollars and seven cents for Twenty twenty. We expect free cash flow of at least six hundred twenty five million dollars. Our free cash flow guidance reflects both the outlook we just discussed strong capex management and better than previously forecasted collections, all the details of our full year guidance are included on our investor relations site. In summary, despite a very uncertain economic environment, we delivered better than planned financial results in the third quarter, which has allowed us to update our full year outlook favorably. Most of our key operating metrics improved in the quarter, and we were able to successfully launch and monetize virtual conferences in virtual events and meetings. Cash flow was outstanding and we have taken a number of measures to increase our financial flexibility, reduce maturity risk and ensure we have ample liquidity. We will continue to balance cost avoidance programs with targeted investments and restoration of certain expenses to ensure we are well-positioned to rebound when the economy recovers. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator.
Operator: [00:24:00] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question, you want me to press star one on your telephone to withdraw your question, press the banking system by which we compile the Q&A roster. Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Miller from Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Meuler: [00:24:19] Yeah, thank you. Good morning. So I always find your sales productivity metric Nixey per beginning a little bit challenging during periods of a lot of acceleration or deceleration. One of the things that jumped out to me today was the year over year trends in new business. So relative to the year over year, trends in sales headcount for each of the segments, curious if you use that as an internal metric and then just what you kind of say above that trend and anything in how you're managing sales headcount between the zero CV folks and the people that have a book of existing business. Better understand that. Thanks.
Eugene Hall: [00:25:01] Asia-pac Jean, first, we definitely look at new business for salesperson as one of our key metrics, you know, of the day, the reason we look at MiFi for salesperson is because that would that would net result in growth. But we manage the pieces of it, which are retention of our clients. And the new business is we absolutely manage the business per salesperson. [00:25:22] And the trend there has been has improved significantly between Q2 and Q3 as the numbers you saw from Craig and anything you'd say in terms of how you're managing headcount, in terms of the zero contract value associates and those that have a book of business, like, are there any big shifts occurring among those? [00:25:44] So it varies depending on the specific market and we tailor to the market. And so in markets where we have not that much contract volume because it's relatively immature market, we have more business developers, people that have zero contract value accounts than in a much more mature market like the United States for, you know, especially for GTS, for jobs across the board. We have a lot more business developers because those markets are so relatively under penetrated. So you don't need as many people that are what we call account managers that have existing clients just because the business is so much smaller in each of the disciplines.
Jeffrey Meuler: [00:26:23] And then anything else you can say about what avoided costs are still left to be brought back? And in the past, you made some comments about expecting twenty one margins to be down year over year. Do you still expect them to be down relative to the implied margins from the prior guidance, or are we now using the baseline of this eighteen point one percent or three percent margin this year to be down from a similar question on free cash flow? Obviously, as you said, outstanding this year. Should that step back next year? Thanks.
Eugene Hall: [00:26:59] So let me just started again. Correct. And fill in. So, you know, prior to 20, we were going through an investment period. We were investing really to position GBS to have a great future growth. And we entered that investment period in twenty nineteen. We came into twenty twenty before the pandemic even hit, focused on improving our margins over time. And part of the reason margins are better in twenty twenty to twenty nineteen are is that we were already focusing on how do we get the return on the investments that we put in place over the previous three years. We're still going to focus on that going to the future. Having said that, there are some expenses in Twenty twenty that are lower than they might be in a normal year. And obvious example, my minus travel expenses, where we basically have very low travel expenses compared to a normal year. And I can imagine in once the pandemic is over, we can probably see in our travel expenses will be, I wouldn't say go back to where it was before I thing. We've learned how to work more efficiently, but it would be larger than it would be in a year like Twenty twenty and going on if you want to fill in.
Craig Safian: [00:28:06] Yeah. Good morning, Jeff. You know, the only two things I would add are that, you know, in terms of the cost avoidance, you know, we were very aggressive in the early days of the pandemic when we really didn't know what the outcome was going to look like. As we stabilized, we obviously started turning certain expenses back on, particularly related to compensation and benefits expenses for our associates, as well as backfilling ogen roles and actually shrinking, sparkling in a little bit of headcount growth in GTS and GBS sales forces. And so, you know, we were first focused on just making sure that we could preserve profitability. And then once we we had aligned to that or I said to that, we we started selectively turning certain expenses back on to Jean's point, Twenty twenty is hardly a normal year by any definition. And so, you know, the way we've been managing the business and again, we have been restoring a lot of costs in the back half of the year and we were able to get virtual conferences launched and monetized. That's obviously playing a large role in in the margin profile for for for Twenty twenty. You know, as we look forward, the way we sort of think about it from a medium term perspective is that we can absolutely drive double digit top line growth and modestly expand margins over at least the medium term. [00:29:46] We will expand margins from the twenty nineteen levels, which is our last normal year benchmark, if you will. And to the point he made, we are very committed to maintaining tight cost. Trolls like you've seen from us this year, we will have to turn certain things back on, but things like travel, we will have to travel more. We will have more expense there, but it will probably not run all the way back up to what we did in twenty nineteen. Similarly with facilities, you know, we've obviously had a lot of operational benefits this year from not having to heat and cool and run facilities as we've been working from home. Hopefully we will be back into service at some point and those expenses will come back. Although I will say that as we go forward, we probably won't need to expand our facilities footprint at the same pace that we did in the past. And so there's a lot of moving parts there. [00:30:45] But I think the key point is that over the medium term, we believe that we can drive double digit top line growth and modestly expand our margins.
Jeffrey Meuler: [00:30:56] Thank you, Bob.
Operator: [00:31:00] Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Toni Kaplan: [00:31:07] That's great. Thank you, Jeanne, you mentioned that a higher demand that you're seeing from clients who just dove a little bit more into that within research which regions have been strong, and basically when regions have either somewhat recovered from covid and start to open up, I'm thinking maybe China or even in the U.S. over the summer when when things were a little bit better, you know, how quickly can the business rebound or should we be viewing this more as a slow recovery? I just want to get some color on the strengthening demand that you mentioned. Thanks.
Eugene Hall: [00:31:47] Hi, Tony. I don't know I don't know how fast the pace of recovery will be, but we certainly saw meaningful improvements between, you know, Q2 and Q3 in terms of demand as the numbers that went through in terms of like new business and so forth. If you look at China, China is interesting because they have recovered relatively quickly, like the you know, the new business growth in most of Japan and China in China has been quite good in Japan. Same thing, actually. And so if the rest of the world kind of goes the way of China and Japan, then we'll have a relatively quick recovery for us.
Toni Kaplan: [00:32:26] That's great. And I wanted to ask also about the hiring strategy that Fred mentioned, the 30 100 expected by year end. In general, I guess, are you thinking about hiring a head of CV growth, turning around or in a little bit more of a wait and see kind of pattern? Just trying to understand on this strategy of hiring through the rest of the year and maybe through next year in terms of how you're thinking about it.
Craig Safian: [00:33:00] Yeah, Gruner, Salesforce is an important part of our growth strategy. And so over time, we expect to grow our sales force in kind of in line with our contract volume growth. And so that's kind of the long term strategy we came into this year. So at the end of last year, we added a substantial amount of headcount as we came into this year for to allow our growth during Twenty twenty. Now, obviously, the pandemic is that we haven't realized that gross. We actually have a lot of sales capacity that we think as the market improves, will give us a good uplift and then we're going to use that leverage that will also then grow our sales headcount. Do you think about in line with KB as we go forward to support future growth?
Eugene Hall: [00:33:40] One of the things I tell you is if you just think about the capacity we've invested in building over the last several years in both GTS and GBS is pretty substantial. And so with that selling capacity, again, if we can approach 2019 productivity levels or core back half the gap between where we are today and 2019 productivity levels, we could actually drive really nice CV growth just from that capacity. And as Jim mentioned, our strategy because of the market opportunity we have is to continue to grow the sales force, which we will do to grow, capture that opportunity. But again, we always look at the two levers to drive massive growth over the medium term or long term. It's growing sales headcount to capture the market opportunity and driving productivity improvements at the same time.
Toni Kaplan: [00:34:35] Thanks so much.
Operator: [00:34:39] Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee from Bank of America Securities. Your line is now open.
Gary Bisbee: [00:34:47] Hey, guys. Good morning. I guess I want to start by asking about the GB's contract value growth and, you know, new bookings, really no deceleration sequentially in the bookings were strong. Can you give us any more any more color on sort of what the key drivers are of where you really succeeding? And I know you didn't give the GSL breakout anymore, as you said you wouldn't. But, you know, if you when you look at those metrics, are you sort of past that inflection point where the vehicle is meaningfully enough, bigger that that's really, you know, the key driver for their growth that you're seeing.
Eugene Hall: [00:35:29] The Jekyll's clearly the key driver in DBS going forward. We think we cross the threshold of 10000 seats in GBS, which initially was a major, major milestone. The Geeveston business is being driven by the fact that, you know, what we talked about all along, basically in each of the functions around the business, the executives have mission-critical priorities they need help with and they see Gartner's people to help them in. Our sales were extremely effective at reaching out to prospects, explained how we can help and the prospects of responding. And that's fundamentally what's driving the new business growth. And in fact, the it's really we're seeing the benefit of it now, even with the pandemic. But we talked with earlier the investments we made over the last two or three years before Twenty twenty, it's really starting to get the power from all those investments in GBS.
Craig Safian: [00:36:20] And Gary, good morning. I would just add, you know, as I mentioned in my remarks just now, GSL now represents more than 50 percent of the contract value within GBS. So it really is a story going forward that is the predominant amount of contract value within the portfolio. And then the other nice thing I would add is that we're seeing really good contribution across the across the GBS practice portfolio. So it's not just a supply chain or it's not just the HRR. We're seeing a really good contribution in finance, in HRR, in supply chain and sales, et cetera. And so that it's not just one story, that it's across the portfolio.
Gary Bisbee: [00:37:06] And just as a follow up, if I can dig into a tiny bit more, you know, do you have is there any way to tell how much of the improvement there in the in the TV holding up quite well is sort of easy comps because you pushed so much change in over the last couple of years. So it's sort of the maturity of the sales force and and improved productivity. Is there more used to selling to yourself versus in market dynamics? And really what I'm trying to get at is that are those two factors strong enough to continue to, you know, continue to drive outperformance if if the economic environment does remain, you know, weak and choppy in the near term? Thank you.
Craig Safian: [00:37:49] Yeah, I'll start again if I if I may say. Can you fill in the blanks? No, I think that if you look back at the GBS performance, we really started to see a nice acceleration in the business in Q3 of last year. And so it's not the easiest compare we've had for sure. Know, I think there's definitely a benefit to having a more tenured sales force and having them have significant experience with selling the standard set of products we have. And so that is absolutely a benefit. But I really do believe and I echo what you said earlier, it's really about the value we're providing to the end users in each of these markets as opposed to an easy comp or more experience. And so those things help. But I think ultimately it's because we we provide a great value and help business leaders across each of those enterprise functions really solve and win on their mission critical priorities.
Eugene Hall: [00:38:53] And the idea is that the we also it took a while to roll out all the jerko products and then the sales teams had to learn how to sell those products. And so I think they're now getting to the good part of that curve.
Operator: [00:39:12] Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Nicholas from William Blair. Your line is now open.
Andrew Nicholas: [00:39:18] Hi, good morning. With a few more months under your belt and what I thought was a solid third quarter result, do you feel like you have a better sense for perhaps TV might trend over the next couple of quarters? And is there any change to how you're thinking about the potential trough in TV growth across both GTS and GBS, both in terms of timing and in magnitude?
Eugene Hall: [00:39:44] Good morning, Andrew. You know, with KVI being a rolling four quarter metric, we do still expect some deceleration in the contract value growth rate probably over the next quarter or two, predominantly because it's going up against a tough compare quarter and fourth quarter of last year. So if you look back at the fourth quarter of last year, you know, we've got significant growth and KVI in both teams and gas. And given the environment, our current estimate and extrapolating what we've seen in Q3 and March through the end of Q2 as well, we do not expect as much new business or similar renewal rates. And so we do expect some continued deceleration in the trough. As you think about it, just based on on on looking at it that way is probably Q1 of of next year. Again, we could outrun that if the economy improves significantly or if there is a vaccine and people go back to the office and everything like that. But we still remain cautious and are using really our last three months performance as a guide as we think about what Steve can do and and how we're building operational plans for the end of this year and for next year.
Andrew Nicholas: [00:41:14] Great. That's helpful. Thank you. And then just wanted to switch over to conferences. If I look at guidance or implied guidance for Q4, looks like you're going to about 80, 85 million of conference revenue versus about 218 or somewhere around there last year. If I do the math there, it looks like about 40 percent or so. I know there's two conferences versus last year, but I guess I'm just wondering, is that 40 percent number a reasonable ratio for us to use? And we're thinking about revenue for Twenty twenty one in the instance that that in-person conferences haven't returned? Or are there other factors that I'm not not thinking about that that I should.
Eugene Hall: [00:42:00] Yeah, it's hard it's hard to say, Andrew, predominantly because, you know, we have moved a number of conferences that we would have produced in person earlier in the year into the fourth quarter. And so we've obviously trimmed the portfolio and we've gone with a series of very important, very impactful conferences globally. And in addition, if you look at the Q4 implied guide, you have to also keep in mind that there's a hunk of event virtual meetings in there as well, which are pretty nice contributor to the to the overall number. You know, I think that as we roll into we're in the process of building out twenty, twenty one plans under a number of scenarios for four for next year. As Jean mentioned and I mentioned as well, we're getting better and smarter with each virtual conference that we actually deliver. And the next one gets better and better and better. And we're we're still really working on that exhibiter value proposition as well. [00:43:12] As I mentioned, you know, we expect exhibitor contribution in the fourth quarter to be significantly lower than what you would see historically. And obviously, we want to work really hard to improve that and deliver value to both our attendees from being exposed to the exhibitors and the exhibitors who get the corresponding value. So I wouldn't plug in a formula of 40 percent yet. We're still working through all those scenarios. And again, there are a number of different scenarios where we could be in person later in year, virtual beginning. There could be virtual all year long. You know, when we when we guide for for Twenty twenty one in February, we'll be very clear about what our assumptions include and will really be driven by what the environment allows us to do.
Andrew Nicholas: [00:44:02] Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: [00:44:06] Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jess Silber from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Silber: [00:44:14] Thanks so much. In your prepared remarks, you talked about some of the portion of the growth in both the PBS and GTZ was pricing related. I'm just curious what kind of price increases have been able to put through in terms of renewals and if there's been pressure or pushback from clients on that. Thanks.
Eugene Hall: [00:44:35] Hey, good morning, Jeff. So we for most of our most of the world we do are price increase in November. Actually, yesterday, the first day of November, as we went through the renewal cycle leading up to this November, obviously we were dealing with our our standard price increase. You know, in this environment, there was probably there's definitely a little bit more pushback than we historically say are our price increase. As you know, Ranges has ranged in the three to four percent range historically, and it's typically not big dollars for the client. And we are always improving our products and our experience this year, given the environment, we were a little more modest on the price increase going around, you know, between two and a half to three percent price increase again, which just went into effect. Now, you know, we generally our clients understand that we are improving the product each and every year. The people that deliver the service, their costs go up every year. And so, generally speaking, we haven't seen a ton of pushback on the pricing. But definitely in this environment, it's a little more challenging than what we normally see. But generally speaking, it's modest dollars that we're pushing through look great.
Jeffrey Silber: [00:46:04] That's helpful. If I could shift over to conferences in terms of the shift to hurtful, I'm just also wondering from a price perspective, what do you charge attendees relative to the in-person conference? I know there's some entitlements there and the same thing on the exhibiter side. I'm just curious on a relative basis what the delta. Thanks.
Eugene Hall: [00:46:25] If if you if you take a look at the you can see list pricing online, the pricing is about 40 percent of what we would get from an in-person conference ticket. So think about it in roughly that range in terms of the you know, if you're buying a cash ticket as a standalone item, again, either online or through one of our sales teams on the exhibiter side, as we've mentioned, it's still really early days and we're working through all that. And so there's really not an apples to apples comparison from an exhibitor perspective.
Jeffrey Silber: [00:47:07] Ok, thanks for the call.
Operator: [00:47:12] Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik from Berkeley. Your line is now open.
Manav Patnaik: [00:47:20] Thank you. Good morning. I was just hoping you could call it a maybe sticking to the plan, all in reaction to the Wal-Mart detention and the phone call about how much of that is in a number of seats being culpable for this to be a crime. And I knew we were going to see if you anticipate any problems, though.
Manav Patnaik: [00:47:52] I just started with it. So first, the biggest change in the world, children, was the our existing clients are buying fewer additional seats. And so it's actually less that people are reducing seats than it is in normal times. A substantial portion of growth comes from existing clients adding more seats. We see existing clients and particularly adding fewer seats, and they are still in seats with fewer seats than they would do in a normal year. And that's the biggest piece of the water retention rate. What do you think of that?
Craig Safian: [00:48:29] No, I think that's right again. And it's a combination and go into detail of this last quarter in Q2 and actually, you know, we rolled into Q3. Each of these measures actually improved. And so, you know, the point on fewer clients increasing or increasing at a lower rate, that trend continued into Q3, but it was definitely better than what we experienced in Q2. And the same could be said around clients that were reducing their spend. So we still saw that same happen in Q3, but it was much less pronounced than what we experienced in Q2.
Manav Patnaik: [00:49:13] And just on the events side, would you be willing to share what the advance to the Ground Zero expectation when we call that a big chunk of fourth quarter?
Craig Safian: [00:49:27] Yeah, I mean, historically, if you go back to the last normal year, we had eventa revenues were in the roughly 15 percent of total revenue range this year. Given what's happening, they're running closer to around a quarter of the conference revenue, just to put it in in rough perspective.
Operator: [00:49:55] Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Tom from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
George Tong: [00:50:02] Hi, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to drill into the demand environment, which you noted is stronger than you previously expected. Can you elaborate on which specific client segments you're seeing, the upside in gas and jobs and what specific macro or shutdown assumptions are embedded in your full year guidance?
Eugene Hall: [00:50:21] So you've started on it, mentioned in his remarks that in GTA seed grew and nearly all of our 10 largest countries was up double digits in Brazil, Japan, France and the Netherlands. And KVI grew across all sectors except for transportation and media, and it grew across every size enterprise. And so that kind of gives you a flavor for for GTA in GBS, we found we had growth, basically contributions from all the practice areas, meaning like H.R., Supply-Chain, sales, et cetera, except marketing. [00:50:55] As Craig mentioned his remarks, the marketing piece, we have some products that were just continuing which pulled that piece down, but the rest is quite strong.
Craig Safian: [00:51:04] And George, you know, in terms of the outlook, you know, it's been choppy all along. It varies by region and geography in terms of lockdown's and relock downs and and things of that nature. [00:51:22] And so, you know, we've the good news for for a business like ours is the hunk of the revenue on the research line is is baked based on where we finished Q3. [00:51:37] And so, you know, the guy doesn't really doesn't get impacted all that significantly from whether, you know, there are new lockdown's or otherwise. Obviously, you know, it could have an impact on next year. But I think our sales teams are really focused on working through this. They've proven they can work through it in a lockdown or non lockdown environment. And we'll just continue working through the the selling cycles and renewal cycles as we close the year to the book as much and KVI and as much contract value growth is as possible.
Eugene Hall: [00:52:11] With regard to Lockdown's, we've you know, with our sales teams, we've had a discussion on what impact does it have, like in certain European countries. Now they're going back to Stronger Lockdown's. At least our sales team's perspective on it is that both we and our clients have learned to work in a lockdown environment and they don't anticipate the increased lockdowns you're seeing like in Europe having an impact on our bookings. So time will tell. But that's the sales change perspective.
George Tong: [00:52:38] That's helpful. You're going to have full year EBITDA margins of slightly over 18 percent. That's up from 16 percent last year. Can you discuss how incremental margins may trend over the next two to four quarters as some of your costs, like TTN sales force hiring, come back?
Craig Safian: [00:52:57] Yeah, it's a lot of it will be dependent on where we finish this year from a contract value growth perspective. And that has a pretty material or very material impact on the revenue run out for four for next year. You know, we have started to restore a lot of expenses related to compensation and benefits which continue to run consistently. And so there won't be a hurt or should be significant one time hurt when we put those those back on know, I think, you know, we'll obviously provide full color on on Twenty twenty one guidance in February when when when we get there. But for now, you know, we're just really focused on making sure that we we finish the year strong. You know, obviously, we have been able to take up our guidance on just about every count, you know, pretty, pretty nicely. And teams are just focused on making sure we finish the year strong and we'll we'll address what the internal margins look like and what the overall outlook looks like in February in Georgia.
Eugene Hall: [00:54:12] I'd add that, you know, we made a bunch of investments coming into twenty twenty and, you know, sort of the 17, 18, 19 period and 19 margins reflected that we came into at Twenty twenty focused on getting a return on those investments and having tight cost controls. And we expect to keep getting return on those investments over the next few years, as I mentioned earlier. And we intend to keep a tight cost controls as well. And so we're very focused on managing our margins in future years as well.
George Tong: [00:54:43] Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: [00:54:47] Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Hans Mazari from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Hamzah Mazari: [00:54:54] Hey, good morning. My my first question is just on sales force productivity. Maybe if you could just talk about, you know, getting back to 2019 levels on productivity, what what sort of under your control, what's what's not under your control and what kind of timeframe is realistic to get there? I know you're talked about KVI crossing in Q1, so maybe you could just give you best guess. And, you know, one sales force productivity across.
Craig Safian: [00:55:26] So it's hard to forecast exactly when sales first person is going to drop as we come to to the call. We've certainly seen this year between Q2 and Q3 and improving all the kind of underlying all the underlying operational metrics that drive sales productivity. I talked about one of them, one client engagement, which ultimately drives retention and new business performed better than in Q3 than in Q2. And so those are things that are going to kind of drive it over time. I think we are learning how to sell in the pandemic has a factor. And so that will continue to get better. They also obviously, the more companies that go out of business and can't buy our products because of business, that has an impact on our productivity as well. So it's those kinds of factors.
Eugene Hall: [00:56:11] And as I would just add that, you know, it's going to really correlate very, very tightly to CV growth. And so, you know, again, it's sort of an output of CV growth or, you know, if you're running back the other way and input into the overall CV growth. But given that we have gotten disciplined, much more disciplined around the headcount growth and headcount vestments and Jean's point, getting yield on those investments and that we'll start having quote unquote easier compares in Q2, you know, the CV growth trough and the productivity growth trough should be on guard at very helpful.
Hamzah Mazari: [00:56:54] And just my follow up question is just two quick ones. One is the territory optimization kind of kind of behind you was sort of an ongoing process. And then just on the research side, anything to call out on the non subscription piece, how that trended? I know it's small at 10 percent or so of research, but just on those two points, anything to Asia-Pac. Thanks so much.
Eugene Hall: [00:57:21] Yeah, the church randomization is really important to us because different territories have different structural characteristics that make them better or worse, a kind of simple and it varies over time. A simple example is a territory selling to restaurants in this state today doesn't have as much upside potential as a territory selling to tech companies. And so we real time shift our territories around to the territories that are away from the ones that are potentially the ones that have a lot of more potential. So it's not a one time thing if we just implemented kind of the most sophisticated versions of our church we're planning this year. And it's something we're going into an ongoing basis as the economy around us changes. And it's an important driver of sales productivity.
Craig Safian: [00:58:06] And then on the non subspecialties, the it's actually holding up pretty well. It was down three percent year over year in the quarter, which is better than we had initially forecasted. So the answer to your point, relatively small things, but it's holding up better than we had initially thought, down three percent year over year.
Hamzah Mazari: [00:58:28] Great. Thank you.
Operator: [00:58:32] Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Frank Williams from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Jake Williams: [00:58:38] Thank you and good morning, everyone. Can you share some of the lessons that you've learned from hosting virtual conferences so far? And if you think there are any opportunities to expand the reach or the breadth of future conferences through a hybrid, in-person virtual model.
Eugene Hall: [00:59:01] Hey, Jeanne, so we've heard a lot of lessons, personal conferences, as Craig mentioned, we started with some pilots in Q2 and then have held our our virtual equivalents that were large of our larger conferences this year. Same thing is true, actually, of the events of conferences in the past, were in person, in person, and now are all virtual. And we've learned things about like what technologies to use. Some technologies work better than others. And each time we have, you know, things didn't work as well as we planned, we fix those technology problems. We've been experiment with things like how long each session should be, you know, because in a virtual environment, people on different session lengths. We experimented with how long the conference itself should be. Should it be two days, four days for the for the longer conferences and getting customer feedback or tweaking the length of the conferences. The content is pretty much the same and production values are very similar if you go to any of our conferences. And that has worked pretty well. So those are kind of the key learnings, I'd say. And in terms of opportunity, expand. You know, the way we're looking at it is if there's demand going forward, when in person conferences return, if there's still demand for personal promises, we're going to be really well positioned to do that. And we will certainly do it if demand is there. And my what I believe is demand will be there, but we're going to be flexible based on what the market says.
Jake Williams: [01:00:22] Thank you very much.
Operator: [01:00:26] Thank you. At this time, I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Paul for closing remarks.
Eugene Hall: [01:00:35] So summarize what you heard in today's call. We accelerated the creation of new, highly relevant content for our clients. Across every function, we successfully pivoted to virtual conferences which were well attended and delivered high value to our clients. Our clients are more engaged than ever. The client engagement. We adapted our operations to work remotely, just effectively, as we did from our offices, and we combined this early, decisive actions to optimize our cost structure. The combination of these factors has resulted in improvements across most of our operational metrics compared to the improvement in our operational metrics. In turn, has resulted improvement in our Q3 financial metrics and guidance compared to Q2 revenue and even performed better than we expected in free cash flow generation is very strong. Thanks for joining us and I look forward to updating you again later in the New Year. [01:01:24] Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now just.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-04 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Gartner Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference may be recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Cohen, GVP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Cohen: Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for Gartner's second quarter 2020 earnings call, and hope you are well. Joining me today on the call are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Chief Financial Officer. The call will include a discussion of second quarter 2020 financial results and our updated outlook for 2020 as disclosed in today's earnings release. In addition to today's earnings release, we have provided a detailed review of our financials and business metrics and an earnings supplement for investors and analysts. We have posted the press release and the earnings supplement on our website, investor.gartner.com.  Following comments by Gene and Craig, we will open up the call for your questions. We ask that you limit your questions to one and a follow-up.  On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, with the adjustments as described in our earnings release. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX neutral unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2020 foreign exchange rates unless stated otherwise. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2019 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. We encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now, I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Eugene Hall: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. The COVID-19 pandemic will have a permanent and dramatic impact on business, leadership and society. Leaders face more simultaneous challenges than ever before  health and safety risks, sustained macroeconomic dislocations, shifting customer expectations, regulatory changes, combating racism and strengthening social justice, cybersecurity risks and more. Gartner is the best source of the timely and relevant insights, advice and tools that empower leaders across every major enterprise function to achieve success with their mission critical priorities.  With our forward-looking research and our ability to be agile in supporting our clients through ongoing uncertainty, demand for analyst interactions is up almost 30% year-over-year. Clients and non-clients alike continue to leverage our Coronavirus Resource Center as we plan for the reset.  With the challenging macroeconomic conditions, we're seeing an uptick in leaders accessing our cost optimization content. And with the ongoing fight for social justice, we're seeing significant engagement with our diversity, equity and inclusion resource center. This resource center aggregates much of our broadly relevant HR insights on diversity, inclusion and engagement, along with critical tools and webinars and makes them publicly accessible.  We recently reinforced our own commitment to diversity, inclusion and social equity. Consistent with our research advice to clients, we increased the level of programming engagement of our employee resource groups  women, pride, mosaic, and veterans at Gartner.  We reinstated our charity match program to empower our associates to have even greater impact through the organizations they choose. We established a cross functional executive council on diversity and inclusion and we published our corporate social responsibility report outlying actions we've taken to improve our operations and support our clients.  Gartner remains strong as we continue navigating global uncertainties. Our second quarter results reflect our unique value proposition across all major functions of the enterprise.  I'll share a few highlights and Craig will give you the full details in a moment. For the second quarter of 2020, total revenues were down 8% year-over-year. However, excluding the impact of our Conferences business, revenues were up 6% year-over-year, and we drew improvements in EBITDA and free cash flow was up 71%.  We continue to calibrate our cost reduction programs. We strategically paused spending in March to protect profitability and conserve cash. We've restored some of the spend in targeted areas. We remain committed to full-year margins of at least 16.1%.  Research, our largest and most profitable segment, is the core of our value proposition. We continue to make a significant global impact through our Research business.  Total Research revenues were up 8% over this time last year. And while the selling front remains challenging, we did see modestly better trends in June than in the first two months of the quarter. Global technology sales, or GTS, serves leaders and their teams within IT. GTS represents more than 80% of our total Research contract value. Global business sales, or GPS, serves leaders and their teams beyond IT, including HR, finance, legal, sales, supply chain, marketing and more. GBS represents about 20% of our total Research contract value. In the second quarter 2020, both GTS and GBS drove similar contract value growth performances of around 7%. In GTS, we saw strong performances across many regions and sectors, including countries in Asia, Latin America and Europe and industries including retail, services and technology. In GBS, year-over-year contract value was up across every practice area except marketing.  As I mentioned last quarter, our Conferences segment was significantly impacted by COVID-19. Because of government mandates and health concerns, we were unable to hold any destination conferences during Q2.  To prioritize the health and safety of our attendees, partners and associates, we have decided to cancel our in-person conferences for the remainder of 2020 and pivot a subset of these conferences to a virtual format.  Gartner Virtual Conferences will provide attendees a flexible way to gain unparalleled insights and advice and accelerate their learning without the need to travel. We'll monetize these conferences as we perfect the virtual format. Look to the long term, we expect the future as a combination of in-person and virtual conferences. We continue to expect Conferences will be an important contributor to our overall business.  Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research and provides clients with a deeper level of involvement through extended project based work to help them execute their most strategic initiatives.  Consulting revenues were down year-over-year in Q2, but we had strong results in contract optimization.  In summary, we continue to have a strong value proposition across all major enterprise functions. Our clients are facing more disruptive change than ever before. And Gartner is the best source for the cost effective, relevant insights that will empower leaders to succeed amid ongoing uncertainty.  We continue to have a vast untapped market opportunity. We know the right things to do to capture that opportunity in thriving or uncertain times.  Looking ahead, we expect to come out of this recession strong and well positioned to drive long term, sustained, double-digit growth in revenues, earnings and free cash flow for years to come.  With that, I'll hand the call over to our CFO, Craig Safian. 
Craig Safian : Thank you, Gene. And good morning, everyone. I hope everyone remains safe and well.  Second quarter results were ahead of our expectations due to a modestly better demand environment and strong cost management execution. We had a successful bond offering during the quarter which allowed us to reduce maturity risk without increasing our annual cash interest costs this year.  As we've gotten more clarity on the economy and gauged our business performance over the past several months, we've resumed backfilling roles and making selective growth hires. While we continue to manage our costs carefully, we remain focused on positioning ourselves to rebound strongly when the economy recovers.  Second quarter revenue was $973 million, down 9% as reported and down 8% FX neutral. Excluding Conferences, our revenues were up 6% year-over-year FX neutral.  In addition, contribution margin was 67%, up more than 300 basis points versus the prior year. EBITDA was $192 million, up 4% year-over-year and up 6% FX neutral. Adjusted EPS was $1.20 cents and free cash flow in the quarter was a very strong $322 million. Research revenue in the second quarter grew 6% year-over-year on a reported basis and 8% on an FX neutral basis. Second quarter research contribution margin was 72%, benefiting in part from the temporary cost avoidance initiatives we put in place last quarter. As the macroenvironment improves, we will take a balanced approach to resuming growth spending and incenting our associates who are the core of our business.  Total contract value was $3.4 billion at June 30, representing FX neutral growth of 7% versus the prior year. Global technology sales contract value at the end of the second quarter was $2.8 billion, up 7% versus the prior year.  The more challenging selling environment that began in March continued in the second quarter and had an impact on most of our reported metrics.  Client retention for GTS was 80%, down about 260 basis points year-over-year, while retention for GTS was 100% for the quarter, down about 470 basis points year-over-year. GTS new business declined 14% versus last year. We ended the second quarter with 12,381 GTS enterprises, down slightly from last year.  The average contract value per enterprise continues to grow. It now stands at $223,000 per enterprise in GTS, up 10% year-over-year. Growth and CV per enterprise reflects the combination of upsell, increased number of subscriptions and price.  At the end of the second quarter, we had 3,089 quota-bearing associates in GTS or a decline of 4% year-over-year. We expect to end 2020 with more than 3,100 quota-bearing associates, a slight decline from the end of 2019. We entered this year with a large bench which we have now fully deployed.  For GTS, the year-over-year net contract value increase, or NCVI, divided by the beginning period quota-bearing headcount was $58,000 per salesperson, down 48% versus the second quarter of last year. Despite the challenging macroenvironment, GTS CV grew in nearly all of our 10 largest countries and was up double digits in Brazil, Japan, France and the Netherlands. CV grew across all sectors except for transportation, which was down modestly.  The smallest enterprises we serve saw double-digit CV growth through the strong efforts of our mid-sized enterprise sales teams. Across our entire GTS sales team, we sold significant amounts of new business in the quarter, to both existing and new clients. New logos continued to be a significant contributor to our CV growth.  Finally, despite some net churn in clients, we continue to see increased spending by retained clients on average. This speaks to the compelling client value proposition we offer in both strong and challenging economic environments.  Global business sales contract value was $643 million at the end of the second quarter. That's about 20% of our total contract value. CV growth was 7% year-over-year as reported and 6% on an organic basis. CV growth in the quarter was led by supply chain and the human resources practice. All practices positively contributed to the 7% CV growth rate for GBS, with the exception of marketing. GxL CV grew 40% to $319 million and legacy CV declined 14% year-over-year to $324 million. Total GBS new business was $36 million in the quarter, down 8%. However, we saw strong new business in our finance and sales practices.  As we've discussed the last two quarters, in the marketing practice, we are transitioning away from some lower margin products. This has created short-term headwinds, but is expected to improve profitability in a normal environment. Because GxL will comprise the majority of GBS CV, starting next quarter, we will be reporting total GBS only. In the second quarter, total GxL new business was $31 million, while legacy new business was $5 million. Also in the second quarter, GxL attrition was $19 million and legacy attrition was $20 million. GxL retention performance year-over-year was consistent with GTS. Client retention for GBS was 83%, up about 170 basis points year-over-year, while retention for GBS was 100% for the quarter, up about 520 basis points year-over-year. We ended the second quarter with 4,789 GBS enterprises, down about 7% from last year. The average contract value per enterprise continues to grow. It now stands at $134,000 per enterprise in GBS, up 15% year-over-year.  Growth in CV per enterprise reflects upsell and increased number of subscriptions and price. Despite the pandemic, our retained clients are continuing to spend more with us every year.  At the end of the second quarter, we had 834 quota-bearing associates of GBS, down 9% year-over-year. Headcount was down sequentially and year-over-year as we optimized our territories and then temporarily froze hiring as part of our cost avoidance program. We now expect to end 2020 with roughly flat headcount to the end of 2019 in GBS. For GBS, the year-over-year net contract value increase, or NCVI, divided by the beginning-period quota-bearing headcount was $43,000 per salesperson, up from last year.  As you know, the Conferences segment has been materially impacted by the global pandemic. We have canceled all destination conferences for the remainder of 2020. We are pivoting to producing virtual conferences with a focus on maximizing the value we deliver for our clients. We held three virtual conferences in the second quarter, which were used as pilots for the rest of the year. We also held a number of our one-day local conferences with a virtual format.  We expect our local conferences business to rebound faster than the destination conferences given the smaller size of the gatherings, no need for travel and strong relationships and sense of community among the participants.  With the cancellation of the fourth quarter destination conferences, unfortunately, we had to reduce the number of associates in the business. We continue to incur costs both in cost of services and SG&A to support the virtual conferences and to be in a position to resume in-person conferences when it is safe and permitted. The second quarter is a reasonable run rate for how to think about conferences costs for the rest of the year.  I also wanted to provide you with an update on potential termination or sunk costs on canceled conferences as well as situation with our event cancellation insurance. We expect to recover the majority of sunk and potential termination costs for future conferences through either force majeure clauses in our vendor contracts, other arrangements with vendors or event cancellation insurance claims.  Timing of receiving insurance claims is uncertain, so we will not record any recoveries in excess of expenses incurred until the receipt of the insurance proceeds. Our guidance for 2020 continues to assume no conferences will be held for the remainder of the year.  Second quarter consulting revenues decreased by 6% year-over-year to $97 million. On an FX neutral basis, revenues declined 5%. Consulting contribution margin was 34% in the second quarter, up over 130 basis points versus the prior-year quarter. Margins were up due to favorable mix and cost reduction actions.  Labor base revenues were $69 million, down 13% versus Q2 of last year or 12% on an FX neutral basis. Labor base billable headcount of 796 was up 3%. Utilization was 59%.  Backlog at June 30 was $99 million, down 10% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis. Our backlog provides us with about four-and-a-half months of forward revenue coverage.  We had a small workforce action in the Consulting business in the second quarter to better align our billable headcount with our revenue outlook for the balance of the year.  Our Consulting business is seeing demand in three broad areas  digital, cost optimization, and data and analytics. Demand in digital spans several areas, including digital strategy, digital talent and digital workplace. Cost optimization also spans several areas such as sourcing and vendor management, infrastructure and operations, and application rationalization.  Our contract optimization business, which is a part of our broader cost optimization offerings, had a strong quarter. Revenues were up 17% on a reported basis versus the prior-year quarter. As we've detailed in the past, this part of the Consulting segment is highly variable and we face continuing tough compares as we move through the year.  SG&A decreased 4% year-over-year in the second quarter and 2% on an FX neutral basis as the cost avoidance initiatives we put in place last quarter continued to generate savings. SG&A as a percentage of revenue increased in the quarter, driven by recognition of commissions from canceled conferences and severance.  EBITDA for the second quarter was $192 million, up 4% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 6% FX neutral as we offset loss conference margins with significant cost avoidance and cost reductions.  Depreciation in the quarter was approximately $3 million from last year, although about flat with the first quarter as a result of additional office space that had gone into service before the pandemic hit. Amortization was about flat sequentially.  Net interest expense, excluding deferred financing costs, in the quarter was $27 million, up from $23 million in the second quarter of 2019. Net interest expense is up because we had higher debt balances in the quarter and our interest rate swaps had higher fixed rates than the ones which expired last year.  The Q2 adjusted tax rate, which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income, was 15.3% for the quarter. The tax rate used for the items used to adjust net income was 22.8% in the quarter.  The adjusted tax rate for the quarter was affected positively as expected by an intercompany sale of intellectual property which resulted in a material favorable impact on the adjusted tax rate. This benefit was already reflected in our full year guidance.  Adjusted EPS in Q2 was $1.20 cents.  As a reminder, last quarter, we updated the definition we use for free cash flow to be cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures, and we will no longer be adding back adjustments or non-recurring items. This free cash flow definition provides a measure that reflects cash available for capital allocation, like debt repayment and share repurchases.  Operating cash flow for the quarter was $343 million compared to $227 million last year. The increase in operating cash flow was primarily driven by cost avoidance initiatives and lower tax payments.  CapEx for the quarter was $21 million, down 46% year-over-year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $322 million, which is up 71% versus the prior year. This includes outflows of about $10 million of acquisition, integration and other non-recurring items.  Free cash flow as a percent of revenue or free cash flow margin was 13% on a rolling four quarter basis, continuing the improvement we've been making over the past few years. Free cash flow as a percent of GAAP net income was about 230%.  During quarter, we issued $800 million of new senior unsecured notes with a 4.5% coupon. We use the proceeds from the notes along with $200 million of balance sheet cash to repay $1 billion of debt on a revolver and term loan A during March 2022. We reduced maturity risk while providing more financial flexibility at a relatively low cost.  Our June 30 debt balance was $2 billion. Our total debt covenant leverage ratio was 2.8 times at the end of the second quarter, well within the 5 times covenant limit. Our other financial covenants are also well within compliance levels.  At the end of the second quarter, we had $357 million of cash. As we discussed last quarter, we paused our share repurchase activity. As we get increased clarity on how the pandemic and economic downturn will play out, we will deploy excess cash for debt repayment, share repurchases and strategic acquisitions. We also have about $1.2 billion of revolver capacity.  In addition to our strong cash position, balance sheet flexibility and access to capital, we have taken steps to align our cost with our revenue, allowing us to continue to generate positive free cash flow.  Going into the current situation, we had already built a plan for 2020 that aligned cost growth with revenue growth. As we outlined last quarter, we took additional steps to ensure our long-term financial health and operational Excellence through a number of cost avoidance initiatives.  These decisive actions helped ensure our ongoing financial flexibility in this challenging and uncertain environment without compromising on the quality of the insight, advice and service we provide to our clients. We remain well positioned to reaccelerate and drive future growth once the timing of the economic recovery from this pandemic becomes more evident.  Before I go through the outlook assumptions for each segment, I'll review the overall approach we've taken to developing the updated outlook for 20201.  First, we've analyzed our experience and results from March through June to drive forecasts for the balance of the year. Second, our guidance does not assume a recovery for 2020. Third, our overall outlook assumes that we will not be able to run conferences for the balance of the year. We are operationally planning to deliver one day conferences in the fourth quarter in geographies where it is safe and possible. And fourth, we will continue to calibrate our cost reduction programs with our top line results.  Given the second quarter business performance, we've already restored some of the spending we deferred starting in March. We are updating our full year outlook to reflect Q2 performance, cost restoration considerations and, finally, a weaker US dollar compared to when we gave guidance in May.  We now forecast Research revenue, including the FX update, of at least $3.48 billion for the full year. This is growth of about 3% versus 2019 and reflects a continuation of late March and second quarter new business and retention trends through the rest of the year.  While the full second quarter was modestly better than what we saw in late March and April, there are still macro risks to the second half, largely for the non-subscription portion of the segment.  We continue to expect total CV to decelerate through the year. CV changes earlier in the year have a larger impact to full-year Research revenue growth. There's a lag effect on Research revenue, so slower CV growth exiting this year will lead to slower Research revenue growth in 2021.  As we ramp our spending back up to position ourselves for long term success, there will be a short term headwind to margins next year due to a lag between CV and revenue growth. We expect that, in a normal 2022, we will see margins of at least the 16.1% we delivered in 2019.  For the Conferences segment, our guidance is based on not running any conferences for the duration of 2020. This will result in revenue of about $35 million for the full year. We will continue to incur costs in the Conferences business, both cost of services as well as SG&A.  Within the business, we have direct expenses that relate to specific conferences and other expenses that don't. We won't be incurring the direct costs related to specific conferences that are canceled. Wherever possible, we expect to roll forward conference participation by exhibitors and attendees to future conferences.  We now forecast Consulting revenue including the FX update of at least $365 million for the full year or decline of about 7%. The Consulting outlook continues to contemplate a slowdown in labor-based demand and reflects very challenging compares for the contract optimization business through most of the year. The timing of revenue in the contract optimization business can be highly variable, as you know.  Overall, we expect consolidated revenue including the FX update of at least $3.88 billion. That's a reported decline of about 9% versus 2019. Excluding Conferences, we expect revenue growth of 2% versus 2019 on a reported basis.  The cost avoidance programs we put in place in March have allowed us to protect profitability and conserve cash. We have started to resume certain spending as the operating environment appears to at least stabilize and we want to ensure we are well positioned for an economic recovery. The implied operating costs in our outlook are not a new run rate, but reflect planning assumptions for a cautious view of the revenue outlook.  We expect adjusted EBITDA of at least $635 million, which includes $10 million of projected FX benefit. While we are raising our revenue outlook for the full year, we are leaving the EBITDA outlook unchanged before the FX benefit consistent with our comments last quarter. The full-year margin before updating for FX are about 16.3%, up from the 16.1% margins we had in 2019.  We remain committed to full year margins of at least 16.1%. We also want to maintain the flexibility to be able to resume growth hiring and to restore certain expenses we deferred starting in March. These are important for us to accelerate out of the recession and position us to drive CV growth in 2021 and beyond.  As we have discussed, 2021 margins are likely to be down versus 2020 as CV reaccelerates because of the lag between CV and revenue. There may be upside to 2020 EBITDA depending on top line results and the timing and magnitude of our cost restorations. Our weighted average interest rate will increase as we continue to have the run out of our interest rate swaps through the respective maturities. We continue to expect an adjusted tax rate of around 22% for 2020.  We expect 2020 adjusted EPS of at least $3.08, including an $0.08 benefit from FX. The lower Q2 tax rate benefit was due to timing.  For 2020, we expect free cash flow of at least $425 million. Our free cash flow of at least $425 million. Our free cash flow guidance reflects both the P&L outlook we just discussed, strong CapEx management and better-than-previously forecasted collections. All of the details of our full-year guidance are included on our Investor Relations site.  Finally, for the third quarter of 2020, we expect adjusted EBITDA of about $130 million to $135 million. While we expect revenues to decline sequentially, we expect operating expenses to increase significantly as we begin to restore some of the costs we deferred starting in March.  In summary, we delivered strong financial results in the second quarter despite a very uncertain economic environment. Cash flow was outstanding and we have taken a number of measures to increase our financial flexibility, reduce maturity risk and ensure we have ample liquidity.  We will continue to balance cost avoidance programs with targeted investments and restoration of certain expenses to ensure we are well positioned to rebound when the economy recovers.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler from Baird. Your line is now open. 
Jeffrey Meuler: I guess the short version of the question is to quantify modestly better [indiscernible]. CV looks pretty good to me. The commentary sounds positive, lots of pockets of good growth. So, just any help kind of reconciling that language with a fairly modest increase to the full year revenue guidance at a point in the year where I would think it's early enough in the year where you'd see the benefits? So, would love any quantification on what modestly better in June means and any other considerations that could be a headwind other than just the generally uncertain environments and, I guess, the point-in-time revenue decline. 
Eugene Hall: Hey, Jeff. It's Gene. So, we can't really quantify the difference, but what I'll tell you is, if we look at kind of the performance during the quarter, June was definitely a trend. It was a better selling environment than the previous couple months. And so, that's kind of what we said in our remarks. And I think we can't quantify it any more than that. 
Jeffrey Meuler: Any just other kind of reconciliation factors you would provide or just something I'll end up be considering on why the revenue guidance increase looks fairly modest? Maybe it's just the methodology of assuming the late March into Q2 kind of trends continue for the balance of the year. 
Craig Safian: Absolutely. The way I think about it is obviously we have the experience from March and April, which we talked about in the last earnings call. You saw the Q2 experience. And so, what I'd say overall is, from a new business perspective, I think we were modestly better than what we experienced in March and April. When we talked about new business being down in the 20-ish  down year-over-year around 20%. As you saw, GTS was down 14% and GBS was down 8%. So, new business definitely outperformed our expectations from that perspective.  Retention was a little more challenging than we had seen in March and April. And so, again, we've sort of dialed those two new updates through our exploration skew and normal trending of bookings and new business for the balance of the year.  The one thing I would add, though, is that  I think I made this comment in the prepared remarks  there's certainly more risk on the non-subscription pieces of the research business. Obviously, we've got great forward visibility on the subscription run out and feel really good about those numbers. But because of the macroenvironment, there's definitely more uncertainty on the non-subscription pieces. 
Jeffrey Meuler: And then last, just GBS, if you'll permit a favorable question about GBS, it's been a while. I guess I was surprised at how resilient it's been and how little it decelerated year-over-year. And I know you've been saying forever that it's a bigger, bigger opportunity than GTS. But I was thinking there's less cost optimization research in the library, less tenured staff, the marketing challenges you're working through. So, I don't know if you were equally surprised by that, but would love any additional color on I guess the relative GBS performance.
Eugene Hall: Basically, we've been saying long, as you mentioned, that the value proposition in GBS is really the same value proposition in GTS, meaning that we identify clients' mission critical priorities and we help them with those mission critical priorities. And every function has priorities that are just as important. They're different by function. Again, you're not worried about cybersecurity and HR, but you may be worried about building a more effective diversity and inclusion program. And it's just as important to the HR leaders. And so, our research is focused on what are the mission critical priorities that these leaders are going to face and helping them to address those mission critical priorities in the best and most cost effective way you can.  That's been kind of what we've been saying all along. And I guess you kind of see it there in terms of what's going on with GBS. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan from Morgan Stanley. 
Toni Kaplan: Craig, you beat the 2Q EBITDA guide by $30 million and raised the full year by the $10 million FX benefit. And I know you sort of look at things on a full year basis and maybe spending was just a little bit lighter than you thought in 2Q. Is that the reason for why the full year guide wasn't raised by the $30 million? And I guess just in conjunction with that, the ramp down in margin guidance in the second half of the year seems like a lot. So, just help us understand the big ramp down in margins in the second half. 
Craig Safian: The way to sort of read the phasing and what's been going on, obviously, in March and April, when we really didn't know how bad or how deep or how broad the macro impact was going to be from the pandemic, we very quickly put the brakes on lots of spending across the board. And it was the right thing to do. We had to make sure that we were taking a balanced approach towards the balance of year, that we were maintaining liquidity, maintaining flexibility, all that stuff. And so, you really saw that start to flow through primarily in Q2. And some of the Q2 performance or overperformance was driven by revenue being modestly better than expected. And a lot of it was driven by us avoiding more costs than we had initially dialed in.  Where we sit today is trying to find that balance between making sure that we're delivering on our financial commitments and delivering on our EBITDA and other targets, but also making sure that we are investing in the business and restoring expenses that we think are extraordinarily important for us to get through this year and, more importantly, serve as sort of a jumping off point when there is a recovery.  And so, the way to think about the balance of the year is, as an example, in Q2, we weren't immediately backfilling open roles even in certain research or service positions. We've now stabilized ourselves and have good line of sight for the balance of the year. And so, we're backfilling those roles, and we're actually making selective growth hires where we think there's a high possibility for return and payback on that and also starting to restore certain expenses.  And so, we are looking at it on a full year basis, not necessarily on a Q2 versus Q3 basis, but it's largely about, we stabilize the business, and we want to make sure that we are putting back into the business the right costs and targeted spends, so that when there is a macro recovery, we're poised to leap off of that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee from Bank of America. 
Gary Bisbee: Craig, maybe I'll follow up on that last point. So, can you just  Craig and Gene both, I guess, I should say. Can you help us think about what determines when you bring the cost back on? Is it really demand driven and seeing the near term opportunity for that? And I ask from this perspective. It's commendable given the margin performance of the last few years to maintain the margin target for this year. But I think one might argue given that a lot of investors are looking at this as sort of a throwaway year that if there are opportunities to bring them back this year, even if you were to have margins below that target, but that improved the pace of recovery into next year that that might be a wise decision. So, just how are you thinking about what's the factor that determines when you bring the investment back in business? Thank you. 
Eugene Hall: If you think about the way that we have  Craig described this a bit earlier, which is, we didn't know how bad or how deep the downturn was going to be. So, we put on a pretty hard hiring freeze, very, very selective hiring, everything else frozen, that included research analysts, that included salespeople, product development, et cetera. And so, as we've seen kind of how our performance is and how the market is, we want to make sure we maintain, to your point, the right number of analysts, the right sales capacity, the ability to develop and introduce new products, et cetera.  So, we're basically bringing back that capacity, so that we're very well positioned, especially beginning in 2021 to re accelerate growth. There are some expenses that we don't need to bring back, and that will be like travel expenses. Today, we're lucky, in that as an information services company, we can work with our clients  we're doing very, very well working with our clients remotely. And so, our travel expenses have dropped dramatically this year. That doesn't hurt our future growth or anything like that. It sort of goes with the environment.  And so, for the things that really affect future growth, like research, sales, product development, that's the places that we are making sure we have the investments in place. And that's reflected in the forecast. For the things that kind of go with the environment like travel or the reductions in our Conferences business, that's the other category. 
Craig Safian: And Gary, I guess the one thing I'd add is, I think we can do both, which is manage for profitability and great free cash flow performance now, and also make sure that we're making those targeted spend, so that when there is a recovery, as Gene and I both mentioned, we're ready to rebound very quickly with it. So, it's not an either/or for us, we think, in this environment. We can do both. 
Gary Bisbee: Just to follow-up, on the Conferences business, I think, Gene, you said this remains an important part of Gartner or something to that effect. How are the digital pilots going? Any sort of learnings on how you might monetize that? If we look beyond this year, do you have the ability for a while to get back to the prior conference, whether it's attendance levels or exhibitor performance, or is that is that still a work in progress, figuring out how to monetize digital? 
Eugene Hall: So, it's clearly a work in progress. But we've done some pilots, as we've mentioned before. Those went very well in terms of understanding how clients feel about it. And what we found is that attendees still want to go to conferences. And in this environment, virtual, they're very happy to go to. And so, we think we can get really good attendance at conferences.  With exhibitors, one of their best sources of clients is conferences. So, they're very interested in working with us to find ways that work for them as well as the attendees. And I feel very good that we will find some of those things as we experiment throughout the remaining months of the year.  Looking to the future, actually, this whole move to virtual will be good for us because we're kind of seeing that, in the future, there's probably going to be a mix of both in-person and virtual conferences, and we'll develop those virtual conference skills during this period. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Warmington from Wells Fargo.
William Warmington: So, you've mentioned a couple of times the spending to position for a recovery. I wanted to ask, functionally, from a planning standpoint, what's the timing you're assuming for recovery? Are we thinking third quarter 2021?
Craig Safian: I'll start and then Gene can follow-up. So, we're not pegging any sort of timing for recovery as it stands right now. We're obviously watching the markets and watching everything going on just like you and everyone else on this call is doing. And so, there's no pinpointed time for recovery that we're planning around. I think what we want to make sure we do is, number one, continue to deliver great value to our clients who do really need us. And so, we don't want to do anything that degrades our ability to do that now. At the same time, we also don't want to make short-term decisions around reducing expenses that impinge upon our ability to actually rebound when there is a recovery. And so, again, what we're talking about now is not specifically when we pivot and when there is a rebound, but really about making sure that we have ample capacity from a selling perspective, from a servicing perspective, from a research analyst perspective, et cetera, so that when there is a rebound, we are poised to take advantage of it. 
William Warmington: And then, the 6% to 7% growth that you're seeing in Research on a combined basis, GTS and GBS for CV, is that a good way to think about the type of CV growth that we can continue to see in this type of an environment until we see the recovery? 
Eugene Hall: As we talked about a little bit earlier, we do expect, based on the running out or extrapolating the math that we have seen in the second quarter that CV will continue to decelerate. As we talked about last quarter, based on everything we see today, we don't think it will be anywhere near what we experienced in the last great recession, back a little over a decade ago. But with these sort of trends, we will continue to see, until there is stabilization or recovery, some glide down on the CV growth.  As we talked about, the CV is holding up really, really nicely, both on the GTS and GBS side, both being around 7% for the quarter, but we would expect some continued modest degradation in those CV growth rates if current trends continue. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Nicholas from William Blair. 
Andrew Nicholas: I was hoping just to follow-up quickly on the Conferences questioning a bit earlier, specifically as it relates to virtual versus in-person conferences. Is there anything you can say about how you're thinking about profitability differences between those two types and whether or not, in 2021 or 2022, to the extent that you get to a situation where you're holding more hybrid type conferences, if those could potentially be as profitable or even more profitable than what you've historically done in the years prior? 
Eugene Hall: Andrew, as I said, we're kind of at the early stage with virtual conferences. The pilots have been successful, in the sense that we know that clients will come to them, we know clients  and the same kind of numbers are larger even than with in-person conferences because you don't have to travel. And we know clients rate them very highly. And we know they're less expensive to hold than destination conferences. In terms of the whole financial equation, we're still figuring that out. And so, I think it would be premature to kind of say we've got that figured out yet. I don't know, Craig, you want to add to that. 
Craig Safian: No, I would have said the same exact thing. 
Andrew Nicholas: And then, in terms of the contract documentation business, obviously, really strong quarter. Just curious how you're thinking about the runway for that business. I know you mentioned that it's highly variable, and that makes sense. But just wondering if, at a high level, you'd expect that to be something that's more of a near term spike or something that can have a runway kind of heading out into next year. Thank you. 
Eugene Hall: Well, as you know, our contract authorization business helps our clients save money. And in this kind of environment, there's a lot of interest in being able to save money. So, I think that we're getting  we're at a very good selling environment for that kind of a product.  Having said that, at any point in time, even when the economy is booming, there's always companies, to their trouble, who want to save money and well-run companies want to save money as well. And so, I'd say I see that business as  it's a relatively small business in Gartner. It's going to stay relatively small business in Gartner. But I do think it will grow along with the rest of the company. 
Craig Safian: I would add one point. That business performed very well last year. So, there are tough compares in the back half of the year, but I would echo everything Gene said about the great value that it provides to clients in any sort of economic situation, but particularly in this one. Yeah, there's definitely real value there for clients. But again, tough compares in the second half of the year for that business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber from being BMO Capital Markets. 
Jeffrey Silber: I know it's tough to give guidance in this environment, but you did give us some color for the rest of the year. So, we do appreciate it. But if we keep on going at current trends and assumed you hit the guidance for the year, when do you think you'd hit the bottom in terms of CV growth and roughly what rate would that be? 
Craig Safian: You're right. It is tough to guide in this environment. So, thanks for the prelude there. So, we don't guide on contract value. And we're not changing that policy now. I think the way to sort of think about it is we're obviously now comparing our business trends to what was a normal year a year ago, first half of 2019 and second half of 2019.  So, if the economy doesn't recover or we don't see broad-based recoveries around the world, when we get into 2021, we're now comparing to pandemic-impacted results. And so, you would expect, at that point, if we continue at current course and speed with sort of  this sort of retention result and this sort of new business pacing that the contract value growth would stabilize. I'm not going to peg a number where we think that is, as we've talked about. We do believe that, based on everything we're seeing, the trough is a lot higher than it was during the last downturn for us. But that's as close as you're going to get us sort of pegging a number on it.  But, again, I think the thing that, as we look at the business, and it is tough out there, but our teams are doing a really fantastic job of sort of cutting through the tougher selling environment. And the sheer volume of new business that we're writing is really great. Yes, it's less than we did a year ago, but we're bringing on new logos, we're growing accounts, we're adding new seats, we're adding new subscriptions, doing that across the board. And so, again, I think if we have another 12 months of this, you would see the CV growth stabilize because we'd be comparing to a similarly impacted period when we get 12 months from now. 
Jeffrey Silber: I'm going to stick out a little further and talk about 2021 since you kind of opened up the discussion. You had mentioned, given the rate of CV growth and the lagged impact, that we'd see some sort of margin decline in 2021. Again, just assuming you kind of hit your guidance at the end of the year, what kind of magnitude are we talking about? What would the impact be next year? 
Craig Safian: So, Jeff, we're not going to guide for next year. All we're saying is, we would expect when there is an economic recovery for our CV to rebound. And as you know, there's a lag between when that revenue comes, and so we're going to make sure that we scale our business and invest in core things in relation to the contract value, not necessarily the accounting revenue run out. And so, in doing that, that can create some us margin headwinds. That's what we're really saying about 2021. We fully expect to recover, we fully expect to return to growth. But because of the lag in the revenue recognition on the subscription based business, we could see some modest margin headwinds. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik from Barclays. 
Manav Patnaik: I just wanted to ask if you could help us just break down GTS productivity a bit more. It's obviously been getting incrementally worse by the quarter. And this quarter obviously was down quite a bit as you've reported. But just curious, how much of that was more one time type roadblocks versus improvements? Gene, you talked about client activity is good and so forth. Can you just help how we should assume that should start trending up?
Eugene Hall: Let me give you a little color around it. So, if I think about GTS, the kind of deceleration that's going on, there's different components of it. One is that we sell new enterprises. There's clients that have never been a client of Gartner. That amount of business actually is about, for GTS, about the same year-over-year. So, we're not just seeing a deceleration in our ability to sell to new enterprises who've never been with Gartner.  We saw about a third of the deceleration is from enterprises that left Gartner. They used to be with us and they left us. Another third is from enterprises that stay with us, but historically have grown, but they didn't grow. So, it looks like deceleration because instead of buying another seat or two, they actually stayed flat. Whereas in past years, that's a significant part of growth. And the last third is clients who might have four seats and they go to a less expensive  looking for seats, but use a less expensive seat. So, downgrade. So, going from one seat that had a higher service level to a lower service level.  And so, what we're really seeing is new business with clients with new enterprises flat year-over-year. A little uptick in lost enterprises, which is about a third of the difference if you look at CD growth. And then, the other two-thirds from existing clients not growing that would have grown before or from clients that are still with us, same number of seats, but choose, for one of the seats, a lower service level, which obviously looks like a reduction in CV.  And my interpretation of it is people see a lot of value. Most of the deceleration is not due to clients leaving us. In a tough environment, people make tough choices and sort of say, 'hey, I have four seats, I want to keep my four seats, but let's take one to a little lower service level,' et cetera. And so, that kind of gives you a little color in terms of what's going on under the covers.  So, it would be wrong to think that our clients are leaving us more than they did before. There's some of that, and that's not the biggest piece of it. The biggest piece is we're not getting the upgrades, the growth we would have gotten from additional seats with existing clients.  And secondly, some clients are  rather than giving up seats, downgrading the service level, but keeping the seats because the value they see.
Manav Patnaik: And I guess, that one third/two thirds mix, that's more on the new business side, right? I guess, maybe if I could just ask, down 47% productivity like, how should that start picking back up? Like, was there just one-time distraction because of it being the April/May time period? 
Eugene Hall: The numbers I was giving were not about new business per se. It was about the change in CV growth. So, it incorporates both existing and new business. If somebody chooses a lower price seat, that's a lower dollar retention. 
Manav Patnaik: And then, so maybe if I can just ask  Craig, in the Research business, the non-subscription revenue, can you just remind us how much that is and what that decline has been so far? 
Craig Safian: So, within the Research segment, about 10% of the research revenue, roughly, falls into the non-subscription category. And that is made up of a couple of different revenue lines. One is our online businesses, Capterra, Software Advice and GetApp. And then, there's some other non-subscription type research services that fall into that category as well.  Last quarter, we talked about an expectation that that would be down about 10% to 15% year-over-year. That's sort of what the implied guide reflects as well for the balance of the year for those businesses. And so, about 10% of research revenue and down about 10% to 15% for the balance of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Tong from Goldman Sachs. 
George Tong: Your GTS sales force account has declined 3.7%. And your GBS sales force account declined 9.2%. Can you provide more detail around your outlook for sales force hiring between these two segments and where you see headcount growth coming back faster? 
Craig Safian: Let me cover the numbers and then Gene can talk about the strategy and how we're thinking about headcount growth. So, a couple points, and I'll cover first GTS and then GBS.  So, with GTS, as you mentioned, headcount growth is down about 4% year-over-year. Our intention for the balance of the year is to get that number back up well over 3,100 frontline quota-bearing people. So, we expect to exit the year over 3,100 people, which would put us down a little bit on a year-over-year basis. And part of the reason why it's not up necessarily or I would say optically is down is we actually exited 2019 with a pretty significant bench. So, people on our payroll, who were either in training or had just graduated from training, who weren't yet in territory, and over the first six months of the year, the team did a really good job of making sure we got all those people deployed. And so, our selling capacity is actually in pretty good shape because we've now deployed that bench and have them out there on the frontline selling. And so, we'd expect our year-over-year headcount growth to be down modestly, our year-over-year, as we exit 2020. But from a selling capacity perspective, we feel in pretty good shape. From a GBS perspective, we hit the brakes there hard. We did a lot of work around territory optimization, and we also froze hiring there when we were doing our cost avoidance and cost reduction programs. Our expectation is to get back to about flat for the full year for GBS. And so, while down 9% year-over-year now, we would expect to end 2020 in roughly where we ended 2019, which was  we ended 2019 with 869. So, think in that neighborhood is our target for where we want to end from GBS headcount perspective.  Gene, I don't know if there's anything you want to add to that. 
Eugene Hall: That did it well. 
George Tong: And then, to follow-up, on GBS, you mentioned a little bit of softness on the marketing side. Can you elaborate on any other one-time factors that could have impacted performance on the GBS CV performance, either to the positive or to the negative? 
Craig Safian: So, the marketing is something we obviously  we knew about and told everyone as we were exiting 2019 to expect it. So, that's sort of the one-time headwind that we knew about and are dealing with. And again, the goal of it is to improve the profitability of that business in a normal environment. And we're well on the way to being able to do that.  I wouldn't call out any one-time benefits. I think that the team has done a really, really good job of, again, fighting through the tougher selling environment, with GBS new business only being down 8% year-over-year, I think was really strong relative performance for that business.  We called out the fact that every major function is contributing to the overall seat growth, with the exception of marketing, which we just talked about. And so, the business is performing pretty well.  And, again, as Gene elaborated, I think with the first question, it's because the value proposition is consistent with what we've done forever from a GTS perspective. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Hamzah Mazari from Jefferies.
George Tong: Hi. This is Mario Cortellacci filling in for Hamza. Just within the Consulting business, I just wanted to know what lines of work you think are seeing better demand versus others? And how do you think COVID is impacting the sales cycle? As you get into July, are you seeing customer decision making getting pulled forward due to need for your service or are they still delaying out of caution? 
Eugene Hall: So, first, I'd say that, in this environment, decision cycles are definitely longer than they were a year ago and we definitely see that. So, I would say there's less demand, so there are longer decision cycles because there's often another review. Like, for example, maybe the CIO made the decision before and now it's got to go to the CFO. And that may take another two weeks or 30 days to actually get a decision done.  And we're seeing demand in areas you'd expect. So, it's things like cost optimization, building a digital business, things like that. 
George Tong: And then, looking at sales force productivity, could you give us a sense of what the productivity looks like regionally? Are you seeing any variations with lockdowns? Or has it been pretty consistent across the country as many businesses have still been operating in more of this work from home environment? 
Eugene Hall: So, so there's clearly been both an industry and geography aspect of this. Craig went through some of the numbers earlier in terms of our overall business. We're seeing good overall demand. But as you can expect, there's tougher selling environments. If you're selling into some aspect of the travel business, so many of those companies are hit very hard and they're still buying from us, but it's a much tougher selling environment than it was a year ago. 
Operator: At this time, I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Gene Hall for closing remarks. 
Eugene Hall: So, as you heard today, excluding the impact of Conferences, our company revenues were strong. We have an unparalleled value proposition across all major enterprise functions. Our clients are facing more disruptive change than ever before. And Gartner is the best source for the cost effective, relevant insights that empower leaders to succeed amid ongoing uncertainty.  We continue to have an advanced untapped market opportunity and we know the right things to do to capture that opportunity in thriving or uncertain times.  Looking ahead, we expect to come out of this recession strong and well positioned to drive long-term sustained double-digit growth in revenues, earnings and free cash flow for years to come.  Thanks again for joining us. And I look forward to updating you again next quarter. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-08 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Gartner First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays conference may be recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Cohen, GVP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Cohen: Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for Gartners first quarter 2020 earnings call, and hope you are well. Joining me today on the call are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Chief Financial Officer. The call will include a discussion of first quarter 2020 financial results and our updated outlook for 2020 as disclosed in todays press release. In addition to todays release, we have provided a detailed review of our financials and business metrics and an earnings supplement for investors and analysts. We have posted a press release and the earnings supplement on our website, investor.gartner.com. Following comments by Gene and Craig, we will open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, with the adjustments as described in our earnings release. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. Weve updated the definition we use for free cash flow, the cash provided by operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP less payments for capital expenditures. Definition of free cash flow no longer excludes acquisition and other non-recurring items as we believe this change better captures actual cash generated in the period for the purposes of capital allocation. In the supplement, weve included the historical add-backs for prior periods as well as what they would have been in the first quarter to allow for comparability. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2020 foreign exchange rates, unless stated otherwise. Set forth in more detail in todays earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the companys 2019 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. We encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now I will turn the call over to Gartners Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. I hope youre all safe and healthy. The COVID-19 pandemic is a humanitarian crisis that continues to drive massive social, economic and operational disruption everywhere around the world. As we navigate this environment, there are three messages you should take away from our discussion today. Were well positioned to help our clients address the pandemic and the economic downturn. Weve taken steps to carefully manage our costs and cash flow in response to the economic downturn, and we will come out of the recession strong and well positioned to resume driving long term, sustained double-digit growth. As most of you know, Gartner operates in three business segments: Research, Conferences and Consulting. Each of these business segments has been impacted to somewhat differently by the current environment. Research is our largest and most profitable segment and remains the core of our value proposition. Our Research segment is well positioned to operate as a virtual business. Prior to the pandemic, the majority of our analysts, experts and thought leaders were located in countries around the world. They were already supporting our clients via tele and video conferences. A large share of our sales and service teams were placed in centralized office locations, where were selling and servicing our clients remotely. All Gartner associates are equipped with laptops configured for a virtual work environment as part of our business continuity program. In response to the pandemic and local government directives, we closed our offices during Q1. Because we had a strong infrastructure in place, associates were able to make a smooth transition to working from home. Of course, not everything went as planned. For example, some associates have relatively slow Internet connections. And some managers had to adjust to managing their teams remotely. Our most immediate challenge has been an increased difficulty bridging prospects and some clients in their remote environments rather in their offices. We continue to make a significant global impact to our research insights, tools and advice. Were agile with our research content. We continuously adapt our risk agenda to ensure were riding on topics that support our clients current mission-critical priorities. Q1 was no different. When news of the pandemic broke, we added comprehensive content for every major functional role across the enterprise on critical topics, such as what steps to take in response to COVID 19? What to do so that employees are productive working from home? And how to make smart cost reductions across the organization? In addition, we took the best cross-practice content and made it available to all clients. Findings from our expanded coronavirus coverage and real-time surveys are being widely used by our clients. These insights have also been cited by well-known media outlets, including the Wall Street Journal, CNBC, The Economist and more. During Q1, we significantly increased the number of webinars and other virtual events where we deliver content to our clients. These have been highly valued. For example, in early March, we launched a global webinar on Leading Through COVID-19. Registrations for that event were about 8x more than our average for 2019 webinars. Client engagement is one of the biggest drivers of retention. And by being agile and adapting our content, our client engagement has remained strong. Our services are very cost-effective and provide high-value to clients because were able to get the right content to the right audience at the right time in a virtual format. Our new business and renewals have been impacted by COVID-19. In todays environment, we see three categories of clients. First, there are those companies and industries most impacted by COVID-19, such as travel, entertainment and retail. Renewals and new business with companies in these industries is more difficult than it was last year. However, many realized they continue to need our services and are continuing to buy, just at a slower rate. The second category includes companies that have been minimally impacted economically by COVID-19, such as companies that provide goods or services like food, cleaning supplies and some types of software. Renewals and new business within these companies continues at about the same pace as it has in the past. The third category is companies that are not directly impacted by COVID-19, but are experiencing reduced demand for their products and services. While these companies continue to buy, theyre placing additional scrutiny on all purchases, including Gartner products and services. This can extend the time to complete a sale or renewal. Across GTS and GBS, our clients have expressed how important our services are, especially during these turbulent times. Our HR, finance and legal practices had demand in buying cycles similar to IT. Out of the GBS practices, supply chain and marketing businesses had the weakest performance in Q1. Due to interruptions in supply chains, many supply chain leaders have been forced to pause their strategic initiatives and become more directly involved in tactical supply chain operations. This often extends the time to complete a sale or renewal. As we discussed last quarter, were phasing out certain marketing products with low profitability, which reduced the retention and growth rate of our marketing practice. Overall, our Research business is well positioned to operate successfully as a virtual business. Our Conferences segment has been impacted the most by COVID-19. Because of government mandates and health concerns, we were able to hold only a limited number of conferences during Q1. With this situation, were now planning to hold 17 destination conferences later this year out of our original full year plan of 77. This, as well as our reduced events schedule, will reduce our expected revenues from our Conferences business. Based on the reduced expected revenues from this segment, weve taken steps to reduce costs, including staff reductions. Our conferences provide tremendous value to both attendees and exhibitors. Were in constant contact with our exhibitors. They continue to have a high level of interest and are ready to return when its safe to do so. Theres a similar level of interest among potential attendees. Were carefully developing changes in our conferences to increase safety, such as sanitization standards, additional separations, et cetera. Were also developing virtual conference formats. We held our first virtual conference just last week. That conference, for sales leaders, went from a concept to event, including the marketing for the conference in less than three weeks. There were nine sessions held over a single day. We had more than 1,900 total registrations for this conference. The Net Promoter Score was 77, a strong score, which exceeded our expectations. While we are operationally planning to hold conferences during the latter part of the year, we recognize that this may not be possible due to government mandates or health concerns. As a result, our updated financial guidance assumes that we will be unable to hold these conferences. Looking to the long term, we expect Conferences to continue to be an important contributor to our overall business. Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research, and provides clients with a deeper level of involvement through extended project-based work to help them execute their most strategic initiatives. Consulting has also been impacted by COVID-19. Many clients are postponing major new initiatives until they have more clarity as to the impact of the pandemic and the economic downturn. As a result, our backlog was up only 1% during Q1. Looking across our business, during Q1, we closed our offices worldwide for the safety of our associates and to comply with government mandates. Consistent with government guidelines, weve reopened our offices in Shanghai and Beijing. Well use our experiences with these offices to reopen in other countries when shelter-at-home directives begin to relax. Weve taken steps across the business to manage our costs without impairing our ability to drive growth in the future. Weve implemented very tight controls in staffing levels, including hiring freezes where appropriate. We reduced staff in our Conferences business, as I mentioned earlier. We significantly cut non-labor spending, and we slowed our capital expenditures such as the build-outs of new office space. The operational changes we made will help ensure we have positive cash flow. In addition, were tightly managing our financial operations functions to positively impact cash flows. Weve also taken steps to help ensure we maintain adequate liquidity. We ended the quarter with $228 million in cash. On April 1, we drew an additional $300 million from our revolver, and we have another $700 million of capacity available. Finally, weve negotiated an amendment to our credit facility with financial covenants that gives us improved flexibility. We will come out of the recession strong and well positioned to continue driving long-term sustained double-digit growth. We continue to have vast market opportunity across all sectors, sizes and geographies. Well continue to maintain and improve our core capabilities to capture our market opportunity while carefully managing our cost structure and cash flow. We plan to maintain and improve our analyst and adviser capability for developing highly valuable research insights, and strong services capability to meet client needs. We plan to maintain and improve our sales coverage and capacity, while taking this opportunity to address underperforming sales territories. We will remain agile, so were prepared for whatever may come next. In summary, as we navigate the uncertainties of this unique environment, these are the three messages you could take away from our discussion today: we are well positioned to help our clients address the pandemic and economic downturn; weve taken steps to carefully manage our costs and cash flow in response to the economic downturn; and we will come out of the recession strong and well positioned to resume driving long term, sustained double-digit growth. Ill now turn the call over to our CFO, Craig Safian.
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. I hope you, your families and your colleagues are safe and healthy as we navigate the pandemic and the economic downturn. Ill provide an update on our strong liquidity and capital structure as well as an overview of the cost actions we have taken to ensure our financial flexibility. Then I will review our first quarter results, including the impact of COVID-19. Finally, Ill describe our updated outlook for the year within the context of the rapidly evolving macro environment. Beginning in early March, as we first started to see the impacts the pandemic could have on our business, we quickly pivoted to EBITDA preservation and cash conservation mode. Gene described many of the actions we took. The goal of all of the actions was to ensure our financial strength and ongoing flexibility. Ill start this morning with a discussion of our cash and balance sheet position. At the end of the first quarter, we had $228 million of cash, which is more than we need to run the business. On April 1, to increase our cash position and preserve financial flexibility, we drew $300 million on our revolver, bringing our cash balance to $528 million. This puts our liquidity in a very strong position, reinforced by our ability to continue to generate positive free cash flow. We have additional revolver capacity of more than $700 million available to us as well. Cash flow trends in April continued on a positive track. Our March 31 debt balance was about $2.2 billion. That increased by $300 million to $2.5 billion after the April 1 revolver draw. We have also amended our credit facility to provide greater covenant flexibility as follows: First, our total leverage covenant has increased 0.5 turn from 4.5 to 5x. Second, our secured leverage covenant has increased by 0.25 turn from 3.5 to 3.75x. Our interest coverage covenant is unchanged. The calculations use gross debt, trailing 12-month EBITDA and trailing 12-month interest expense. Gross debt, EBITDA and interest expense used for the covenant calculations are defined in our 2016 credit agreement. Based on the debt levels after the incremental revolver draw on April 1, our leverage ratios under the covenants were 3.5x total debt, 2.4x secured debt and 7.4x interest coverage. These are all well within the required levels for compliance under our credit facility. While we dont expect to need the incremental covenant capacity, we secured the amendment to ensure future financial flexibility. We repurchased $73 million of our stock in the first quarter. Of that total, $34 million relate to open market stock repurchases. We paused our share repurchases during the last week of February. We will not resume until we have a clearer picture of how the pandemic and economic downturn will play out. In addition to our strong cash position and access to capital, we are taking steps to align our costs with our revenue, allowing us to continue to generate positive free cash flow. Going into the current situation, wed already built a plan for 2020 that aligns cost growth with revenue growth. Following the rapid changes in the world as a result of COVID-19, we took additional steps to ensure our long-term financial health and operational excellence through a number of cost-avoidance initiatives. We made tough decisions to eliminate merit increases, freeze hiring temporarily, restrict travel, cancel internal meetings and reduce third-party spending. We have also made reductions to our Conferences staff to better align our cost structure with our Conferences revenue and new schedule. These decisive actions help ensure our ongoing financial flexibility in this challenging and uncertain environment without compromising on the quality of the insight, advice and service we provide to our clients. We remain well positioned to reaccelerate and drive future growth once the timing of the economic recovery in this pandemic becomes more evident. Moving to our first quarter results. Research and Consulting growth were in line with our expectations, and we moved quickly to manage costs late in the quarter. First quarter revenue was $1 billion, up 5% as reported and up 6% on an FX-neutral basis. Excluding Conferences, our revenues were up 11% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis. In addition, contribution margin was 66%, up 200 basis points versus the prior year. EBITDA was $214 million, up 51% year-over-year and 53% FX neutral. Our EBITDA performance was tracking strongly through February and then benefited from the cost-avoidance initiatives we implemented in March. Adjusted EPS was $1.20, and free cash flow in the quarter was $31 million. Research revenue in the first quarter grew 10% year-over-year on a reported basis and 11% on an FX-neutral basis. First quarter contribution margin was 72%, as margins benefited from temporary cost-avoidance initiatives, which we will only keep in place while the macro environment remains challenging. Total contract value was $3.5 billion at March 31, FX-neutral growth of 11% versus the prior year. As we do each year, we have updated our historical research metrics at 2020 FX rates in our earnings supplement. Global Technology Sales contract value at the end of the first quarter was $2.8 billion, up 11% versus the prior year. GTS CV growth and associated metrics performed well in January and February, before slowing late in the quarter as the COVID-19 response led to lower new business growth and modestly lower retention rates. The more challenging selling environment had an impact on most of our reported metrics. Client retention for GTS remains at around 82%, down about 50 basis points year-over-year. Wallet retention for GTS was 104% for the quarter, down about 200 basis points year-over-year. GTS new business declined 2% versus last year. We ended the first quarter with 12,826 GTS enterprises, slightly up from last year. The average contract value per enterprise continues to grow. It now stands at $219,000 for enterprise in GTS, up 11% year-over-year. Growth in CV per enterprise reflects the combination of upsell, increased number of subscriptions and price. At the end of the first quarter, we had 3,196 quota-bearing associates in GTS or an increase of 5% year-over-year. As part of our cost reduction programs we announced in late March, we temporarily froze headcount growth. For GTS, the year-over-year net contract value increase, or NCVI, divided by the beginning period quota-bearing headcount, was $92,000 per salesperson, down 21% versus the first quarter of last year. As we get more clarity on the economy and the short-term demand environment, we will look to increase sales hiring to position us for sustained long-term double-digit growth on the top and bottom line. Global Business Sales contract value was $646 million at the end of the first quarter. Thats about 20% of our total contract value. CV growth was 8% year-over-year, both reported and organic. GxL CV grew 48% to $307 million, and legacy CV declined 13% year-over-year to $338 million. Total GBS new business was down 12% in the quarter, impacted largely by supply chain and marketing. Our supply chain practice saw a decrease in both retention and new business. The supply chain practice was uniquely affected in the quarter by the global disruptions caused by the pandemic developments in Asia. Last quarter, we explained that weve stopped selling and renewing some lower-margin marketing products. As expected, this impacted GBS growth. The GxL legacy split in GBS becomes less meaningful every quarter, so we are phasing out reporting GBS that way. This quarter, we are providing the new business and attrition dollars for GxL and legacy as we did in 2019. In the first quarter, total GxL new business was $22 million, while legacy new business was $5 million. Also in the first quarter, GxL attrition was $17 million and legacy attrition was $14 million. Client retention for GBS was 83%, up about 170 basis points year-over-year. Wallet retention for GBS was 101% for the quarter, up about 700 basis points year-over-year. We ended the first quarter with 5,025 GBS enterprises, down about 4% from last year. The average contract value per enterprise continues to grow. It now stands at $128,000 per enterprise in GBS, up 13% year-over-year. Growth in CV per enterprise reflects upsell, an increased number of subscriptions and price. At the end of the first quarter, we had 862 quota-bearing associates in GBS, down 1% year-over-year. Headcount was down sequentially and year-over-year as we optimized our territories and then temporarily froze hiring as part of our cost-avoidance program. For GBS, the year-over-year net contract value increase, or NCVI, divided by the beginning period quota-bearing headcount was $57,000 per salesperson, a significant improvement from when it was negative last year. As we communicated in March, the Conferences segment has been materially impacted by the global response to the pandemic. We were able to hold a few small conferences early in the first quarter, resulting in $14 million of revenue. We will not have any conferences through August. For the rest of the year, we have revised the schedule for in-person conferences. The result is a plan for fewer conferences with a focus on maximizing the value we deliver for our clients. Ill review some additional points related to Conferences in the guidance section a bit later. First quarter Consulting revenues increased by 3% year-over-year to $96 million. FX-neutral growth was 4%. Consulting contribution margin was 31% in the first quarter, down 14 basis points versus the prior year quarter. Labor-based revenues were $81 million, up 3% versus Q1 of last year or 4% on an FX-neutral basis. Labor-based billable headcount of 808 was up 9%. Utilization was 62%. Backlog at March 31 was $110 million, up 1% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis. Our backlog provides us with about 4.5 months of forward revenue coverage, in line with our operating target. Contract Optimization revenues were up 1% on a reported basis versus the prior year quarter against the difficult compare. As we have detailed in the past, this part of the Consulting segment is highly variable. SG&A decreased 4% year-over-year in the first quarter and 3% on an FX-neutral basis as the cost-avoidance initiatives we put in place, specifically around internal meetings and other travel, went into effect. EBITDA for the first quarter was $214 million, up 51% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 53% on an FX-neutral basis. Depreciation in the quarter was up approximately $3 million from last year as additional office space went into service. Amortization was flat sequentially. Net interest expense, excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter, was $25 million, up from $23 million in the first quarter of 2019. Net interest expense is up due to higher floating to fixed hedge costs as we rolled previous contracts forward. The Q1 adjusted tax rate, which we used for the calculation of adjusted net income, was 22.5% for the quarter, roughly in line with our guided full year rate. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was also 22.5% in the quarter. We completed an intercompany sale of an intellectual property in April 2020. We expect it will have a material favorable tax impact to our second quarter 2020 financial results. This benefit was already reflected in our full year guidance. Adjusted EPS in Q1 was $1.20. We have updated the definition we use for free cash flow to be: cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures, and we will no longer be adding back adjustments or non-recurring items. This free cash flow definition provides a measure that reflects cash available for capital allocation like debt repayment. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $56 million compared to $36 million last year. The increase in operating cash flow was primarily driven by cost-avoidance initiatives and improved collections. CapEx for the quarter was $25 million. This includes a small software techquisition that helps increase analyst productivity through automation and AI. Excluding the small acquisition, CapEx would have been down versus the prior year quarter. Free cash flow for the quarter was $31 million, which is up 101% versus the prior year. This includes outflows of about $10 million of acquisition, integration and other non-recurring items. Free cash flow as a percent of revenue or free cash flow margin was 10% on a rolling four-quarter basis, continuing the improvement weve been making over the past few years. Free cash flow as a percent of GAAP net income was about 150%, almost back to historical levels. Since there is significantly more uncertainty and volatility in the economy than normal, we are providing an updated outlook for 2020. Before I go through the outlook assumptions for each segment, Ill start with the overall approach we have taken to developing the updated outlook for 2020. First, weve taken our experience and results from March and April to drive forecast for the balance of the year. Second, we have not forecast a recovery for 2020. Third, our overall outlook assumes that we will not be able to run conferences for the balance of the year. We do have plans in place to start delivering conferences again in September if that proves possible. And fourth, we are calibrating our cost reduction programs with our top line results. If business is weaker than forecast, we will further reduce costs to protect EBITDA dollars and cash flow. And if business is stronger than forecast, we will reinstate certain expenses that we had turned off to protect profitability. With the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, we are giving the updated guidance in reported dollar terms, and making no assumptions on future changes or volatility to exchange rates. We now forecast reported Research revenue of at least $3.425 billion for the full year, about 1% to 2% growth. This reflects a continuation of late March and April new business and retention trend through the rest of the year. We expect total CV to decelerate from the first quarter due to a more challenging customer spending and decision-making environment. Based on what we are seeing in March and April and improvements we have made in the business over the past decade, CV growth should remain above the levels we saw in the last downturn. CV changes earlier in the year have a larger impact to full year Research revenue growth. There is a lag effect on Research revenue. So slower CV growth this year may lead to slower Research revenue growth in 2021. As we ramp back up our spending to position ourselves for long-term success, there may be a short-term headwind to margins due to the lag between CV and revenue growth. For the Conferences segment, as I mentioned, we are currently planning to resume conferences in September. However, our guidance is based on not being able to run any conferences for the duration of 2020. The result, without running conferences for the balance of the year, will be revenue of about $35 million. We will continue to incur costs in the Conferences business, both cost of services as well as SG&A. Within the business, we have direct expenses that relate to specific conferences and other expenses that dont. We wont be incurring the direct costs related to specific conferences that are canceled. This results in modestly lower cost and lower decremental margins than we had expected when we provided an update in late March. Wherever possible, we expect to roll forward conference participation by exhibitors and attendees to future conferences. If we are able to run our updated conference calendar in the last four months of the year, we estimate additional revenue of approximately $200 million. In addition, at the end of April, we reduced the number of associates in conferences to align with the new reality of the business for 2020. Severance costs of $5 million to $6 million will be incurred in the second quarter. Finally, we have the potential to recover insurance for canceled events beyond the amount of the direct expenses, potentially up to the amount of the lost revenue in some cases. The timing of insurance recovery remains uncertain, but our policies are specific to our Conferences business, and not generic business interruption coverage. The insurance recovery will not be included in EBITDA and is not included in our EBITDA guidance. However, for debt covenant purposes, the insurance recovery is included in the calculation of EBITDA. We continue to work with our insurance brokers and providers and will provide updates on our progress in the future quarters. We now expect reported Consulting revenue of at least $350 million, or a decline of about 11% for the full year. The Consulting outlook contemplates a slowdown in labor-based demand and reflects very challenging compares for the Contract Optimization business through most of the year, and implies being down roughly 15% for the remainder of 2020. Overall, we expect consolidated revenue of at least $3.81 billion. Thats a reported decline of about 10% versus 2019. For the full year, at current FX rates and business mix, we expect a drag on revenue growth of about 130 basis points. Cost-avoidance programs could yield up to $400 million in savings for the full year, assuming no recovery from the economic downturn. The implied operating costs are not a new run rate, but reflect planning assumptions for a cautious view of the revenue outlook. As soon as we can get back to a normal operating environment, we will resume spending to drive future growth. We expect adjusted EBITDA of at least $625 million. Thats despite a revenue impact we currently contemplate of about $800 million, and a roughly $20 million negative impact from FX to EBITDA. If our top line forecast proves conservative, and we are able to restore more normal spending, we continue to expect margins to be at least 16.1%, which will be flat to 2019. We expect an adjusted tax rate of around 22% for 2020. We expect 2020 adjusted EPS of at least $3. For 2020, we expect free cash flow of at least $300 million. Our free cash flow guidance reflects both the P&L outlook we just discussed as well as some slowing of collections. All the details of our full year guidance are included on our Investor Relations site. Finally, for the second quarter of 2020, we expect adjusted EBITDA of about $160 million to $165 million. In closing, we are focused on the right things we need to do for our associates, clients and shareholders to deliver long-term value. As Gene discussed, we will execute to come out of the downturn better positioned than before to drive long-term sustained double-digit growth. We know that the value of Gartner is the long-term stream of free cash flows we expect to generate by delivering value to our clients in a very large addressable global market. So while we are taking the steps to ensure our short-term financial flexibility, we remain focused on driving long-term shareholder value. Amid a tough economic backdrop, our Research business had a healthy quarter and Consulting held up as well. We are avoiding expenses, managing cash flow and working through insurance recovery. We maintain a strong and healthy balance sheet, and are focused on maintaining high levels of liquidity and financial flexibility. With that, Ill turn the call back over to the operator, and well be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler with Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeff Meuler: Yes, thank you. Good morning. I wanted to see if youre willing to provide any of the data around the late March and April new business and retention trends. And as they reset lower starting in mid-March, have you seen them stabilize? And then whether or not youre able to provide that. Can you tie it to what type of contract value exit rate for 2020 is implied by the updated research revenue guidance?
Craig Safian: Jeff, thanks for the question. So the way were looking at it, obviously, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we are tracking really nicely across the entire business, but across our Research business as well through the first two months of the year. And as you also know, a lot of our business tends to come in, in the last two weeks of each month with a heavy emphasis on the last couple of weeks of each quarter. And so we were tracking really well across the businesses. And when we looked at March as a stand-alone, recognizing that there was significant disruption. As Gene mentioned, our clients and us, we all shifted to working in offices to working at home. And so what we saw, when we look at it, was new business declines on a year-over-year basis in the 20% to 25% range. And some hits on our transactional renewal rates as well, I think in the roughly five-point range. And thats what we experienced in March. In April, trends are kind of on that level. Some are a little bit better, some are consistent, but roughly speaking, on that level. And again, when we developed the guidance for the year, we have not assumed any sort of recovery. And so weve basically modeled that new business experience at a granular level across every region and practice in which we do business. And weve modeled that straight across assuming no recovery.
Jeff Meuler: And what does that implies for CV exiting the year?
Craig Safian: So listen Jeff, we dont provide a contract value guidance. And essentially, theres a kind of wide range of possible outcomes for that contract value. And so the way we feel about it is definitely going to cause a deceleration in the Research contract value growth rate. That will probably glide down over the year. But what weve said is based on everything we can see and the way weve modeled it and the improvements weve made to the business, we dont see it drifting down as far as we did in the last downturn.
Jeff Meuler: Okay. And then on the expense savings. Ill give you kind of my dream buckets, but hopefully, you can just give us some additional perspective. So of like the $400 million, is that in your realized savings? And how does it bucket out between like temporary cost avoidance that comes back when the world goes back to normal? I guess, like taking growth headcount out of it, out of the planning assumptions, which eventually comes back because youre trying to preserve the ability to grow at double-digit rates long term. And then the third bucket would be, is there any sizable portion that is some form of permanent cost takeout or productivity?
Craig Safian: Yes. Well, so its kind of hard to parse right now. So first, to answer the first part of your question, the up to $400 million is in your 2020 savings. And if you kind of map the changes in our guidance, youll need that savings to deliver on the EBITDA guidance or the minimum EBITDA guidance we just gave. As we think about it, the cost avoidance, and to be frank, it is more cost avoidance than cost reduction. As Gene mentioned, and as I mentioned, were both very focused on  were all very focused on making sure that when we come out of this, we are strong and prepared to rebound back as quickly as possible, similar to what happened during the last downturn. And so I wouldnt categorize much of the cost avoidance as "permanent". I think that over time, varying degrees of it will get turned back on at different paces. So as an example, as you mentioned with growth headcount, if we are growing a business and we are seeing sales productivity, were going to add the right number of research analysts and service people and salespeople. We will absolutely do that to support the business and drive future growth. On top of that, we have large buckets of spend like travel. And that one will probably turn back on at a slower rate than potentially headcount. And then the other thing Id mention is weve made some tough decisions around headcount reductions, as we talked about, and other compensation-related things. And when we get out of this or when we can see our way out of this, we are a people business, and we want to make sure that we keep our team happy and motivated and chasing the goal of consistent double-digit growth.
Jeff Meuler: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee with Bank of America Securities. Your line is now open.
Gary Bisbee: Good morning. I guess the first question. So its interesting to me that the cost cuts, and Im sure this is sort of an output rather than the goal potentially. But maintain this margin around 16%, and youre cutting that heavily. But Craig, you acknowledged that theres potential for the revenue to slow on a lag next year and for the margin to go down as you bring the cost back. Why be so aggressive with cost now? And as part of that really going to delay the ability of the business to rebound? Or was this something you felt you had to do to maintain the liquidity in other  just solvency of the business?
Gene Hall: Yes, sure. Ill take the first part  go ahead, Craig.
Craig Safian: No. Go ahead, Gene. You can go first.
Gene Hall: Well go ahead. Go ahead, Craig.
Craig Safian: Okay. So I think youre right. When we saw what was potentially  the impacts on the business, most notably our conferences schedule, right? And while Conferences only represents around 11% of revenue, not for nothing, its a $500 million business. And as we started to look at the potential for not being able to run a full schedule, only being able to run a partial schedule and potentially, as your outlook reflects not being able to run any conferences at all, we were very focused on really EBITDA preservation, cash conservation, liquidity and financial flexibility, right? Those were kind of our mantras throughout March. And we very aggressively hit the brakes on a lot of items to make sure that we maintain as much financial futility as possible. Weve done, what I would argue, a really good job of getting that in line, making the tough decisions when we need to. But again, as I mentioned, its more cost avoidance than actual cuts. And again, unfortunately, we have had to make some cuts, but the bulk of the savings is really around cost avoidance. And it kind of just did round to that roughly 16% range. We were not solving for that. It was more about just making sure we can maintain as much financial flexibility as possible moving forward. And then Ill flip it to Gene to talk about the future.
Gene Hall: Yes. I mean, again, Gary, quick on here, we didnt have a target in terms of margin that we were aiming for. We basically wanted to build in sufficient flexibility for the future that we can cover a range of outcomes. And were very much thinking about whats going to happen in 2020 and 2021, as Craig and I both mentioned in our scripts. And are preparing so that we can return to quite  were hoping to be able to return to quite good growth there, but were prepared for whatever may come.
Gary Bisbee: Okay. Just a follow-up then. Within that up to $400 million of cost, and I realize that will be determined by how revenue comes in. But can you help us understand how much of that was really the Conferences business, where youve got the major short-term problem versus how much of that is cost avoidance at Research that youll have to rebuild to support getting back to double-digit growth over time?
Craig Safian: Yes. Gary, when we talk about the cost avoidance, we do not cater the costs that we dont have to have to deliver the conferences. So its kind of separate and apart from the Conferences side. What weve done on the Conferences side is right size the business, as we kind of as we talked about. But the bulk of the $400 million relates to, as I mentioned, really more cost-avoidance measures. So we had a plan for 2020. Within that plan, we had pretty decent growth in sales headcount, in service headcount, in other areas of headcount. Weve temporarily frozen all of that, and that yields a pretty significant amount of savings. Weve stopped traveling. Obviously, not our choice necessarily, but that yields significant savings. And as I mentioned with Jeffs question, over time, that will have to be turned back on, but its probably not a binary thing where we immediately go back to spending exactly what we were spending pre-crisis. And so its kind of a mix of different things, but the bulk of the savings really relate to avoiding costs that we had built into our 2020 plan. And harvesting some savings from things like P&E or maybe not investing as much in facilities or more of things like that, which again, we dont know what the new reality is going to look like going forward. And as Gene mentioned, everything were doing is to maintain as much flexibility financially and operationally as we move forward.
Gary Bisbee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Craig Safian: Toni, were not hearing you.
Toni Kaplan: Now?
Craig Safian: Toni? Toni, is that you? Yes, we can hear you now.
Toni Kaplan: Okay. Gene, you spoke about the three impacted client categories. Could you just give us a sense of the proportions for each of those? Just thinking that the COVID-impacted clients could come back quicker, while maybe the impaired business clients could take longer. Just trying to understand how youre thinking about the pace of recovery in Research.
Gene Hall: So Tony, we dont have a kind of a quantitative breakdown of those. But Ill give you kind of a qualitative perspective, which is the largest category is the companies that are not directly impacted by COVID-19. Like for example, some notch hotels, things like  well thats not the largest category. The largest categories are the companies that are not directly impacted, but they might sell things to hotels or sell things to airlines. And so they have some impact on their business. Thats the largest category. And then Id say the second largest category are the companies that are  in fact, the first of the other two categories are probably equal size, which is the ones that are directly impacted like hotels, restaurants, airlines, things like that. And then equal size would be the companies that are not impacted at all, like if youre selling video conferencing software or youre in certain parts of the media business, like streaming media business, for example.
Toni Kaplan: Got it. And I know you mentioned a little bit earlier that youd expect Research CV growth to sort of glide down during the year. I guess thats a result of recession as opposed to like sort of a quicker snapback?
Gene Hall: Yes. Craig said in his remarks, we basically, for our guidance, assume no improvement during the year. So we  if you think about we took the results in March and in April, and said if nothing gets better through the year, what is it going to look like? And so we took our  think about our new business growth and our retention rates and extra delay to that through the rest of the year with the contracts we have coming up for renewal. And that kind of gives you what happens with business, the Research business.
Toni Kaplan: Got you. And then just for my follow-up. How are you thinking about sort of the timing of conferences, in-person conferences? Are you looking at certain metrics like number of cases and et cetera, to make the determination of holding them? Like do you have to see a vaccine before you feel comfortable before having a lot of in-person conferences again? And just, I guess, going forward, would you expect structurally a higher level of virtual conferences? And if you could give us any sort of sense of revenue differential between like a virtual conference versus an in-person one.
Gene Hall: So in terms of timing, when we restart conferences. First, we have two kind of  what we call destination conferences where people tend to fly in from around the country. So like Orlando is supposed to be one of those. Then we also have our Evanta conferences, which tend to be small with, I think, 50 people at a local event where people dont travel. It could be a dinner, it could be a one-day event. And so first, we expect that the conferences that are more local are more likely to be feasible to hold before wed be able to hold the large destination conferences. The second thing is that as we assess when is a good time to restart, were going to get input. Right now, in fact, we have focus groups with both exhibitors and with attendees to get what they think would be necessary for us to restart. And were using that information as input. Were also going to be looking at what the rest of the world is doing. So if the NFL is having  going to be having football games in the fall and are  how do people  are they comfortable doing that? Is Disneyland or Disney World reopening? And so if you look at kind of  were going to look at those kinds of things. And of course, were going to look at what the health officials say as well. And so its going to be triangulating what clients and potential attendees would say, looking at what the rest of the world is doing and then looking at what the health risks would be. And then triangulate all that stuff to figure out what we actually do. Im also imagining that it may not be the same answer around the world. So as you probably know, some of the  some companies open things like these kinds of events in China already. And so well see what happens there and what the health risks are and what the reaction of public is. With regard to  yes, and so with regard to virtual events, as I mentioned on the call, weve already  we believe that its a reasonable bet that our virtual events will be more popular. And so we are experimenting and innovating to look at how do we both hold stand-alone virtual events, but also how do we combine in-person events with virtual events so that if people want to participate, but they are not comfortable in coming virtually and come  Im sorry, coming in-person that they can participate virtually. And so were developing those models now. Were testing them. And Im optimistic that well come up with a good model there.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen. My first question was just the Research guidance where the deceleration will be above the levels in the last downturn. I was just hoping, just so were on the same page, if you could just give us some color on what those levels were for GTS and GBS?
Craig Safian: Yes, sure. Thanks, Manav. So during the last downturn, obviously, we were just essentially GTS and just our technology business. It was prior to us acquiring AMR, and it was obviously well in advance of us acquiring CEB. And if you go back and look at the metrics, the CV trough was around negative 4%. So in the second or third quarter of 2009, that was kind of the bottom. And if you look at it, we actually bounced back and rebounded really quickly. And by the midpoint of the next year or end of 2010, we were already back at double-digit growth rates. And so thats what happened with the CV. When we look at the new business and retention, the new business declines were in the negative 25% range for a couple of quarters when the bad stuff on the Great Recession really started to hit. And our retention rates were down in the, call it, 500 to 750 basis points range as well. As we mentioned, though, theres probably two primary reasons why we believe we are better positioned today than we were back in 2008, 2009. And weve noted them over and over, whenever weve gotten questions in the past or as weve described our business. But it really is around the types of research we deliver, the real focus we can drive on cost reduction and cost optimization, and the levels of engagement where we drive with our clients consistently and have continued to drive in March and April. And so while we do anticipate or  I shouldnt say that, while we have modeled in, based on our March-April experience, that deceleration and glide down, we do feel that we are in a stronger position than we were during the Great Recession in 2008, 2009.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. And then if I could just follow-up on the EBITDA guidance. The implied second half guidance is much lower than the 2Q number you gave. And I guess I would think 2Q probably ends up being the worst part of it. So I was just curious what the delta is? I mean, I think youve maybe thrown out some hints of consoles along the way, but just any bridge there.
Craig Safian: Yes. I think theres a couple of things there, Manav. I think number one, we were very fast to harvest cost-avoidance opportunities and anything we could harvest in Q1, we harvested in Q1. And if you think about that from a financial flexibility perspective, we get the benefit of that. If you look at our debt covenants and all that, we get the benefit of that for the next four quarters. And so its very important for us to make sure that we harvested as much as we could in Q1 to maintain all that financial flexibility. The second thing Id say is, if you model out Research revenue, weve always said Research revenue growth lags contract value growth because of the revenue recognition. Its the same thing on the flip side when there is a deceleration in contract value. And so we intend to guide down on  or weve modeled gliding down on the CV growth over the course of the year. The Research revenue glides down at a slower rate, if you will, just because of the revenue recognition methodology that we employ on that large part of the business. And so as we look at Q2 through Q4, again, weve tried to be thoughtful around not assuming any sort of recovery. And as Gene mentioned, there are parts of the world, whether its conferences or research or what have you, there are parts of the world that are "reopening up". But we have not taken that into account. We wanted to be appropriately conservative in thinking about this and not trying to pick when we think a recovery will come, whether its a U-shaped recovery or a V-shaped recovery or a W-shaped recovery. We didnt want to get into guesswork on that. And so I think were just trying to make sure that we manage the business appropriately. We take the steps necessary to maintain financial flexibility and were also making sure that we maintain capacity in places like sales and research and service so that when we come out of this, were prepared to reaccelerate.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Nicholas with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Andrew Nicholas: Good morning. I just wanted to follow-up again on the earlier question on Conferences. Hoping you could speak a bit more specifically about kind of how youre looking at that business in the medium term? Based on some of those focus groups, you referenced, do you expect clients to gradually ramp up to previous attendance levels over the next couple of quarters or years? Or is it your expectation that there will be some sort of permanent reset lower? And then maybe relatedly, is there a way for us to think about the attendance required relative to previous levels in order to make that a worthwhile endeavor?
Gene Hall: So well, see Andrew, we dont know how fast people are going to come back. And so were going to have to play that by year. But I do know, as weve done our focus groups that theres a very effect  it exceeded our expectations, the level of interest that clients have in attending these types of conferences. And so what we find is that theres actually quite a bit of enthusiasm, and people are anxious to be able to and looking forward to be able to turn into these. And obviously, if they dont feel safe, they wont. But still got to cross that threshold, and we dont know when that will occur. But the good news is the underlying demand seems to be there. People still want to come to conferences for all the reasons they have in the past. And so to the extent that we can make the environment comfortable, that will draw them faster. And were certainly doing that. Were looking, like I said is, in terms of ways that we can make the conferences  or we can hold them in a way that people feel very safe going there.
Andrew Nicholas: Got it. And then maybe just one quick follow-up. Sorry if I missed it, but did you outline or mention how much of the expense savings were realized in Q1 specifically?
Craig Safian: Andrew, we didnt call that out specifically. But obviously, we had a pretty  we beat our original guidance pretty significantly in the first quarter. As I mentioned, we were tracking very well from an EBITDA perspective through January and February, and tracking well ahead of our EBITDA budget for those two months. Then on top of that, once we saw some of the challenges that were now dealing with, we slammed the brakes on a significant amount of costs. And we are actually able to offset about $46 million worth of lost Conference revenue in the quarter as well. And so as you kind of think about the cost-avoidance benefits in Q1, if you kind of bridge between our original guide and where we ended, thats a pretty good estimate for how much we were able to save.
Andrew Nicholas: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
George Tong: Thanks, good morning. Your GTS sales force productivity declined 21% in 1Q and swung to positive $57,000 in GBS. Can you discuss how productivity trended in April? And what scenarios are contemplated in your updated 2020 guidance?
Craig Safian: Ill take it. Ill start, and then Gene can fill in the blanks. So productivity, as you know, the way we measure it, is a rolling four-quarter measure based on the amount of net contract value growth that we deliver over those rolling four quarters divided by opening headcount. Its sort of a derivative of all of the other metrics that we look at in terms of what drives contract value growth. And so what we saw in the first quarter, obviously, and you can see this on the specific GTS and GBS pages, is the actual NCVI generated in first quarter of 2020, if I talk about GTS specifically, was less than the NCVI we generated in Q1 of 2019. And so on a rolling four-quarter basis, we lost a, lets call it, a strong quarter and replaced it with a more challenging quarter. And thats essentially what impact that productivity measure. Since it is a derivative metric, as  if contract value growth is going to decline over the balance of the year, productivity will decline as well. And again, if you think about the inputs of productivity at the kind of granular level, theyre the same as we talk about at the highest level, which is what is the retention rate on the contract value that is coming up for renewal and how much new business are you actually able to generate. And as we mentioned, and obviously, in March and through April, because of the environment, both of those metrics had pressure on them. And so we would expect that pressure  or I should say weve modeled that pressure, consistent pressure, to continue through the balance of the year. With GBS, obviously, last year, we had a bunch of negative quarters in the rolling four-quarter measure. And so now weve obviously flipped to positive in GBS, which is great and where we want to be. And thats whats driving that flip to  from negative to positive in the first quarter. But the same dynamics that apply to new business and retention for GTS will also apply to GBS, or at least as weve modeled them through the balance of the year.
George Tong: Got it. Thats helpful. So you talked about planning $400 million in cost savings this year. Does this assume that the Research sales force headcount freeze will extend through the end of the year? And given it takes a year for new sales force hires to ramp in productivity, what are your thoughts on whether the glide down in Research CV will extend into 2021?
Craig Safian: So I think a lot of the dynamics related to research contract value growth in the kind of short to mid-term will be driven by recovery. And so if there is a recovery in the third quarter or the fourth quarter or the first quarter of next year, obviously, that is whats going to support contract value kind of bouncing back and reaccelerating in the short to midterm. Gene, I dont know if you want to take the question on GTS headcount specifically and how were thinking about it.
Gene Hall: Yes. So George, basically, we dont  were going to set GTS headcount based on the productivity were seeing at an individual territory basis. And so where we see territory, if we  today, we see territories that are  have good productivity, were going to be adding to those territories. And so its going to be just looking sort of at whats our overall productivity territory by territory? And are there places that we could productively add territories, well do that. And so you shouldnt think about that our sales headcount in GTS is frozen for the year. Were going to moderate that headcount based on the productivity we see.
George Tong: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Hamzah Mazari with Jeffries. Your line is now open.
Hamzah Mazari: Good morning. I had a question around how discretionary is the GBS portfolio in terms of customer spend versus GTS? So when you think about marketing, legal, HR, supply chain, is that much more discretionary versus your core IT business? Or asked another way, the net new business that youre seeing down 20% to 25%, is that larger in the marketing segment or HR? Any thoughts there because you didnt own GBS in the prior downturn.
Craig Safian: Yes. So I wouldnt think about GBS as being more discretionary than GTS. And heres how we think about it, which is that in GBS, so first, things like HR, finance, legal, as I mentioned in my remarks, really have characteristics in terms of buying cycles, buying criteria, things like that as in GTS. And I mentioned also that in marketing and in supply chain, there are specific issues. And in supply chain, the issue is that a lot of the supply chain leaders that we would sell to are actually doing tactical operational things in their business because supply chains are struggling in their companies. Because of marketing, its impacted by the fact that we had these product lines we talked about that we are discontinuing because the profitability wasnt where we wanted it to be. And so those two things are actually taking the GBS growth lower than it would otherwise be. And then the other factor that affects GBS thats different than GTS is our GTS sales and service teams have much more experience. We have sales and service people in GTS that have been working there for 10, 15, 20 years. In GBS, we have a much smaller group of people that have been using those same playbooks for that kind of period of time. And so we expect that, that will have an impact. But over time, theyll keep getting better and better and approach GTS levels. And so those are kind of the two factors that affect why GBS has been a little bit of a laggard relative to GTS.
Hamzah Mazari: Thats very helpful. Just a follow-up question. Anything youre seeing geography-wise in April thats different? Maybe any learnings from areas that have come out of the shutdown, if you have any, and what youre seeing there?
Gene Hall: So were in 100 countries around the world. They vary a lot. I dont think theres anything I would take away specifically strongly, like Ill give you two examples. India and Japan have been doing well for us relative to other countries. But I think its just our execution was just a little bit better there is kind of what Id put it up to as opposed to us  as opposed to it. Theres something fundamentally different there about the economy or something like that.
Hamzah Mazari: Got you. Thank you so much.
Operator: This concludes todays question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Gene Hall for closing remarks.
Gene Hall: So as you heard from our call today, as we navigate the uncertainties of our current environment, we are well positioned to help our clients address both the pandemic and the economic downturn. Weve taken steps to carefully manage our costs and cash flow in response to the economic downturn. And were going to come out of the recession strong and well positioned to resume driving long-term sustained double-digit growth. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-04 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Gartner Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your speaker today, David Cohen, Gartner's GVP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Cohen: Thank you, Sarah and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for Gartner's fourth quarter 2019 earnings call. With me today are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Chief Financial Officer. This call will include a discussion of fourth quarter 2019 financial results and our outlook for 2020 as disclosed in today's press release. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a detailed review of our financials and business metrics in an earnings supplement for investors and analysts. We have posted the press release and the earnings supplement on our website, investor.gartner.com. Following comments by Gene and Craig, we will open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] On the call unless stated otherwise, all references to revenue and contribution margin are for adjusted revenue and adjusted contribution margin, which exclude deferred revenue purchase accounting adjustments and the 2018 divestitures. All references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA with the adjustments as described in our earnings release and excluding the 2018 divestitures. Our cash flow numbers, unless stated otherwise are as reported, with no adjustments related to the 2018 divestitures. References to organic growth exclude the recently acquired TOPO. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX-neutral unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2019 foreign exchange rates, unless stated otherwise. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the Company's 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now, I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Good morning and thanks for joining us. In 2019, we continue to deliver strong performances across our business. We made progress on our core strategy of establishing leading market positions in every role across the enterprise while continuing to drive innovation. We grew our sales forces and reduced open sales positions to record lows. We made substantial investments in GBS products, service and [indiscernible] sales to accelerate future growth. We also made substantial investments in critical support functions such as recruiting, to ensure we have the talent to support sustained long-term double-digit growth. We helped more than 15,000 enterprise clients in 100 countries around the world with their mission-critical priorities. We provided great jobs to 17,000 associates around the world and positioned our Company for the long-term benefit of our shareholders. In 2019, total revenues were up 11% fueled by double-digit growth in each of our business segments, Research, Conferences and Consulting. Research, our largest and most profitable segment is the core of our client value proposition. Our Research business was up 11% year-over-year. The Gartner formula for sustained long-term double-digit growth continues to drive success in our Research business. As we previously highlighted, the Gartner formula consists of indispensable insights, exceptional talent, sales excellence, enabling infrastructures. For each of these elements we drive relentless, globally consistent execution of best practices and continuous improvement in innovation. Global Technology Sales or GTS serves leaders and their teams within IT. This group represents more than 80% of our total research contract value. GTS contract value grew 12% against a tough compare over the prior year. In most of our top markets including the US, UK and Canada, we had strong double-digit growth. We also had growth of more than 20% in a number of markets with slow GDP growth, such as Japan, Brazil and Saudi Arabia. And this is due to the high value clients received from our products. Despite these strengths, GTS contract value growth decelerated. There were three primary factors. The single biggest factor was the impact of our revised strategy for serving very small tech vendors as we've discussed previously. The next largest factor was leadership changes in Germany and India, which we've also discussed previously. Finally, we had challenges in China. So while GTS had some challenges, we achieved strong double-digit contract value growth of 12% and we put in -- we've put actions in place to address these challenges, and expect to see improvements over time. We continue to have vast market opportunity across all sectors, sizes and geographies. We've made investments over the past two years, including sales head count that position us well to capture that market opportunity. Following 12% growth in GTS headcount over the past two years, we expect GTS headcount growth for 2020 in the high-single digits. Last quarter I outlined three sales optimization initiatives. Dynamic territory planning, just in time recruiting and just in time training. Over time, these initiatives will help us align our cost growth for the revenue growth while enabling us to train and flare sales hires more effectively. We estimate that these new programs are the equivalent to adding 3 to 5 points to our reported headcount growth. Global Business Sales or GBS serves leaders and their teams beyond IT and represents about 20% of our total Research contract value. This includes supply chain and marketing, which we've addressed for several years as well as other major enterprise roles including HR, finance, legal, sales and more. GBS contract value continued to accelerate growing 8% organically. Retention improved more than 400 basis points for the year, and productivity was up significantly. GBS growth accelerated throughout 2019, though we did have some challenges. The GBS marketing practice has some products unique to marketing that have weak retention and low profitability. Marketing contract value grew only 4% largely due to these products. As we align our cost growth to revenue growth, we're transitioning to these lower margin, low retention products to more profitable GxL products. We're making this transition as the lower margin products come up for renewal during 2020. We expect we will -- this will have a negative impact on our 2020 CD [ph] growth, but will improve profitability going forward. Our GxL product line continue to gain momentum with contract value increasing $43 million during 2019. GxL products provide greater value to clients, because they are tailored to the clients' individual needs. This in turn results in higher prices per user and stronger retention. Beyond better pricing retention, GxL products provide exponentially more growth opportunities, because we can sell these high-value products throughout our client organizations. We implemented the Gartner formula for growth in GBS. In 2018, we invested in the products, processes and sales force growth. In 2019, growth accelerated and [ph] our GxL products gained momentum. We have built a great foundation for future growth. The Conferences segment also delivered a terrific performance in 2019 with double-digit revenue growth of 18% and conference attendee growth of 8%. Gartner Conferences combine the outstanding value of our research with the immersive experience of live interactions making every conference we produce, the [ph] most important gathering, the executives we serve. Looking ahead to 2020, we plan to introduce more new conferences. For example, in Europe for GTS, we'll launch security and risk management, and data and analytics summits. And in Europe, for GBS, we'll launch marketing symposium expo and supply chain planning summit. Our Consulting segment also achieved double-digit growth in 2019 with revenues up 14%. Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research, and provides clients a deeper level of involvement through extended project-based work to help them execute their most strategic initiatives. Our growth was the combination of our labor-based business and strength in our Contract Optimization business. We had a record year in the Contract Optimization business. We expect another good year in 2020, but likely at a lower growth rate given how strong 2019 was. Over the past several years, we've made great progress in the Consulting business and are well positioned for continued long-term success. Summarizing, we delivered another strong year across all three of our business segments. Looking ahead, we are well positioned for sustained long-term growth. With the great strategic position of GTS and GBS, together with leveraging the investments we've made, we expect strong top line growth and EBITDA growing in line with revenues. With that, I'll hand the call over to Craig.
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene and good morning, everyone. 2019 marked another year of strong revenue growth for Gartner. Global Technology Sales, the largest part of our business again delivered double-digit growth. Global Business Sales accelerated, growing more than 8% organically, the highest growth rate since the acquisition in 2017. Our strategy to deliver products and services with a compelling value proposition across all enterprise functions is working. Conferences and Consulting had outstanding years as well. The year-over-year financial performance for 2018 included total contract value growth of 12% FX neutral total revenue growth of 11%, FX neutral adjusted EBITDA growth of 2%, diluted adjusted EPS of $3.90, free cash flow of $462 million. Demand for our services remains robust around the world, and as our 2020 outlook demonstrates, we expect strong top line growth to continue as we adjust cost growth to align with revenue growth. Fourth quarter revenue was $1.2 billion, up 11% as reported and on an FX neutral basis. Top line growth was impacted by about 60 basis points in Q4 from the product retirements we discussed in prior quarters. In addition, contribution margin was 63% flat versus the prior year. EBITDA was $218 million, up 3% year-over-year and 5%, FX neutral. Adjusted EPS was $1.18 with upside from a lower-than-expected tax rate, and free cash flow in the quarter was $40 million. Our Research business had a strong fourth quarter. Research revenue grew 11% year-over-year on a reported basis and 12% on an FX neutral basis in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter contribution margin was 70%. Total contract value was $3.4 billion at December 31st, growth of 12% versus the prior year. We always report contract value in FX neutral terms. For the full year 2019, Research revenues increased by 9% on a reported basis and 11% on an FX neutral basis. The gross contribution margin was 70%, up 56 basis points from the prior year. I'll now review the details of our performance for both GTS and GBS. In the fourth quarter, GTS contract value increased 12% versus the prior year. As you know we were up against a tough compare which will continue into the first quarter of 2020. In most of our top markets, including in the US, UK and Canada, we maintained strong double-digit growth and by utilizing our sales excellence playbook, we were able to drive greater than 20% growth in challenging markets like Japan, Brazil and Saudi Arabia. As Gene just detailed, GTS CV decelerated due to three primary factors. First, and the largest factor was the impact of the way we sell and service very small technology vendors, which we've discussed on prior calls. Second, as we've discussed previously, we made sales leadership changes in both Germany and India and both of those changes intersected with a tougher macro environment in those markets. And third, we had challenges in China where the economy has slowed and we also made a leadership change. As Gene mentioned we put actions in place to address these challenges and expect to see improvements over time. GTS had contract value of $2.8 billion on December 31st, representing just over 80% of our total contract value. Client retention for GTS remains at around 82% where it has been running throughout the year. Wallet Retention for GTS was 104% for the quarter, down 96 basis points year-over-year. Our Wallet Retention rates show that our clients spend more with us each and every year because of the value we provide to them. GTS new business grew 7% versus the fourth quarter of last year. New business is coming from a mix of new enterprises and growth in existing enterprises through sales of additional services and upgrades. As with CV and Wallet Retention which are all related, we faced difficult compares this year. We ended the fourth quarter with around 13,000 GTS enterprises, up 1% compared to Q4 2018. Net client additions were impacted by higher churn and lower ads in the small enterprise part of the market. These tend to be lower spending clients. A key factor was a shift in strategy, specifically in the small-tech companies sector that we've discussed previously. We expect to lap the strategy shift during the course of 2020. The average contract value per enterprise continues to grow. It now stands at $214,000 per enterprise in GTS, up 12% year-over-year. Growth in CV for enterprise reflects both price increases as well as upsell and an increase in the number of subscriptions. At the end of the fourth quarter we had 3,267 quota bearing associates in GTS or an increase of 5% year-over-year. As part of our planning for 2020 and our sales force optimization initiatives, we moderated our growth in sales headcount exiting the year. This is in contrast at the end of 2018, when we did a higher than normal level of advanced hiring. We expect to see productivity improve in 2020 as overall sales force tenure increases and we continue to make improvements in recruiting, training and sales tools. These changes are consistent with our commitment to strong execution and sustained long-term double digit growth on the top and bottom line. We expect GTS headcount growth for 2020 in the high-single digits. We are able to do this while driving CV growth in part because of the above average hiring we did in late 2018 and early 2019. In addition, as a result of the sales optimization programs Gene highlighted last quarter and earlier today, we are driving greater efficiencies and how quickly we can deploy new salespeople. We estimate that these new programs are the equivalent of adding 3 to 5 points to our reported headcount growth. Beyond 2020, we would expect to resume headcount growth modestly below CV growth. For GTS, the year-over-year net contract value increased or NCVI divided by the beginning period quota bearing headcount was $99,000 per salesperson down 13% versus the fourth quarter of last year. The higher head count growth late last year and into this year brought down the average tenure as new sales people take time to get the full productivity. One of the benefits of moderating the head count growth exiting this year and moving into 2020 is that the average tenure will increase which should improve productivity. Turning to Global Business Sales, GBS contract value was $647 million at the end of the fourth quarter or about 20% of our total contract value. The momentum we saw last quarter continued with organic CV growth increasing to 8% year-over-year. GBS CV growth including the recent acquisition of TOPO increased 9% year-over-year. We grew across all of our major functional areas with particular strength in supply chain where we have maintained strong double-digit growth and in HR which grew CV almost 9% year-over-year. Our marketing practice grew 4% in 2019. We have begun transitioning some lower margin marketing products to more profitable GxL products as they come up for renewal. We're making this change to better align our cost and revenues. This transition will continue in 2020 and will have an impact as we move through the year. While this will have a short-term negative impact to our CV growth rates we'll see the benefits over the medium and long-term in terms of increased profitability. The impact of research revenue is built into our guidance. The acceleration in GBS contract value was driven by strength in GxL which as we've detailed is an important part of our strategy and continues to contribute a larger and larger share of GBS CV. Total GBS new business was up 16% in the quarter driven by GxL new business which was up 31% year-over-year. On page 11 of the earnings supplement, we provide additional information to highlight the trend in GxL new business and contract value. We sold $58 million of GxL new business in Q4, up 31% versus the prior year quarter. We continue to make great progress with our GxL products across each of the functions GBS serves. More than half of the GxL new business in the quarter came from newly launched products. GxL contract value increased 55% year-over-year from $191 million to $297 million and now makes up 46% of GBS CV, up about 14 percentage points from Q4 last year. We are driving increased client engagement through expanded service teams and growing adoption of individualized content and service. For the standalone quarter we drove attrition rates down for GBS. For contracts that were up for renewal in the fourth quarter, attrition improved by 520 basis points over the prior year quarter. Again this is a result of the increased engagement we've discussed, a richer mix of GxL renewals and all of our other retention programs having an impact. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had 869 quota bearing associates in GBS or growth of 10%. Headcount was down sequentially as we continue to align our cost growth to our revenue growth. We expect GBS headcount growth in the mid-single digits in 2020 as we focus on realizing the benefits of the investments we've made. For GBS, the year-over-year net contract value increased or NCVI divided by beginning period quota bearing headcount was $67,000 per salesperson, up significantly from last year's $14,000 per salesperson. The inclusion of TOPO contract value positively impacted GBS productivity by about $5,000 per sales person. Conferences revenues increased by 11% year-over-year in Q4 to $217 million. FX neutral growth was 12%. Fourth quarter contribution margin was 53%, up 47 basis points versus the year-ago period. We had 15 destination conferences in the fourth quarter. On a same conference FX neutral basis, revenues were up 9% with a 1% increase in attendees. Attendee growth was impacted primarily by the merging of two infrastructure and cloud related conferences into one. Fourth quarter ticket bookings were up 11% year-over-year. For the full year 2019, revenue increased by 16% on a reported basis and 18% on an FX neutral basis. Gross contribution margin was 51%, an increase of 20 basis points from 2018. Turning to Consulting. Fourth quarter Consulting revenues increased by 9% year-over-year to $104 million. FX neutral growth was 9%. Consulting contribution margin was 28% in the fourth quarter, up 34 basis points versus the prior year quarter. Labor-based revenues were $80 million, up 9% versus Q4 of last year or 10% on an FX neutral basis. Labor-based billable headcount of 815 was up 10%. Utilization was 60%. Backlog at December 31st was $116 million, up 7% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis. Our backlog provides us with about 4.5 months of forward revenue coverage in line with our operating target. Contract optimization revenues were up 7% versus the prior year quarter. As we have detailed in the past, this part of our -- of the Consulting segment is highly variable. Full year Consulting revenue was up 11% on a reported basis and 14% on an FX neutral basis, and its gross contribution margin of 30% was up 108 basis points from 2018. SG&A increased 14% year-over-year in the fourth quarter and 15% on an FX neutral basis. The growth in SG&A reflects the double-digit headcount growth earlier in the year in both GTS and GBS. For the full year, SG&A grew 14% on a reported basis and 16% on an FX neutral basis. We will continue to grow sales capacity and the enabling infrastructure to support our strategy of delivering sustained double-digit growth over the long term. We have started the process to align sales and enabling infrastructure cost growth with revenue growth. EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $218 million, up 3% year-over-year on a reported basis, and up 5% on an FX neutral basis. In the fourth quarter of this year, EBITDA was adversely affected by about 2 percentage points, or $4 million impact due to the product retirements we've discussed. Taking that into consideration underlying FX neutral EBITDA was up about 7% in the quarter. Depreciation in the quarter was up approximately $30 [ph] million from last year as additional office space went into service. Amortization was flat sequentially. Integration expenses were down year-over-year as we have moved past the biggest part of the integration work. Net interest expense, excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter was $25 million, up from $23 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. Net interest expense is up due to a modestly higher interest rate as a result of the roll forward of our floating to fixed interest rate hedges. The Q4 adjusted tax rate which we used for the calculation of adjusted net income was 34% for the quarter as we incurred less incremental tax costs associated with our intellectual property than anticipated. The tax rate for the items used to adjusted net income was 23.5% in the quarter. The adjusted tax rate for the full year was 18.9%. Adjusted EPS in Q4 was $1.18, above our expectations primarily due to a lower tax rate. For the full year adjusted EPS was $3.90. EPS growth for the year was 7%. Operating cash flow for the full year was $565 million compared to $471 million last year. The increase in operating cash flow was primarily driven by improved collections and lower integration costs. Capex for the year was $149 million and cash acquisition and integration payments and other non-recurring items were approximately $45 million. Free cash flow for the full year was $462 million, which is down 1% versus the prior year. Adjusted for divested operations and working capital timing benefits in 2018, free cash flow grew 13% for the year. 2019 was a strong cash flow year as we made significant improvements in our collections process and benefited from lower cash interest costs. Free cash flow conversion from adjusted net income was 130%. Turning to the balance sheet. Our December 31st debt balance was about $2.2 billion. Our debt is effectively 100% fixed rate. Our gross leverage ratio is now about 3.2 times EBITDA. We repurchased $58 million of stock in the quarter at an average price of about $154 per share. For the full year, we repurchased $199 million of stock. We will continue to be price sensitive and opportunistic as we return capital to shareholders. We have $715 million remaining on our repurchase authorization. Our capital allocation strategy remains the same. We deploy our free cash flow and balance sheet flexibility by returning capital to our shareholders through our buyback programs, and through strategic value enhancing M&A. Turning to the outlook for 2020. Before jumping into the details, I want to give you some context of how we approached our 2020 guidance, which includes a return to aligning our cost growth with revenue growth. As you can see, we revised the presentation to simplify the way we provide guidance. The new approach is intended to convey more clearly and directly our expectations for the business. We've set the guidance based on our best view of what we expect to deliver in 2020. Based on our experience last year, we believe providing simpler, more transparent guidance will be helpful to you in building your models. Note that the approximate guidance levels for EPS and free cash flow are calculated assuming point forecast using the revenue growth and EBITDA margins as starting point. The EPS and free cash flow results will vary depending on where revenue, EBITDA and everything else in between lands. Three additional context points. First, our 2019 ending contract value and corresponding growth rates are a key driver of our 2020 Research revenue. Second, advanced bookings and Consulting backlog are the metrics that drive our Conferences and Consulting revenue guidance. We had solid advanced bookings in our Conferences business and our Consulting backlog is up high-single digits. Third, we continue to invest to support and drive the future growth of our business. In 2017, through the first half of 2019, we invested ahead of growth. And 2020 is a return to our typical approach of investing as we grow. The highlights of our full year guidance are as follows. We expect FX neutral revenue growth in Research of about 9.5%, Conferences growth of about 10%, and Consulting growth of about 3%. The Consulting outlook reflects very challenging compares versus a strong contract optimization year in 2019. The result of these segment growth rates as an outlook for consolidated FX neutral revenue growth of approximately 9%. At today's FX rates we expect FX neutral growth rates to be roughly in line with our reported growth rates. We expect adjusted EBITDA margin to be at least 16.1% which would be flat for 2019. We expect an adjusted tax rate of around 22% for 2020. We expect 2020 adjusted EPS of about $4.06, which is growth of about 4%. If the tax rates were constant EPS growth would be approximately 8%. For 2020, we expect free cash flow of about $505 million. That's a projected change of about 9% versus our 2019 free cash flow. All the details of our full year guidance are included on our Investor Relations site. It is also important to note that we have revalued our contract value at current year FX rates, which had a very modest overall impact. Our 2019 ending contract value at 2020 FX rates is $2.8 billion for GTS and $649 million for GBS. Details are included in the appendix of the earnings supplement. In terms of the quarterly phasing for 2020, we expect our quarterly revenue to be roughly consistent with what you [ph] saw in 2019. You can also assume quarterly phasing for the below the line items consistent with last year. We expect our tax rate for the first quarter to be higher than our annual date [ph]. Finally, for the first quarter of 2020, we expect adjusted EBITDA of about $150 million to $155 million. In summary, GTS contract value closed the year with healthy 12%, while we did not quite reach double-digit growth in GBS, CV growth accelerated to 8% organically and the sales of our new GxL products in GBS continue to rise. Our Conferences and Consulting businesses both had great years. Free cash flow was strong and conversion from net income for the year was 130%. Going into 2020, we have aligned our cost growth with revenue growth and we will continue to apply the Gartner formula across the combined businesses to drive sustained long-term double-digit growth to revenues, EBITDA and free cash flow. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler with Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeff Meuler: Yes. Thank you. Would love some more detail on the 3 to 5 points that you're assuming in tech research that you're going to get from the optimization initiatives. Does that also include the increased tenure as you slow the sales force headcount or just what's the operating risk to achieving that? Because 3 to 5 points from optimization alone would seem like a lot to me. So would love any color to how you get there, because I guess my concern would be GTS CV already decelerating, now slowing, sales headcount growth fairly meaningfully and calling out the softness in China, which probably gets worse before it gets better. Thanks.
Gene Hall: Jeff, it's Gene. So the 3 to 5 points is due to the -- is due basically to having more people selling as a portion of our total payroll. So if you think about it. I'll give you a specific example with training. We have great -- we have world-class training and the way we trained historically is we bring someone in and they train for six to eight weeks, and then they would go into territory and that worked really well. We constantly innovate and make improvements and we've identified, we think is a big improvement in training that allows our -- a better training, and that's to provide just in time training. So instead of six to eight weeks upfront were there on the payroll, but they're actually not selling. We're going to give them two weeks training upfront and then they'll [indiscernible] the other four to six weeks like a day or week through their first year with a tune to be what they need at the time they need. So just in time training. So it's actually a better way to train we actually get more people in territory faster, so instead of having an inventory of six to eight weeks of, when they are in training time, whether not selling upfront actually get into territory after two weeks. That gives us a lot more salespeople actually in front of clients than we have today. And so it's a combination of, that's -- in the training, we're doing that, we're making similar changes in recruiting, which actually gets people in territory faster. So reducing the number of people that are being paid, but actually aren't selling, by being smarter about how we're doing. And that's where the 3 to 5 points comes from. If you look at actual number of territories, for example, GTS, we're expecting to grow territories in GTS approximately 10% during 2020. And so the, even though the total number of sales people won't grow as fast, it's because we're being much more effective in getting people in new territories faster. So you can think about it, we'll still have more -- more people in front of clients actually selling, it's just a smarter way to work.
Jeff Meuler: Okay. And then on, I guess the change in guidance methodology and simplifying it. I think there was a comment that it's the best view of what you expect to deliver. So should we view this as kind of being the equivalent of like the midpoint of the prior range and tying to that, it looks like you change the medium term revenue guidance from 10% to 14% to at least 10%. So with that 10% also be a midpoint type number or are these supposed to be like kind of low-end at least type numbers? Thanks.
Craig Safian: Great question, Jeff and thank you for that. The way to think about the change in the presentation format is again, it's really simplification and attempting to represent our best view of where -- from where we stand today, how we expect the business to perform in 2020. And so I wouldn't relate it to a point in the ranges we used to provide. It's really just our best estimate of what we think we're going to do in 2020 from where we stand today. In terms of the medium-term guidance, it's really just fine-tuning and simplifying the way we're presenting it. And so again, I wouldn't read into it as it's a change. We're just simplifying the presentation.
Jeff Meuler: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks very much. You mentioned China being a driver of slower growth in GTS, I was hoping you could help us with what percent of your business is in China? What was driving the slowdown in the fourth quarter, and if any color on how much it's low? And if you're taking into the guidance an impact from, like the Coronavirus impact, how much are you sort of pulling in? Thanks.
Gene Hall: Hey, Toni, it's Gene. So China historically has been a good source of growth for us, but it's still a small market for us. It's bigger, I think approximately 1% of revenues, and just over 1% of revenues. And so it's not big for us, but we thought it was a fast growing market for us. What's happened in China, really is three things. One is that, we had a leadership change -- we had a great leader, but the leader was the American whose family after being there for few years, his family needed to come back to the US. And so we made a change there. And we have another leader that we've put in, which is we think a very strong leader, but is earlier in their tenure and sort of lowering the market that coincided with a drop in GDP growth in China to the lowest in 27 years, as well as things like the tariff concerns, the unrest in Hong Kong, and now the Coronavirus. And so the -- it's kind of an intersection of a leadership change, where again, we think long term will be great, but along with a sharp slowing in GDP growth and a lot of concerns about what, within the Chinese about what the tariff Implications will be on their economy.
Toni Kaplan: Perfect. And then could you help us break out GTS and GBS contract value growth in the guidance? Are you expecting GBS to average somewhere in like the mid-single-digit kind of range? And as a result of the marketing product changes and I guess how much should the marketing changes have on growth next year? Thanks.
Craig Safian: Hi, good morning, Toni. So we don't provide contract value guidance. And so the way I would think about it is the best estimate of where we're going to be is kind of where we are today. From a growth rate perspective, and that's what's baked into the 2020 Research revenue guidance.
Toni Kaplan: Got it. And any color on the -- okay, marketing?
Craig Safian: So we're not going into that level of detail on the marketing. We wanted to make sure that investors understood. We were making some changes. It will have a modest impact. The good news is, as Gene mentioned, we're dealing with the contracts as they come up for renewal. They are phased evenly over the course of the year. So it's a pretty modest impact on the revenue line. And as we roll through the year, we will provide more color on the impact on the contract value growth.
Toni Kaplan: That's great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Gary Bisbee: Good morning. So the -- I just -- I'm having a hard time understanding 9.5% Research revenue growth in the guidance relative to the Q4 contract value of 11.7 [ph]. I think, Craig, in your preamble to the guidance, you even said that, and I quote ending CV is the good leading indicator of the trend in that business. So why 9.5% versus 11.7% [ph] and sort of what's going on there? I think we need more color.
Craig Safian: Yes, sure, of course. Good morning, Gary. So I guess two things I know. One is there is often, if you look back historically, a little bit of a gap between the kind of point, contract value endpoint and where Research revenue growth ends up. And there's a couple of things driving that. First is really the timing of when contract value growth comes in over the course of the upcoming year in 2020. And so we've modeled in our best estimate of where we think that revenue and NCVI is going to come and when it's going to come and that has an impact on the overall growth rates. The second thing I'd note is, within that Research revenue number is a decent amount of non-subscription revenue in our revenue disclosures. It's the kind of point in time Revenue as opposed to the overtime revenue. And so we have certain product lines in there that are growing fast and help with the overall growth rates. We have other product lines that we are managing down or flat to declining over time. That also impacts the Research revenue growth rate. So I guess what I'd say is, where we stand today based on everything we're seeing and the way we've modeled in, our NCVI by quarter and modeled in new business and renewal rates, 9.5% is our best point estimate of where Research revenue is going to end up.
Gary Bisbee: Okay. And then the follow-up, maybe for Gene. So we appreciate, after the last couple of years, the commitment to flat to improving margins, but it almost feels like when I think about all your commentary in the guidance here, you're slowing sales headcount and investment to deliver flat margins. And so I guess the question is, something change with the model, because we've been in the -- I think the story you've been telling is, a lot of investment over several years in GBS, but presumably there was going to be a return on those investments. And now to get flat margins, it feels like you're having to cut back on investment which just, it seems to imply, maybe the model is not as dynamic or it's more penetrated or something has changed your thoughts?
Gene Hall: Yes. Hey, Gary. So the -- that's not an accurate characterization. I think basically the -- we invested ahead of our revenues over the last few years purposefully especially in GBS. And now, we want to make sure we get a return on that investment. In GTS, as I mentioned, we're still intending to grow the actual number of people selling at quite a good rate. We just got a smarter way to work this year where we think that it will both have a positive impact on sales force effectiveness and give us a better cost structure. We have an enormous market opportunity in every segment and every sized company in every geography and we're committed to continue to go after that. We just found a smarter way to do it for 2020. In fact -- beyond 2020 we'd expect to come back to the, as we get the kind of returns on the investment we made to make these changes, getting back to kind of normal sales force growth.
Craig Safian: The other thing I know Gary is, we do continue to invest behind the business. And so even in '20, and we talked about it, we still got investment slotted in for GTS to grow headcount in the high-single digits close to -- close to double-digit rates and also continued investment in GBS as well. So it's moderating modestly, but we are continuing to invest behind the business with the whole goal of driving sustained double-digit growth over the long term.
Gary Bisbee: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Good morning, guys. So just back on the medium-term guide, it's hard not to interpret that the [indiscernible] tempering your expectations of growth, what was 10% to 14%. And I think the three things I picked up on is obviously for GTS sales force growth, I guess decelerating. You talked about changes in the GBS and then I think given marketing, which was a double-digit growth segment for you, I suppose you're seeing it, now 4%. Am I missing anything else? And I guess I just wanted to know how temporary are these decelerations?
Gene Hall: So let me take that -- let me take the marketing piece first. So our marketing practice today is a combination of new products, our products like GML and then products that were from, that were based on other acquisitions like I kind of -- L2, heritage CEB. And the GML product, which is our traditional product last year for several years grew way north of 20% on a pretty good CV [ph] base. The issue is with some of those other products. So we're quite long-term optimistic, we got marketing, because it's growing. The new products -- and actually the GML products which is our core product is growing extremely well. Because these other product had poor attention and had much lower profitability rather than we're tied to retain those clients, what we're doing is making them not renewable and getting people to upgrade to GML, which we know is a much better product. That lowers the total growth rate in the short term, but increases the profitability. Once we go through that transition, we expect that marketing will be a very fast grower as is historically been. And as GML continues to do today.
Craig Safian: And the other thing I'd mention Manav is, as you think about future growth rates, and we've talked about this a lot in the past, there are really two levers that drive the contract value growth rate. So it's investing in incremental headcount. And again you can look at it in terms of raw headcount, the headcount number or you can look at it, the way Gene described it, which is the amount of available headcount that actually is put alive, talking to clients in selling. And we're looking at it both ways, and productivity improvements. And so from where we stand today, we still believe there is a lot of room to do both, to invest in, continuing to grow both sales forces and also to continue to improve productivity across the board. While we had a really nice improvement in GBS productivity, it's still only at about two-thirds of the GTS level. And so there is still room to go there. And GTS, we had a little bit of a rough year on the productivity, it's still very strong, but there is definitely room for improvement there. And so if you model in a combination of headcount growth and even modest productivity improvements, we believe we can achieve similar contract value growth rates than what we've done in the past.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the GBS side, so I think you said GxL was 46% of the contract value this quarter. What's the reasonable timeframe of cadence to kind of model in every year on how that percentage progresses versus the legacy business as opposed [indiscernible]?
Craig Safian: Yes. It's a good question, Manav. The -- I'd say two things. One is, we've actually improve the retention rates on the legacy, which is a huge net positive for us, because we're keeping more dollars there and happy clients there. And so that has slowed the erosion of the legacy portion of the overall GBS contract value. But as we roll into the future, we expect to pass over the halfway, more than 50% of the CV being GBS, some are being GxL rather sometime in the first half of 2020. And that trend will continue over time and again if you kind of model in results consistent with what you saw in 2019 in terms of the legacy decline and the GxL growth rates that will give you a good sense for that shift in mix.
Manav Patnaik: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Nicholas with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Andrew Nicholas: Hi, good morning. I wanted to ask about CV growth and GBS and how you expect it to progress over the course of the year. I know you mentioned some of the lower margin products in marketing coming due throughout 2020 which should have an impact on profitability, but I'm just wondering if there's any way to quantify or give some color on just the cadence of CV growth? And how maybe some of those products coming due, would flow through throughout the year?
Craig Safian: Good morning Andrew, it's Craig. So we don't provide contract value guidance for either GTS or GBS. As I mentioned earlier, the phasing of those lower margin products as they come up for renewal, across 2020, it's more heavily weighted towards Q2 and Q4, but we do have contract value in each of the quarters. That will come up for renewal. I would expect kind of similar, to [ph] move back up for a second. So from a GBS perspective, we had great momentum in 2019. We're closing the year 8.2% organic contract value growth. Absent the changes in marketing, we expect to continue to drive really nice growth in GBS. And again over time we'll be able to transition and migrate away from those lower margin marketing products that Gene and I both described to higher margin GxL product. So long answer, no specific CV guidance, but we're obviously focused on continuing to drive growth in GBS.
Andrew Nicholas: Great. Thank you. And then your EBITDA margin guidance, obviously aligns with your messaging last quarter. No surprises there, but I was hoping you could elaborate a bit on some of the factors that could potentially drive margin expansion in 2020. Is that primarily a matter exceeding your revenue growth projections or are there other potential areas where we could see some margin upside? Thanks.
Craig Safian: Yes. So again, our view and from where we stand today is, our guidance is our best view of where we think we're going to land, which is roughly with flat margins. The way to potentially see margin expansion would be nice improvements in sales productivity, which would correspond with contract value growth rates accelerating as well. Depending on when that happens, it might flow through into 2021 as opposed to benefiting us from a revenue upside perspective in 2020. But the sales productivity is probably the biggest lever we have from a margin perspective.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Bill Warmington: Good morning, everyone. So a follow-up question on the decline in the sales productivity. How long is typically the lag between the decline in the sales headcount growth and the improvement in the sales productivity?
Craig Safian: Yes. They're not, I would not, I say one-one for related [indiscernible]. As you know, Bill, we're constantly tuning the model of going faster in places where we've got really strong productivity and pumping the brakes or slowing down in places where our productivity is not as strong. You do see it from a pure calculation perspective, if we delivered same amount of NCVI with less headcount growth, yes, that would equate to a higher productivity, on average, but the way we're managing it is much more dynamically than that. And again, making sure that at the individual unit levels of our frontline sellers that we are driving productivity, moving people up the learning curve, our 10 year curve as we've talked about investing in places that consistently deliver high productivity and slowing down in places that are not delivering from a productivity perspective. So net-net, we are just like we've always done, tuning the model to make sure that we set ourselves up to be in a positive position from a sales productivity perspective.
Bill Warmington: Then -- from my follow-up question on the impact of the revised sales strategy for small tech companies, when can we expect the -- in terms of the phasing when can we expect the impact of that to start to moderate?
Craig Safian: So I would expect to see improvement throughout 2020 and 2021. So I think over the next two years, we'll get back to a really good spot there.
Bill Warmington: Got it. Well, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jeff Silber: Thanks so much. Sorry, I just want to go back to the medium-term guidance. First of all, can you just remind us how you define medium term. And second, if I look at the objectives that you provided, I think on the last year's Analyst Day, you kind of went through the buckets in terms of Research, Conference and Consulting to come up with your medium term objectives for revenue growth, can you just tell us how those have changed, if anything by the different segments. Thanks.
Craig Safian: Hey, good morning, Jeff, it's Craig. So medium term in our definition is three to five years. So that's the way to think about medium term. Again, I -- my view or our view, I should say on the medium-term guidance, it's sort of unchanged, it's just simplified. The key thing that drives the bulk of our top line is our Research business and that reflected on the slide in terms of GTS CV growth and GBS CV growth, which is unchanged. Our expectations for Conferences and Consulting, which is not on the page are essentially unchanged. And so instead of doing the math that would get us with all the inputs to a range on revenue, we have just simplified it, that it's -- it's 10% [ph] plus. And so again, I'd say no change to the medium-term guidance just simplification in terms of the way we're presenting it.
Jeff Silber: Okay. I appreciate that. And then when you, I think, Gene, you had mentioned at the -- and forgive me if I -- if I'm misquoting you that the GTS territories were going to be up 10% this year. Can you just confirm, that's what you said? And can you just help geographically, are you focusing on specific areas for that increase?
Gene Hall: So again, yes, I did say GTS territories would be up approximately 10% during 2020. And again what we do is, as Craig mentioned earlier is, we look at where the territories we believe are going to the high sales productivity. And so we have those -- we have huge opportunities at territories. And so we basically prioritize sort to say, based on the tenure of the leader, etc., how the team is operating? What are the places that we think are likely at the highest sales productivity? And that's the place we add the territories.
Jeff Silber: Any specific geographies to call out there?
Gene Hall: Well, again -- again, so we'll be adding fewer territories in China, yet be sure. And so it basically, the places that are doing well, we will add more territories. And the places that are challenged like China we would be adding fewer territories. So that's kind of a -- it's as simple as that.
Jeff Silber: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
George Tong: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Within GTS you noted challenges from a strategy shift with the small tech companies, the sales leadership changes that you've made in headwinds in China, that you talked about, can you elaborate on your remediation actions? In other words, what you're doing to actively reverse these headwinds, other than waiting [ph] them out? And when you would expect to see normalization in operating performance?
Gene Hall: Yes, George, great question. So in the small tech companies, we basically changed our strategy. There is a huge growth in the number of small tech companies, because of cloud-based computing and open source software development tools. And so there is going to be very large increase number of small tech company. So it's a great -- it's a great market for us. We started serving that market the way that we do larger companies and we discovered that was not as cost effective as we'd like. And so we kept with a much better way which we are transitioning to. There is some short-term pain but it's basically we are changing how we're selling those companies, can make a specialized team that just focuses on those companies. And that's -- so that we get the right economics. And so that's what we're doing there, is we've actually set up a dedicated team, modest -- the sales processes be [ph], for those smaller companies, etc. In the case of Germany and India, as I mentioned, in Germany, I missed a couple of calls ago, we had two key leaders, the sales leader, the service leader who basically got promoted. They wanted to take other jobs. One went to GBS, one went to another place into our service organization, very strong leaders had led Germany. The two topics for Germany, had great growth there. For their own careers, they wanted other jobs, which we can't, we won't encourage that. Their successors are more genuine. Think about them as being the tenure people, but five years earlier in their career. So it takes a little bit of time to get up to speed. The performance of those two leaders is doing great. The new replacement leaders in Germany are doing really well. If you look at leading indicators like the pipeline development and things like that, client engagement, they're doing really well. So the leading indicators are good. And so we've made the right changes we're giving them appropriate leadership, development support, indicators are strong. So those are kind of...
George Tong: Got it. That's...
Gene Hall: And again, I just, I'll go back to China as well. We thought like China where we have a new [indiscernible] we feel very good about that leader. It's a tough situation economically and we're giving them support. We are going to -- not be adding a lot of territories in China, but that solves two problems. One is, because of the challenges there, fewer territory growth, means that easier to manage, so it actually helps them, and will also help them with their leadership development as well.
George Tong: Got it, that's helpful. You previously guided to GBS CV growth of at least 12% in 2020. Can you discuss why you're choosing to withdraw GBS guidance, even though visibility into CV growth is higher now than it was last year? What's -- I guess what's changed structurally in GBS from when you previously guided to 12% plus CV growth.
Craig Safian: Good morning, George. It's Craig. I think now that we're few years past the acquisition, now that we've seen really nice acceleration over the course of 2019. We're reverting to our general philosophy, which is we don't provide contract value guidance for either of our businesses. But again, you've got the medium-term objectives that we are marching towards. And so those are unchanged and we will continue to focus on driving growth, contract value growth in both GTS and GBS as we talked about earlier, the way we're going to get that growth is by continuing to invest in growing the sales force and focus on improving productivity in the sales force.
George Tong: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open.
Steven Chang: Hi, this is Steven Chang on for Joe. I just wanted to touch more on the medium term GBS CV guidance. I understand you are expecting a lot of help from the GxL transition and including, and maybe update on the sales force, but I was just wondering that anymore, any other additions to that growth that will help to hit that range or should we expect most of it to come from those two sources?
Craig Safian: Good morning, Steven. Yes, I think, I mean, the way to think about it is, we've -- over the last couple of years, we've invested in growing the sales force in the new products, in service teams to make sure we drive great engagement and value, and we're going to continue to invest in those areas more in line with top line growth, but those are the things that are going to continue to drive the contract value growth of GBS. Again, think of it as really very similar to the way we run the GTS business, it's again, with great products, drive great value, really strong retention rates. And then, grow through both, finding new enterprises or new functional areas with enterprises, and then penetrating them. And so it's really the same playbook in GBS that we've run in GTS for a really long time.
Steven Chang: Okay. Thank you. And also maybe just switching up a little. I was just wondering if you had any, seen changes or changes or kind of increase in adoption in other specific industries or verticals that are gaining traction, especially in the conference section where you're, for example, you're bringing analytics, you're bringing in more data-focused conferences. [Indiscernible] seeing if there is any updates on that.
Gene Hall: So in our Conferences, obviously our Conferences are growing at really attractive rates. So the most of the conferences are doing really well. To your point, I think, overall things like security and overall, I think it varies by geography; because I think, all these things in multiple geographies, with things like security and analytics, tend to be even faster growing with some of the others.
Craig Safian: And the other thing I'd add Steven is just, as we build out the conference portfolio, supported GBS, we've seen really nice pickup traction and growth in those conferences. The ones that have existed, we've driven really great growth in them. And then as we talked about in the past, we've launched a few new ones like a finance executive summit, etc., where we've -- we've done really well, and we think it sets up a really nice platform for growth into the future.
Steven Chang: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is, Mario [ph] on for Hamzah. I know we talked about China and what's going on there, but just curious to know what your sales force productivity looks like in other regions. And specifically maybe Europe and whether there is any variation there versus what you're seeing in the US?
Gene Hall: So Europe sales productivity actually varies quite a bit by country. So we have some countries in Europe that have very high productivity and others that are not as good as we'd like. And so there's not kind of one answer for all of Europe, it actually varies quite a bit by country. And it's really correlated to how much for our sales team is there and our level of operational execution.
Craig Safian: And, Mario, just to double-click on that for a sec. As Gene mentioned we're -- we manage and measure at a very granular level from a productivity perspective. And so we are looking at it almost essentially at the sales manager level and that's what helps us determine where we're going to invest more and where we need to sometimes take a pause on growth. And so you've got wide variability of productivity across the board, but we are looking at it very, very deeply. And again in the places where we're seeing strength, those are the places that we tend to grow a little bit faster from a headcount growth perspective and in places that are challenging, we tend to take a little bit of pause, so that we can get people up the 10-year curve, whether it's the frontline sellers, the sales manager or what have you [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And just one more and I'll turn it over, just regarding the 3 to 5 points, you're going to get from the optimization, I guess that looks great this year, but I guess does that, is there any additional work that you guys can do next year to optimize more? Or does growth ramped after you guys left this change?
Gene Hall: So, the first answer is, we're committed to continuous innovation, continues improvement. And so I'll never say we won't come up with more innovations next year, and also some of these changes will take will take place over the two years, but we will get full impact this year, it will take the 2021, the full impact, the changes, I discussed. But the -- and we're going to continue to innovate. Our planning is that we're going to get 3 to 5 points this year and then in 2021, we'll get back to kind of the normal headcount growth that you've seen in the past. Great, thank you so much. Thank you, this concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Gene Hall for closing remarks. Well, as you heard today, we once again delivered strong performances against across all 3 of our businesses, research consulting the conferences the Gartner formula for sustained long-term growth continues to drive success in our Research business, our GTS organization continues to deliver strong performance GBS accelerated and is on a path to sustained long-term double-digit growth we deliver incredible vote every major function in the enterprise, we have a vast market opportunity. We've made investments of the past few years that position us well to capture that market opportunity. We're aligning our cost growth with revenue growth with the great strategic positioning of GTS and GBS together, leveraging the investments we've made, we are well positioned for sustained long-term double-digit growth. Thanks for joining us today and I look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-31 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Gartner Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Cohen, Gartner, GVP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Cohen: Thank you, Sarah, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for Gartner's third quarter 2019 earnings call. With me today are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Chief Financial Officer. This call will include a discussion of third quarter 2019 financial results and our current outlook for 2019 as disclosed in today's press release. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a detailed review of our financials and business metrics and earnings supplement for investors and analysts. We have posted the press release and the earnings supplement on our website investor.gartner.com. Following comments by Gene and Craig, we will open up the call for your questions. We ask that you limit your questions to one and a follow-up. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to revenue and contribution margin are for adjusted revenue and adjusted contribution margin, which exclude deferred revenue purchase accounting adjustments and the 2018 divestitures. All references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, with the adjustments as described in our earnings release and excluding the 2018 divestitures. All cash flow numbers, unless stated otherwise, are as reported with no adjustments related to the 2018 divestitures. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX neutral unless stated otherwise. In our discussion of Global Business Sales or GBS, we will refer to the GxL products. These are the products for business leaders across an enterprise. Gartner for Marketing Leaders is GML. Gartner for Finance Leaders is GFL and so on. In aggregate, we refer to these products for business leaders as GxL. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. Finally all contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2019 foreign exchange rates. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2018 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now, I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Good morning. Thanks for joining us. For the third quarter 2019, we continued to deliver strong performances across our business. Total revenues were up 11% fueled by double-digit growth in each of our business segments: Research, Conferences and Consulting. We continue to make a significant global impact through these segments. We help more than 15,000 enterprise clients in more than 100 countries around the world with their mission-critical priorities, while providing great jobs to more than 16,000 associates globally. Research, our largest and most profitable segment, is the core of our value proposition. Our Research business was up 10% over this time last year. The Gartner formula for sustained double-digit growth continues to drive success in our Research business. As we previously highlighted, the Gartner formula consists of indispensable insights, exceptional talent, sales excellence and enabling infrastructure. For each of these elements, we drive relentless, globally consistent execution of best practices and consistent improvement and innovation. Global Technology Sales or GTS serves leaders and their teams within IT. This group represents more than 80% of our total Research contract value. GTS contract value growth was 13% year-over-year. We delivered double-digit growth in every region, across every size company and in virtually every industry. Global Business Sales or GBS serves leaders and their teams beyond IT and represents about 20% of our total Research contract value. This includes supply chain and marketing, which we have addressed for several years, as well as other major enterprise roles, including HR, finance, legal sales and more. GBS continued on a path toward double-digit growth with total GBS contract value accelerating to 3%. Our GxL product line continued to gain momentum, with contract value increasing $26 million sequentially. GxL products provide greater value to clients because they are tailored to the client's individual needs. This in turn results in higher prices per user and stronger retention. Beyond better pricing retention, GxL products provide exponentially more growth opportunities because we can sell these high-value products throughout our client's organizations. For Q3, GxL contract value grew 65% year-over-year and new business was up 39%. We expect continued acceleration in GBS contract value. In Q4, if new business growth and retention improvement is the same as it was in Q3, contract value growth will be 9.6%. Our Conferences segment also delivered a terrific performance in Q2 with double-digit revenue growth of 19%. Gartner Conferences combine the outstanding value of research with the immersive experience of live interactions, making every conference we produce the most important gathering for the executives we serve. I recently attended our IT Symposium Conference in Orlando, Florida. This conference is the most important gathering of CIOs and Senior IT Executives in North America. We hosted around 8,000 attendees on site and about 3,000 of these were Chief Information Officers. This is near all-time highs. At our conferences, you can see firsthand the power of Gartner in helping clients achieve their mission-critical priorities. Clients received incredible insights from our analysts. They networked with leading peers and experienced leading edge technology for the most important providers in the world. Our executive attendees were inspired and empowered to succeed as a result of the insights we delivered at this important event. Our associates were equally inspired and excited about the incredible value we deliver to our clients. Our Consulting segment also achieved double-digit growth in Q2 with revenues up 20%. Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research and provides clients a deeper level of involvement through extended project-based work to help them execute their most strategic initiatives. Our growth in the quarter was a combination of our labor-based business and strength in our Contract Optimization business. So, we delivered another strong quarter across all three of our business segments. We continue to have a vast market opportunity. We've made investments over the past two years that position us well to capture that market opportunity. We're preparing our 2020 business plan and expect to continue attractive double-digit growth. We plan to maintain expense growth in line with revenue growth by leveraging investments we've made over the past three years. Specifically, we expect total expense growth to be in line with total revenue growth. We've had a strong history of continuous improvement and continuous innovation. We're shifting the emphasis of our innovations and improvements to be on more tightly managing expenses. Sales is one of our largest expense categories. In sales, we'll be implementing significant innovations that we expect will improve sales expenses relative to contract value. Here are three examples. Territory design is an important factor in determining a salesperson's productivity, especially in a growth company. We've developed a highly sophisticated territory planning capability over the past few years. For 2020, we're making a major advance by making the territory planning process much more dynamic. Another important factor impacting sales expenses is how quickly new sales hires get into the territory and make their first sale. Over the past few years, we developed a very strong recruiting capability. For 2020, we're implementing changes to the recruiting process which will allow us to put salespeople in territory just in time, analogous to just-in-time manufacturing. A third factor impacting sales expenses is training. Over the past few years we developed sales training that is broadly recognized as being outstanding. For our next evolution, we're reducing the amount of upfront training and shifting this training to be just-in-time as a salesperson needs it. This will enable us to be even more effective, while getting salespeople into territory even faster. Beyond sales, we expect to get leverage from the G&A investments we've made over the past few years. We've already begun making these changes to ensure we get the full impact in our 2020 plan. Summarizing, we're shifting to getting returns from the investments we've made over the past three years, while maintaining the long-term growth that captures our enormous market opportunity. Looking ahead, we are well-positioned for sustained long-term growth. We expect continued sustained long-term growth in GTS. We expect continued acceleration in GBS and Conferences and Consulting are on a strong path. Looking ahead to 2020 with the great strategic positioning of GTS and GBS together with leveraging the investments we've made, we expect double-digit topline growth and EBITDA growing approximately in line with revenues. With that I'll hand the call over to Craig.
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. Global Technology Sales, the largest part of our business continues to deliver strong double-digit growth. Global Business Sales continued to accelerate after inflecting to growth last quarter. Our strategy to deliver products and services with the compelling value proposition across all enterprise functions is working. Conferences and Consulting are having outstanding years. Third quarter revenue was $1 billion, up 10% as reported and 11% on an FX-neutral basis. Topline growth was impacted by about 100 basis points in the quarter from the product retirements we've previously discussed. In addition, contribution margin was 64% down 10 basis points from the prior year. EBITDA was $140 million, ahead of expectations, although down 6% year-over-year and 5% FX neutral. Adjusted EPS was $0.70 and free cash flow in the quarter was $190 million. Our Research business had a strong quarter. Research revenue grew 9% year-over-year in the third quarter and 10% on an FX-neutral basis. Third quarter contribution margin was 69%. Total contract value was $3.3 billion at September 30th, growth of 11% versus the prior year. We always report contract value growth in FX-neutral terms. I'll now review the details of our performance for both GTS and GBS. In the third quarter, GTS contract value increased 13% versus the prior year. GTS had contract value of $2.6 billion on September 30, representing just over 80% of our total contract value. Client retention for GTS remained strong at 82%. Wallet retention for GTS was 105% for the quarter, down 16 basis points year-over-year. Our wallet retention rates show that our clients spend more with us each and every year because of the value we provide to them. GTS new business grew 12% versus the third quarter of last year, a strong rebound from second quarter. New businesses coming from a mix of new enterprises and growth in existing enterprises through sales of additional services and upgrades. We ended the third quarter with 12,728 GTS enterprises, up 2% compared to Q3 2018. We've added over 1,600 new enterprises so far in 2019. The majority of client losses are with our smaller, lower spending clients, which you can see in the client retention rates. Moving forward, we expect to grow the number of enterprises as well as expanding the contract value in those enterprises. The average contract value per enterprise continues to grow. It now stands at $208,000 per enterprise in GTS, up 11% year-over-year. Growth in CV per enterprise reflects both price increases as well as upsell and increased numbers of subscriptions. At the end of the third quarter, we had 3,355 quota-bearing associates in GTS, a growth of 14% year-over-year. We have made investments in the GTS sales force and have seen CV accelerate from 2017. Following the additions we made late last year and early this year, we are recalibrating our expense growth to ensure we align it with GTS CV growth. These changes are consistent with our continuing commitment to strong execution and sustained long-term double-digit growth. We expect GTS headcount growth to end 2019 at approximately 10%. With the hiring we've done, the sales force has the capacity to grow GTS contract value between 12% and 16% per year, consistent with our medium-term guidance. For GTS, the year-over-year net contract value increase or NCVI divided by the beginning period quota-bearing headcount was $104,000 per salesperson, down 4% versus the third quarter of last year. The higher headcount growth late last year and into this year brought down the average tenure as new salespeople take time to get the full productivity. One of the benefits of moderating the headcount growth exiting this year and moving into 2020 is that average tenure will increase, which should improve productivity. Turning to Global Business Sales. GBS contract value was $620 million at the end of the third quarter or about 20% of our total contract value. The momentum we saw last quarter continued, with GBS CV increasing 3% year-over-year. The acceleration in GBS contract value was driven by strength in GxL. Total GBS new business was up 26% and retention improved as well. GxL products are an important part of our strategy and continue to gain share. Looking at total contract value from the GxL products, we drove an FX-neutral increase of 65% year-over-year from $154 million to $254 million. We've updated the GxL data we provided the last few quarters on Page 11 of the earnings supplement to highlight the trend in GxL new business and contract value. We sold $35 million of GxL new business in Q3, up 39% versus the prior year quarter. We continue to make great progress with our GxL products across each of the functions GBS serves. More than half of the GxL new business in the quarter came from newly launched products. GxL CV now makes up 41% of our total GBS contract value, up 15 percentage points from Q3 of last year. We're driving increased client engagement through expanded service teams and growing adoption of individualized content and service. For the standalone of quarter, we drove attrition rate down for GBS. For contracts that were up for renewal in the third quarter, attrition improved by about 500 basis points over the prior year quarter. Again, this is a result of the increased engagement we've discussed, a richer mix of GxL renewals and all of our other retention programs having an impact. Our path to continued acceleration and double-digit growth for GBS is clear. As Gene detailed, the path to double-digit growth is based on new business growth and attrition improvement consistent with Q3. At the end of the third quarter, we had 910 quota-bearing associates in GBS or growth of 19%. Headcount was down sequentially as we are recalibrating our cost base. We expect GBS headcount growth to moderate by the end of the year as we shift to reap the benefits of the investments we've made. In conferences, revenues increased by 16% year-over-year in Q3 to $66 million. FX-neutral growth was 19%. Third quarter contribution margin was 41%, down 239 basis points from an especially strong third quarter 2018. The largest impact on the year-over-year Q3 contribution margin comparison was the movement of our Europe supply chain conference into Q2. On a year-to-date basis, conferences contribution margin was flat compared to the prior year. We had 18 destination conferences in the third quarter. On a same conference FX-neutral basis, revenues were up 20% with a 9% increase in attendees and a 100 basis point improvement from same conference contribution margin. Turning to Consulting. Third quarter Consulting revenues increased by 18% year-over-year to $93 million. FX-neutral growth was 20%. Consulting contribution margin was 28% in the third quarter. Labor-based revenues were $78 million, up 11% versus Q3 of last year or 13% on an FX-neutral basis. Labor based billable headcount of 809 was up 11%. Utilization was 57% as the third quarter is our seasonally lowest utilization quarter and also when our annual MBA hires join the company. Backlog at September 30th was $109 million, up 3% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis. Our backlog provides us with about 4.5 months of forward revenue coverage in line with our operating targets. Contract Optimization revenues were up 74% versus the prior year quarter. As we have detailed in the past, this part of the Consulting segment is highly variable. The compares get significantly more challenging in the fourth quarter. SG&A increased 15% year-over-year in the third quarter and 17% on an FX-neutral basis. We will continue to grow sales capacity and the enabling infrastructure to support our strategy of delivering sustained double-digit growth over the long-term. We have started the process to recalibrate the sales and infrastructure investment to align cost growth with revenue growth. EBITDA for the third quarter was $140 million, down 6% year-over-year on a reported basis and 5% on an FX-neutral basis. In the third quarter this year, EBITDA was adversely affected by about four percentage points or $5 million impact due to the product retirements we have discussed. Taking that into consideration, underlying FX-neutral EBITDA was down about 2% in the quarter. Depreciation was up about $3 million from last year as additional office space went into service. Amortization was flat sequentially. Integration expenses were down year-over-year as we have moved past the biggest part of the integration work. During the quarter, we recognized an unrealized gain of $9.1 million related to a minority equity investment that we sold in October. The gain is in other income. This was a heritage CEB minority investment in a small company, which was acquired. Net interest expense excluding deferred financing costs in the quarter was $22 million, down from $25 million in the third quarter of 2018. Our lower net interest expense resulted from lower average debt balances of roughly $170 million. The Q3 adjusted tax rate, which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income was 22.8% for the quarter, lower than expected as a result of more favorable income mix and timing of reserve movements. The tax rate for the items to adjust net income was 24.2% in the quarter. Adjusted EPS in Q3 was $0.70, above our expectations due to operating upside and a lower tax rate. In Q3, operating cash flow was $220 million, compared to $249 million last year. The decrease in operating cash flow is primarily driven by lower EBITDA. Q3 2019 CapEx was $36 million and Q3 acquisition and integration payments and other non-recurring items was approximately $7 million. This yields Q3 free cash flow of $190 million, which is down 17% versus the prior year quarter, normalizing 2018 for divestitures and working capital timing. On a rolling four quarter basis, our free cash flow conversion was 119% of adjusted net income, excluding divested operations and working capital timing. The lower conversion is due to timing and we expect to finish the year with the conversion rate in the high 120s. Turning to the balance sheet. Our September 30th debt balance was about $2.2 billion. Our debt is effectively 100% fixed rate. Adjusting EBITDA for the divestitures, our gross leverage ratio is now about 3.3 times EBITDA. We repurchased $95 million of stock in the quarter at an average price of about $134 per share. We will continue to be price sensitive and opportunistic as we return capital to shareholders. We have $777 million remaining on our repurchase authorization. Our capital allocation strategy remained the same. We deployed our free cash flow and balance sheet flexibility by returning capital to our shareholders through our buyback programs and through strategic value enhancing M&A. Earlier this month, we acquired TOPO, a provider of insight and advice for sales leaders. The overall purchase price was $33 million with a portion of the consideration deferred for a couple of years. Turning to the outlook for 2019. Revenue, adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow and adjusted EPS guidance all remain unchanged from last quarter. The top line growth outlook on an FX-neutral basis remain strong and we are committed to the same second half targets we provided in July. As you're thinking about the fourth quarter in the context of third quarter results there are two points to keep in mind. First Consulting outperformed our expectations in the quarter in both labor-based and Contract Optimization. Most of the upside was revenue we previously forecasted for the fourth quarter. And second, as we began the process to realign our expense growth with our revenue, we shifted some cost out of Q3 and into Q4. Our guidance reflects FX rates as of September 30. FX is causing a roughly two point negative impact to a projected 2019 full year growth rates across revenue, EBITDA, adjusted EPS and free cash flow. The highlights of our full year guidance are as follows: We expect FX-neutral revenue growth of 10% to 11%; we expect adjusted EBITDA in FX-neutral terms of down 1% to up 4%; we expect an adjusted tax rate of around 25.5% for 2019 that implies a mid-50% rate for the fourth quarter; our tax planning related to our intellectual property is ongoing and we anticipate incremental tax costs in the fourth quarter. Please note that, if you are adding back from GAAP net income the rate for the tax effect on the add-backs is also about 25.5%. For 2019, we expect free cash flow of $400 million to $430 million. That is a projected FX-neutral change of down 2% to up 5% versus our normalized 2018 free cash flow. All the details of our full year guidance are included on our Investor Relations site. In summary, GTS contract value growth continues to be strong and sales of our new GxL products and GBS continue to rise. Our Conferences and Consulting businesses both had great quarters. We expect to finish the year with free cash flow conversion from net income in the high 120 percents. As we prepare for 2020, we are actively recalibrating our investments to ensure cost growth is in line with revenue growth. And we continue to apply the Gartner formula across the combined business to drive sustained long-term double-digit growth to revenues, EBITDA and free cash flow. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler with Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeff Meuler: Yeah. Thank you. To start, can you just give some more color on the improved GTS new business sold trend. And I guess, what I'm wondering if last quarter you talked about an abnormal amount of management or operational change and that had some impact. I'm just curious, does it tie back to those regions or just anything you can say about the improved GTS new business sold trend?
Gene Hall: Good morning, Jeff. Thanks for the question. I think our new business performance obviously we want to drive consistent double-digit improvements in our new business on a year-over-year basis. We got back on track for that trend in the third quarter with strong new business growth. I think that the challenges we detailed last quarter, we are working our way through them. It takes time to work through them. So I would definitely not attribute the rebound to  those things all bounce back. But I just attribute it to: one, we have a huge market opportunity which we continue to go after; two, we've continued to grow our sales force to go after that opportunity; and three we have an expectation that we'll drive double-digit growth in our new business to basically support or sustain double-digit growth within GTS.
Jeff Meuler: Okay. And then on the way that you're managing expenses and margin I know, it's being well received from your shareholders base, but I guess just want to make sure that the way you're managing it doesn't ultimately impact growth. And I hear you on the GBS sales headcount that you've kind of already made the investment and it's time to harvest that. But the other things that you're citing, they sound to me like kind of the continual improvements that Gartner is always making. So am I wrong about that? Is there some reason why we should think that those productivity impacts will be bigger from this round of initiatives? Or are there other areas other than kind of harvesting GBS sales headcount where you're actually reducing spend or not making investments that you otherwise would have made?
Gene Hall: Hey, Jeff, it's Gene. I put it in two categories. One is  or three categories, I'm sorry, three categories. One is sort of in GBS where again, as you correctly articulated we made some major investments since we acquired CEB. We're seeing those returns on those investments, we're very focused and making sure we get those returns to the investment. We've got the sales force trained and we got the products introduced. And so now we want to make sure we focus on getting returns from that, and so we see a big upside there. Secondly, in GTS similarly we've made  in GTS similarly we made some investments over the last year  during that same period of time, and we invested a little higher rate than we had invested even before this CEB acquisition. And we have a similar situation just not as pronounced as it was on the GBS side. And some of the changes involve some innovations like -- I took you through three of them and we think are material innovations that will affect in particular, the expense relative to contract value which is really important in sales. And the last thing I also mentioned which is, we do think that there is some leverage we can get out of our G&A that we haven't gotten over the last couple of years. And I'll give you an example which is as we grew we had some major real estate projects. Those projects are now at a point where we can start getting the benefits from those and so we have less of a drag in G&A from those, which is part of the reason we can expect, as I said G&A to grow slower than our overall revenues going forward.
Jeff Meuler: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you, good morning. I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit more around the client count reduction. It's been three quarters now. I know you said most of it was on the small business side, but that's usually the case. So I was just wondering is there anything incremental. And your confidence in growing that again are you going to shift strategy to more larger accounts or if there's any change there at all?
Craig Safian: Good morning, Manav. And thanks for the question. I think on the enterprise account thing -- or the enterprise account trend I should say, there are a few things going on there. One is; as we have talked about in the past, any M&A obviously won't impact that count and we have been in a period where there's been more M&A than normal and that has a modest impact on the count. And the second piece which we talked about last quarter was, we're continually refreshing and updating our data sources and that does and has over the last three or four quarters impacted the enterprise count a little bit to the negative as we've cleaned up data and consolidated certain enterprises; again, another modest impact. The third thing I'd say is, which I alluded to in the prepared remarks, we're continuing to add new enterprises at a very strong clip in GTS. As I mentioned through the first three quarters, we've added over 1600 gross new enterprises. You will note a modest uptick or downtick I should say in our client retention rate. And essentially you're not seeing the increases you've historically seen in our enterprise count because of the cleanup and because of the small downtick in the client retention rate. Going forward, I don't think there's any change in the strategy. It's not about going after larger companies. The note I'd make around the really small companies and small tech companies in particular is, we have a different strategy around how we're attacking them. The bulk of our market is really not them and so, we want to make sure that we handle that bit of the business in a more efficient, more effective, and more profitable manner. But the market opportunity remains really, really, really vast and we'll continue to go after that opportunity by adding new salespeople and by growing the enterprise count over the long term.
Manav Patnaik: Okay, got it. And Gene just to follow-up on your last comment there around seeing the returns in a lot of your investments and making sure you see more. I guess how will we see it? Like shouldn't we also see some of that with some signs of improved margins, given the heavy investment? Or is that maybe two years out which is why you guided to flat margins for next year?
Craig Safian: Hey, Manav, I'll jump in. You mentioned margin so Gene looked over to me. So I think the way to think about it is, I think you're right. So two things; one is, we're not providing 2020 guidance yet. We're working our 2020 operating plan as we speak and we'll give you and all of our investors the details of that plan in early February. Two, I do think there is time that takes to actually see those benefits flow through especially given the routable nature of the bulk of our revenues. And so what Gene stated and which I affirmed is, we believe for 2020 revenues and expenses and EBITDA will grow roughly in line with one another. And in my mind that's the first step towards seeing the real benefits of all the investments we've put in place.
Manav Patnaik: All right. Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Gary Bisbee: Hey guys, good morning. As Gene -- I guess the first question for you on the sales changes that you mentioned can you just give us a little more color? I've always thought your sales turning was a key part of your long-term success. So reducing that upfront more I guess you said just in time as you go, what does that really mean? And is there any productivity risk around that in similar concept on the recruiting process changes or even the new way you're managing territories? What's the risk to those strategy?
Gene Hall: So let me just -- I mean there's clearly risk in anything you do, but we think these are actually -- have a lot of upside to it. And let me just take for example the training piece. So the way we have traditionally trained is, we'll bring a new person on and depending what role they're in and what geography they're in the training is six to eight weeks long and it's really good training. We have -- it really gives them a lot of tools. What we found is after getting training for a couple of weeks, the kind of retention of what they've learned isn't as high as you'd like. And so we've come up with what we think is our big innovation there, which is shortening the upfront training to approximately -- again, it will vary, they call it approximately two weeks. And then delivering the others -- other training, as they're in -- throughout their first year, but when they need it. So for example, you might have a training session on how to handle client objections for a particular product. If you get the training upfront well, it's much more applicable, if they're about to talk to a client about that particular product to get their firm hand on how to handle objections, the day before as opposed to three months beforehand where they -- the retention that there -- what they remember about what they were told is a lot lower. And so the way to think about it is, they're going to get the same amount of training, but this is actually a much more effective way to do it, because we give them the bases what they need upfront. And then each week they would get a booster on the specific things they need to address the challenges, they have there with their client base that particular week. And so the total training we are not thinking of is less, it's just a smarter way to do it, where they get it where they can really use it. Any studies that you read and our experience is the same, which is, if you get trained the day -- if the salesperson gets trained the day before they have to actually use it, they pay higher a lot attention than if its the fifth week of six weeks of training for something they're going to use in nine months, if you're with me. And so the way to think about it is, same training, just much more effectively delivered. It also happens to help our cost structure, because then we have people into territories sooner. And so instead of going to territory after six or eight weeks, they're going to territory after two weeks, and so they actually start learning their client base and get to that first sale faster, which gives them a lot of confidence.
Gary Bisbee: Great. That's helpful. And then Craig just one for you. When you talked about free cash flow, I think I heard you say ex the divestiture's fine. But could you also say when you're talking about conversion ex working capital movements. And if so, two part or are you changing how you talk about cash flow conversion, number one? Number two, is there anything about the working capital characteristic particularly now that you've got CV growing at GBS that we should think it's different than what it's been in the past?
Craig Safian: Good morning, Gary. Good question. So the working capital timing adjustment that we've discussed relates to the catch-up where we got behind at the end of 2017, which we talked about which really impacted 2017 free cash flow. At the time, we said it was about a $40 million impact of free cash flows, because we had challenges in the integration with getting the invoices out about $40 million of 2017 free cash flow split into 2018. And so when we talk about the adjustment -- the "adjustment" for working capital timing, that's splitting that $40 million back in 2017 when we do the year-over-year comparison to get a better view on what the true organic growth rate is in free cash flow. And then on the second part of your question, no change to the working capital characteristics of the company. We remain really focused on making sure that we leverage and get the benefits out of the negative working capital characteristics of our Research businesses. We're very, very, very focused on that, as we've discussed in the past and as you alluded to. As GBS contract value accelerates, that clearly is a benefit on those negative working capital components, because as that business is growing faster, we could take more advantage of it. And the third thing, I'd say is, we remain very focused on improving the efficiency of our working capital as well. And so I think as we roll forward, we would expect to see us continue to get the benefits, perhaps even get more benefits out of the fundamentals of our working capital model as we grow both GTS CV and GBS CV.
Gary Bisbee: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks very much. Craig you mentioned the two main reasons for keeping the guidance you see in Consulting and the expenses shifting into Q4. Would you say there is similar conservatism in the guidance than last quarter? And are there any incremental factors that you're seeing that are maybe a little bit less good and that's the reason you're keeping it the same?
Craig Safian: Yeah. Hey, good morning Toni. Thanks for the question. I think the way to think about the guidance is when we came out of Q2 and with our adjustments there, we were very focused on delivering what we committed to over the second half of 2019. And as we rolled through Q3, I'd say, again, the three -- the two things I mentioned on the call most notably, the timing around Consulting and deferral of certain expenses into -- from Q3 into Q4 certainly were the largest impacts. You might argue we were a little conservative in the Q3 number, when we came out with it, but I would not imply huge overarching conservatism over our second half target, which we remain committed to.
Toni Kaplan: Okay. Great. And then I wanted to ask about Conferences. I think I probably hadn't appreciated the link between Conferences and Research sales as much as I should have. And so can you just talk about how the GBS Conferences have been going? And I guess if there's any way to quantify how much benefit you normally get from a conference translating into Research sales later on? And anything in terms of improvement with Evanta, that would be great? Thank you.
Gene Hall: So, our Conferences are a great business and it's a great way to leverage our Research, where we do research on a particular topic. Obviously, that's very relevant to the people that are Research clients. It's also very relevant to people that are not yet Research clients. And so, we've introduced, as you pointed out, Conferences for GBS, taken for the ones that we've had smaller and those have all done great. They've really grown very rapidly, they've been very attractive to both, the existing Research clients as well as people buying their own ticket separately. And we intend to continue that whole strategy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Nicholas with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Andrew Nicholas: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just -- I wanted to talk about GBS a little bit. When we're thinking about your ability to get to double-digit GB growth next quarter, is that entirely a function of generating new GxL business? Or do you think there's still a little bit of room to go in terms of improving your legacy attrition?
Gene Hall: Hey, good morning, Andrew. I think, it's absolutely both, as we've discussed throughout the year. Our focus clearly has been on GxL and GxL new business, and that's been going really, really well for us, as we've described in -- as you can see, in our disclosure information. I would note, though, that we have also been very focused on improving the attrition rates across the entire GBS portfolio. And so, the numbers we've given over the past couple of quarters have been inclusive of both GxL and the legacy leadership talent pool. And we've seen really significant and material improvements in our attrition rates and they've improved from quarter to quarter to quarter, with our best quarter so far being Q3. And that's across both GxL and legacy leadership council business. And so, yes, that is absolutely a big lever for us. The bigger lever is clearly continued momentum in GxL new business. But every dollar we save from an attrition perspective, obviously, helps to accrete the overall growth rate.
Andrew Nicholas: Great. Thank you. And then, within GxL, again, I know you target a number of different verticals there, HR, sales so on and so forth. I'm just curious if you could speak to where you're seeing the most traction. And then, maybe on the flipside, which verticals you would like to see grow a bit faster? Thank you.
Craig Safian: Yes. I'll talk to the quantitative part of that question and Gene can talk strategically. I think, the really nice thing that we've seen since we launched the GxL products is each of the functions that we serve, we've seen really, really strong -- continued strong growth and accelerating growth. And one of the things we keep mentioning is, more than half of the new business we've generated in each of last three quarters, more than half of it has come from the new GxL products that were launched post acquisition. So, meaning, we're doing well and continue to do well on the marketing and supply chain. GxL offerings that we had prior to the CEB acquisition, but we're really growing rapidly across all the functions that we now have GxL products for. And, again, whether you look at HR, or legal, or finance, they're all doing really, really well. GxL new business and each of those enterprise functions is up significantly on a year-over-year basis and we've seen really nice progress across all the functions.
Gene Hall: Yes. If I could add to that there, we don't have a place that we sort of say, hey, it's underperforming relative to the expectations.
Andrew Nicholas: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jeff Silber: Thanks so much. Wanted to go back to the margin discussion. If I go back a number of years ago before you guys bought CEB, now GBS, you were generating adjusted EBITDA margins of close to 19% or so. I know, GBS was a different business. You've made a lot of investments and a lot of improvements. But I think when you bought the company, you were hoping to make it a Gartner-like company, which you're making significant amount of progress already. Do you think we can get back to these adjusted EBITDA margins around 19% over time?
Craig Safian: Good morning, Jeff. Yes. I think, we are committed, as we talked about, to getting returns on the investments we've made. And we spent a lot of time this morning talking about -- and last quarter as well, talking about and showing that we are aligning our cost structure to our revenue growth. And so, I think the way to think about it is we are committed to that. We're going to go after that and when we get through 2020, we can start talking about what 2021 and 2022 and 2023 will look like. But for now, I think, we're very focused on finishing this year, making sure that we enter 2020 in the best possible condition both from a bookings perspective and also from a cost structure perspective. And then, we're going to take it from there.
Jeff Silber: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open.
Joseph Foresi: Hi. I guess my first question here is just around -- it seems like there's a shift in strategy and that maybe the investment cycle for GxL is over at this point. Is that accurate? And if so, why this quarter versus other quarters?
Gene Hall: So, it's Gene. So there is a shift in strategy. You're right and the shift in strategy we -- over the last three years, we've been investing for the future. In particular, with things like getting the GxL products in place, getting the sales force trained on, getting our sales force capacity up, moving the -- all of the GTS tools and training and so forth into GBS that all took a lot of investment. We've now made those investments, and we feel like there's leverage we can get out of those. And so, there really is a big shift in strategy from putting those investments in place to now, actually we have them in place and getting acceleration to take advantage of those investments. Obviously, and so, we have been investing ahead of our CEB growth, particularly in GBS. Now we want to make sure that we get all the levers we can out of those investments.
Joseph Foresi: Okay. And then secondly, and I guess this for you Craig, because you get the margin questions or Gene will at least point to you form. On the margin side, if GxL improves and the revenues accelerate there as you're implying with the guidance of the contract value, is it fair to say that margins will follow it up? Because I mean it's been an area of dilution. Or is there any reason to think that there'd be a separation there? Thanks.
Craig Safian: Hi. Good morning, Joe. Thank you. Again, I think the way to think about it is that, as Gene just mentioned, we have invested a lot. The investments are largely in people and we continue to pay those people. And that cost base is relatively fixed, but we'll continue to go up with inflation and things of that nature. I -- we absolutely do believe that as we accelerate our -- the GxL business and the GBS business in total, that all other things equal, that is definitely a help for our margin profile and margin position. I would remind you that GBS only represents about 20% of our total contract value and probably only 15% of our total revenue. And so, it does have an impact, but a modest or more muted impact than you might think just given the size of it. The real kind of margin or profit profile or incremental profitability that we generate really comes out of our GTS business, which is again a $2.6 billion business that's growing at 13% per year. And again, we remain committed to making sure that we align our cost base with our -- cost base growth, with our revenue growth, and that's how we're thinking about it as we plan for 2020. And as we roll again into future years, we will continue to update everyone on how we're going to manage the business going forward.
Joseph Foresi: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open
George Tong: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. You indicated earlier that GBS CV growth will be about 9.6% in the fourth quarter if new business and attrition improvements in the third quarter carry over to 4Q. Can you outline precisely what assumptions that involve and maybe talk about the top two or three factors that could cause the trends from 3Q not to carry over to 4Q?
Craig Safian: Yeah. Hey, good morning George. So, the top line assumptions are new business growth of 26% year-over-year, which is what we achieved in Q3 and about a 500 basis point improvement in the attrition rates, which also is what we achieved in Q3. And so as Gene went through the math, those are the assumptions that we've used to get to that 9.6% based on the amount of contract value we have expiring in the fourth quarter. As you know, Q4 is a big quarter for us in total for GBS in particular, both on the new business side where we generate a significant amount of our new business in the fourth quarter and also with our expiring CV. It tends to be the -- or it is the highest weighted quarter in terms of expiring CV. But again, if you just extend what we saw in Q3 into Q4 with the new business improvement and the attrition improvement, if you run that math you get to 9.6%.
George Tong: Got it. That's helpful. And I want to tackle the margin question a little bit differently. Last quarter, you took down the full year margins from about 17.5% to about 16% at the midpoint for EBITDA because you were pulling forward the open territory highers, and now it sounds like you're going to recalibrate your expense growth to match the top line growth, and it's going to take about a year for 2020 for that to happen so roughly flat margins. But as you manage the margins longer term is there room for the margins to get back to where they were just about a quarter ago in terms of the outlook of around 17.5%? Or do you see a structural change in the business that might cause 16% to be the new norm?
Craig Safian: Hey, George. Excellent job of re-swizzling the question in a thoughtful way, so thank you for that. So again, I think that there is nothing structurally different in the business. We're running it in a very similar way to the way we ran it forever within Gartner. Again, we're very focused for 2020 again as we've talked about around just making sure that our cost growth and our -- is aligned with our revenue growth that's kind of step one in the process. If everything works and goes well is there potential for some margin benefit? Yes, we would say that absolutely. How much? We'll come back to you on that as we kind of get through this first phase, which is really making sure that we are aligned for 2020.
George Tong: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back to Gene Hall for closing remarks.
Gene Hall: Well, as you heard today, we, once again, delivered strong performance across all three of our businesses Research, Consulting and Conferences. Gartner formula for sustained long-term growth continues to drive success in our Research business. Our GTS organization continues to deliver strong performance. GBS continued on the path towards double-digit growth and we expect GBS contract value to continue to accelerate. We delivered credible value to every major function of the enterprise. We have a vast market opportunity. We've made investments over the past few years that positions well to capture that market opportunity. And looking ahead to 2020 with the great strategic positioning of GTS and GBS together with leveraging the investments we've made, we expect double-digit topline growth and EBITDA growing approximately in line with revenues. Thanks for listening. We look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Gartner Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] Please note that today's call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, David Cohen, Gartner's GVP of Investor Relations. Mr. Cohen, you may begin.
David Cohen: Thank you, Sarah, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for Gartner's second quarter 2019 earnings call. With me today are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Chief Financial Officer. This call will include a discussion of second quarter 2019 financial results and our current outlook for 2019 as disclosed in today's press release. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a detailed review of our financials and business metrics in an earnings supplement for investors and analysts. We have posted the press release and the earnings supplement on our website investor.gartner.com. Following comments by Gene and Craig, we will open up the call for your questions. We ask that you limit your questions to one and a follow-up. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to revenue and contribution margin are for adjusted revenue and adjusted contribution margin, which exclude the deferred revenue purchase accounting adjustment and the 2018 divestitures. All references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA with the adjustments as described in our earnings release and excluding the 2018 divestitures. All cash flow numbers, unless stated otherwise, are as reported, with no adjustments related to the 2018 divestitures. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX neutral, unless stated otherwise. In our discussion of Global Business Sales, or GBS, we will refer to the GxL products. These are the products for business leaders across the enterprise. Gartner for Marketing Leaders is GML, Gartner for Finance Leaders is GFL and so on. In aggregate, we refer to these products for business leaders as GxL. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2019 foreign exchange rates. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2018 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. For the second quarter of 2019, we continue to deliver strong performances across our business. Total revenues were up 12%, fueled by double-digit growth in each of our business segments -- Research, Conferences and Consulting. We continue to make significant global impact through these segments. We help more than 15,000 enterprise clients in more than 100 countries around the world with their mission-critical priorities, while providing great jobs to more than 16,000 associates globally. Research, our largest and most profitable segment, is the core of our value proposition. Our Research business was up 10% over this time last year. The Gartner formula for sustained double-digit growth drives our success in our Research business. As we've previously highlighted, the Gartner formula consists of indispensable insights, exceptional talent, sales excellence and enabling infrastructure. For each of these elements, we drive relentless, globally consistent execution of best practices and continues improvement in innovation. Global Technology Sales or GTS, serves leaders and their teams within IT. This group represents more than 80% of our total research contract value. GTS contract value growth was 14% year-over-year. We delivered double-digit growth in every region across every sized company and in virtually every industry. Global Business Sales, or GBS, serves leaders and their teams beyond IT and represents about 20% of our total research contract value. This includes supply chain and marketing, which we've addressed for several years, as well as other major enterprise roles including HR, finance, legal, sales and more. GBS continued on a path towards double-digit growth with total GBS contract value accelerating to 1%. Our GxL product line continued to gain momentum with contract value increasing $20 million sequentially. GxL products provide greater value to clients because they are tailored to the client's individual needs. This in turn results in higher prices per user and stronger retention. Beyond better pricing retention, GxL products provide exponentially more growth opportunities, because we can sell these high-value products throughout our clients' organizations. For Q2, GxL contract value grew 71% year-over-year and new business was up 51%. We continue to expect double-digit contract value growth in GBS by the end of the year. Our Conferences segment also delivered a terrific performance in Q2, with double-digit revenue growth up 29%. Gartner Conferences combined the outstanding value for research with the immersive experience of live interactions, making every conference we produce, the most important gathering for the executives we serve. We continue to invest in our Conferences portfolio. In GTS, we expanded our flagship conference, Gartner IT Symposium. We held an IT symposium conference in Canada, which exceeded performance expectations. In GBS, we continue to build out our conference portfolio to align to the GBS rules we serve. In June, we launched the Gartner CFO in Finance Executive conference. This program featured strategic guidance on the trends that shape finance, company performance and personal leadership. We gave participants the opportunity to connect with peers and talk one-on-one with thought leaders. This conference had a great attendance with 63% of attendees at the CFO or VP level. Over time, we'll launch additional conferences to put the other functions in GBS. In addition to all that, we'll continue growing the Evanta business. Our Consulting segment also achieved double-digit growth in Q2 with revenues up 10%. Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research. It provides clients a deeper level of involvement through extended project-based work to help them execute their most strategic initiatives. Our growth in the quarter was a combination of our labor-based business and strength in our Contract Optimization business. As you will hear from Craig, we've adjusted our guidance for the rest of the year. These changes are driven by two factors: A modest reduction in expected revenues and a modest increase in expected costs. The revenue change was driven by two factors as well. First, lower non-subscription Research revenue than expected. Within our Research segment, we have some non-subscription-based products, many of which are legacy. One of our strategic priorities is emphasizing subscription-based research offerings compared to non-subscription-based offerings. In Q2, our non-subscription-based revenues were lower than expected, and we expect this to affect the revenues during the rest of the year as well. The second factor is lower than forecast subscription revenue. While very strong, our contract value growth is modestly below our plan set out at the start of the year. There are number of drivers that are individually minor, but in aggregate have an impact. These items included a larger than usual number of sales leadership changes in GTS, expanded deployment of sales teams into our Dallas and Barcelona offices and changes to our selling approach for various small tech companies. The second major factor driving our adjusted guidance is a modest increase in costs as we were more successful than expected in filling open sales territories. Sales territories become open through a combination of planned growth, promotions, lateral moves within Gartner, sales people leaving the business. Once the salesperson gives notice that they're leaving, it takes about three months to hire a replacement and another six weeks to train them before they get into territory. It can take longer in some countries or when specialized skills are needed. Now we sell less in a sales territory with no salesperson than one that has a salesperson. So one of our priorities is to minimize the time sales territories are open. We made significant progress last year. We exceeded our expectations again this year and expect this trend to continue. For example, in one of our sales organizations, we planned for 6% open territories and are achieving 2%. Over time, this additional sales people come up to speed, which will lead to higher sales. In the near term, we incur higher-than-planned costs. These include compensation, recruiting, training and technology. As a result, we're expecting our SG&A through the rest of the year to be higher than originally planned with the payout in incremental sales being realized in 2020. So we've adjusted our guidance to reflect a modest reduction in revenues combined with a modest increase in costs. Looking ahead, we are well positioned for sustained double-digit growth. We expect continued sustained double-digit growth in GTS. We're at an inflection point in GBS. We've invested to get GBS on a growth trajectory to realize the incredible market potential. In Q2, contract value growth accelerated, and we expect to continue acceleration. Going forward, we expect to get a strong return on the investments we've made in GBS, with GBS contributing to both higher research contract value growth and increasing profits. And of course, Conferences and Consulting are on a strong path. Looking ahead to 2020 with the great strategic positioning of GTS and GBS together with leveraging the investments we've made, we expect double-digit top line growth and EBITDA growing approximately in line with revenues. With that, I'll hand the call over to Craig.
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. Global Technology Sales, the largest part of our business continues to deliver exceptional growth. Global Business Sales contract value growth turned positive. Our strategy to deliver products and services with a compelling value proposition across all enterprise functions is working. Conferences and Consulting are having outstanding years. This year, we are completing a period of above-trend investments across our business positioning us for sustained long-term double-digit growth. Second quarter revenue was $1 billion, up 9% on a reported basis and 12% on an FX-neutral basis. The product retirements we discussed last quarter impacted the top line growth rate by about 130 basis points. In addition, contribution margin was 64%, up 39 basis points from the prior year. EBITDA was $185 million, up 1% year-over-year and 4% FX neutral, slightly above our expectations. Adjusted EPS was $1.45 with meaningful help from tax, and free cash flow in the quarter was $197 million. Our Research business had a strong quarter. Research revenue grew 8% in the second quarter and 10% on an FX-neutral basis. Second quarter contribution margin was 69%. Total contract value was $3.2 billion at June 30. FX neutral growth of 11% versus the prior year. I'll now review the details of our performance for both GTS and GBS. In the second quarter, GTS contract value increased 14% versus the prior year. GTS had contract value of $2.6 billion on June 30, representing just over 80% of our total contract value. Client retention for GTS remained strong at 82%. Wallet retention for GTS was 105% for the quarter, up 25 basis points year-over-year. The combination of the client and wallet retention rates show how our clients spend more with us each and every year reinforcing the value we provide to clients. GTS new business increased 4% versus the second quarter of last year, which had a very strong new business -- which had very strong new business growth. New business is coming from a mix of new enterprises and growth in existing enterprises through sales of additional services and upgrades. The third quarter pipeline is strong. We ended the second quarter with 12,739 GTS enterprises, up 3% compared to Q2 2018. The average contract value for enterprise also continues to grow. It now stands at $203,000 for enterprise in GTS, up 10% year-over-year. As we discussed previously, we continue to invest in GTS. The investments in headcount growth and improving productivity are driving the GTS acceleration you have seen over the course of 2018 and into the first half of 2019. At the end of the second quarter, we had 3,207 quota-bearing associates in GTS or growth of 14%, reflecting our planned growth and the better-than-expected reduction in our open territories. For GTS, the year-over-year net contract value increase, or NCVI, provided by the beginning period quota-bearing headcount was $110,000 per salesperson, up 2% versus second quarter of last year. This is the seventh consecutive quarter of year-over-year productivity improvement. Turning to Global Business Sales. GBS contract value was $602 million at the end of the second quarter or about 20% of total contract value. CV returned to growth, increasing 1% year-over-year. Many of our GBS metrics continue to be affected by the discontinuation in 2018 of sales of the largest legacy products. As we described the last couple of quarters, the discontinuations were based on a purposeful strategy that allows our sales team to focus on GxL products going forward. GxL products continue to gain share and are an important part of our strategy. Looking at total contract value from the GxL products, we drove an FX-neutral increase of 71% year-over-year from $133 million to $228 million. Similar to the last 2 quarters, on Page 11 of the earnings supplement, we provided a bridge from the first quarter to second quarter. We sold $29 million of GXL new business in Q2, up 51% versus the prior year quarter. We continue to make great progress with our GXL products across each of the functions GBS serves. More than half of the GXL new business in the quarter came from newly launched products. GXL CV now makes up 38% of our total GBS contract value, up 16 percentage points from Q2 of last year. While legacy GBS CV attrition is close to 30%, GXL attrition is around 20%, almost at GTS levels. We reduced attrition levels through improving client engagement. We are driving increased client engagement through expanded service teams and growing adoption of individualized content and service. For the stand-alone quarter, we drove attrition rates down for GBS. For contracts that were up for renewal in the second quarter, attrition improved by about 270 basis points over the prior year quarter. Again, this is a result of the increased engagement, we discussed in all of our other retention programs having an impact. We continue to expect to achieve double-digit CV growth in GBS by the end of this year. The combination of improving attrition and corresponding retention rates and continued ramping of GXL new business are the metrics that will get us there. At the end of the second quarter, we had 919 quota-bearing associates in GBS or growth of 24%. We expect GBS headcount growth to moderate by the end of the year to approximately 16% to 18%. We have made significant investments in GBS in sales as well as in research, products and services. With the investments we have made and those contemplated in our guidance, we are well positioned to see the benefits as we move into 2020. In Conferences, revenues increased by 27% year-over-year in Q2 to $141 million. FX-neutral growth was 29%. Second quarter contribution margin was 57%, up slightly from the same quarter last year. We had very strong growth from GBS Conferences including marketing and supply chain. As Gene mentioned, we also had a very successful launch of our first Conference for finance leaders. And the Evanta continues to grow over 20%, a significant improvement from before we owned it. We had 27 destination Conferences in the second quarter. On the same Conference FX-neutral basis, revenues were up 21% with an 18% increase in attendees. The second quarter is typically our second largest quarter after the fourth quarter and Q2 was strong for our Conferences business. Second quarter Consulting revenues increased by 7% to $104 million. FX-neutral growth was 10%. Consulting contribution margin was 33% in the second quarter. Labor-based revenues were $79 million, up 3% versus Q2 of last year or 5% on an FX-neutral basis. Labor-based billable headcount of 773 was up 9%. Utilization was 63%. Backlog at June 30 was $110 million, up 7% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis. Our pipeline for the second half of the year remained strong. Contract optimization revenues were up 27% versus the prior year quarter. As we have detailed in the past, this part of our -- this part of the Consulting segment is highly variable. SG&A increased 13% year-over-year in the second quarter or 16% on an FX-neutral basis. We continue to grow sales capacity and the enabling infrastructure to support our strategy of delivering sustained double-digit growth over the long term. The enabling infrastructure includes investments in human resources functions like recruiting and in real estate to support our increased number of associates around the world. As we discussed at Investor Day, our largest dollar investments are in GTS where we have seen strong growth in contract value and higher productivity. Our continuing investments in GCS, the Conferences' sales team, have been driving faster growth in that segment. GBS investments are also continuing, and we expect to see contract value acceleration this year and going forward, which will drive return on the investments we have been making. Across all of our sales teams, we are investing to increase territories to reduce open roles and to drive improvements in sales productivity. Adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter was $185 million, up 1% on a reported basis and 4% on an FX-neutral basis. EBITDA was adversely affected by about 5 percentage points or $7 million impact due to the product retirements. Taking that into consideration, the underlying FX-neutral EBITDA growth was about 9% in the quarter. Depreciation was up about $3 million from last year as additional office space went into service. Amortization was flat sequentially after taking an expected step down in the fourth quarter last year as some of the acquisition intangibles reached their 18-month life. Integration expenses were down year-over-year as we have moved past the biggest part of the integration work. Interest expense excluding deferred financing cost in the quarter was $23 million, down from $28 million in the second quarter of 2018. The lower interest expense resulted from paying down roughly $250 million in debt over the past year. The Q2 adjusted tax rate, which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income, was negative 3% for the quarter. The adjusted tax rate for the quarter was affected positively by an intercompany sale of intellectual property, which resulted in the material favourable impact on the adjusted tax rate. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was 23.1% in the quarter. Adjusted EPS in Q2 was $1.45 with upside relative to our expectations from below the line items including a lower-than-expected tax rate. In Q2, operating cash flow was $227 million compared to $174 million last year. The increase in operating cash flow was driven by lower interest expense, lower taxes and contributions from working capital. Q2, 2019 CapEx was $39 million and Q2 cash acquisition and integration payments and other nonrecurring items was approximately $8 million. This yields Q2 free cash flow of $197 million, which is up 25% versus the prior year quarter, normalizing 2018 for divestitures and working capital timing. On a rolling 4-quarter basis, our free cash flow conversion was 126% of adjusted net income excluding divested operations and working capital timing. Turning to the balance sheet. Our June 30, debt balance was about $2.2 billion. Our debt is 100% fixed rate. Adjusting EBITDA for the divestitures, our gross leverage ratio is now about 3.2x EBITDA. We repurchased about $2 million of stock in the quarter. We will continue to be price-sensitive and opportunistic as we return capital to shareholders. We have about $870 million remaining on our repurchase authorization. Our capital allocation strategy remains the same. We deploy our free cash flow and balance sheet flexibility by returning capital to our shareholders through our buyback programs and through strategic value-enhancing M&A. Turning to the outlook for 2019. We've recalibrated our revenue outlook, modestly lowering the growth expectations in Research including the non-subscription fees while increasing the expectations for Conferences and Consulting. The top line growth outlook on an FX neutral basis remained strong. In addition, as we move through the first half of the year, we decided to make modest investments, most notably reducing the level of open territories in GBS. Our GTS and Conferences investments have been generating returns, and we expect to see returns from the GBS investments as we move into 2020. As a result of these changes, we revised our outlook relative to our initial guidance. As you think about modeling the operations for the rest of the year, we expect mostly typical seasonality for the quarter we're facing. In addition, our guidance reflects FX rates as of June 30. Due to U.S. dollar strengthening, we expect FX to cost roughly two-point negative impact for projected 2019 full year growth rates across revenue, EBITDA, adjusted EPS and free cash flows. Looking at our updated full year guidance, we expect revenue towards the lower end of the $4.2 billion to $4.3 billion range. That is FX neutral growth of 10% to 11%. This reflects research revenues of about $3.355 billion to $3.380 billion or adoption at the midpoint of about 2%. About half of the reduction is from non-subscription products and services. As a reminder, in addition to the non-core businesses that we've divested over the course of 2018, there were some additional products from the CEB acquisition that we viewed as non-core. We retired these, which is impacting our 2019 total revenue growth rate by about 75 basis points. This is almost $30 million, about two-thirds of which drops to EBITDA. Additionally, as Gene mentioned, our Q2 non-subscription-based revenues were lower than expected, and we expect this trend to continue for the rest of the year. We expect adjusted EBITDA of $670 million to $700 million. FX neutral growth of down 1% to up 4%. Some of the lower EBITDA reflects modestly lower revenue expectations. In addition, this reflects incremental operating expense of 1% to 2% versus our prior outlook. As Gene mentioned, we decided to invest on the original plan to take advantage of the opportunities we see for increased growth, most notably the reduction in open territories. We expect an adjusted tax rate of around 25.5% for the full year 2019. Please note that if you're adding back from GAAP net income, the rate for the tax effect on the add backs is also about 25.5%. Our full year tax rate remains unchanged despite the benefit in the second quarter. Our tax planning related to our intellectual property is ongoing, and we anticipate incremental tax cost in the fourth quarter. We expect 2019 adjusted EPS of between $3.39 and $3.64 per share, a range of down 7% to flat year-over-year. For 2019, we expect free cash flow of $400 million to $430 million as the projected FX neutral change of down 2% to up 5% versus our normalized 2018 free cash flow. All the details of our full year guidance are included on our Investor Relations site. For the third quarter, we expect adjusted EPS of about $0.40 to $0.45 per share. As you build your models, remember that last year's third quarter EBITDA was very strong. This year, we have a larger cost base, and the third quarter is a small revenue quarter, which magnifies the effect of the costs. And finally, we expect our adjusted tax rate to be in the low 30s on a percentage basis. Through the first half of the year, we have delivered strong results across our business. Notably, GTS contract value growth continues to be strong and sales of our new GxL products in GBS continue to rise. Our Conferences and Consulting businesses both had outstanding quarters. Free cash flow was up versus last year and conversion was stable. We are applying the Gartner formula across the combined business to drive sustained long-term double-digit growth to revenues, EBITDA and free cash flow. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tim McHugh with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Tim McHugh: Thanks. I guess, do you want to start out obviously, I guess, on the revenue outlook for the Research business? The first, the non-subscription piece. In the Q, you released kind of the point-in-time revenue as one of the disclosures, and that number would be pretty -- or looks kind of consistent sequentially. It was up 17% year-over-year. So can you help us give a little more color on the non-subscription piece being lower than you thought because that would seem like a pretty steady and kind of healthy growth number?
Craig Safian: Hey, good morning Tim. Thanks for the question. So on the Research revenue, as you point out, a hunk of the reduction relates to non-subscription revenue. There's a couple of factors going on there. They're buried within the disclosure and the year-over-year growth rate you're seeing. So as you know, we retired a bunch of products at the end of 2018, and we're dealing with the impact of that in 2019. That was contemplated in the original guidance. On top of that, there were a number of non-subscription products tied to GBS that were not retired, but did not get the sales focus in the first half of the year as we've been driving real focus on GxL and subscription products. And so the revenue on those fell off faster than we had anticipated, and we're baking that continued fall-off into the balance of the year, and that is obviously impacting the growth rate and the guidance a little bit, but more pronounced the outlook for the rest of the year. On top of that, there are some additional non-subscriptions revenues, which, as you point out, continue to perform very strongly, but have come down modestly from more elevated levels of performance in previous quarters.
Tim McHugh: Okay. And then just on the subscription piece of the guidance change, I guess the Research revenue guide changed by roughly 2%, and we only have half a year left. GTS' growth, I guess I'm trying to reconcile the fact that against a tougher comp slowdown 80 bps and why for half year that drives a two-point change in the full year outlook -- or sorry, even if it's one point, I guess, related to the subscription piece, that would seem to be a bigger impact than I would've thought unless the original guidance assumed, I guess, further acceleration in GTS.
Craig Safian: Yeah. Hey, Tim, it's a good point, and you're right. Again, about half of the reduction relates to subscription, half to non-subscription. So, about 1% is a more accurate way to think about it. I think a couple of things. So one is that with GTS it's still performing really, really well, 13.5% growth is very strong. And again, it's up from where we were in 2017, and early parts of 2018. It had been humming along at north of 14%, and obviously, that modest slowdown we saw in the second quarter has a flow-through impact, and it's not just the quarterly impact and flowing that through we've also modulated the expectations for Q3 and Q4, and that had a modest impact on the outlook as well. And so it's really the  essentially, and Gene described it, which was our outlook was for stronger total combined CV growth through the first half of the year. We're off that modestly and that's causing that roughly 1% impact on the subscription revenue for 2019.
Tim McHugh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler with Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeff Meuler: Yeah. I guess on the subscription piece, just a follow-up. You mentioned some sales leadership  or elevated sales leadership at GTS or maybe some execution hiccups. Can you just go into more detail on that? And to what extent do you view macro as a factor that could be impacting kind of both the small business non-subs revenue as well as the GTS contract value deceleration?
Gene Hall: Hey, Jeff, it's Gene. So basically, as I mentioned, so  and as Craig mentioned, GTS is a great contributor. 13.5% is very strong growth. It was a little off what we had expected. As I said, there were a number of small factors that individually wouldn't be a big deal, but happened to all here at once and I'll just go through it. So first, we had some management  some leadership changes in GTS. We always have both. We happen to have a greater than usual number. So, for example, we had a leader running Asia for many years, who needed to come back to U.S. for personal reasons. We had  in Germany, we had our two top people that were running Germany got  one got promoted, one go to GBS. We had changes in the  for similar things. So I've just got a  there's a bunch of, in order for this more spread out, it happened for a combination of business and personal reasons to be more concentrated in the first half. So that was one piece of it. Second piece, I mentioned was an expansion of our Dallas and Barcelona offices. We  as we  as a company, we grow. We need to have different talent pools. We  our European headquarters has traditionally been in the London area. Through a combination of Brexit and other talent markets, we've opened a major office in Barcelona, and again, moved a bunch of people, leaders and  into Barcelona, which was disruptive. The similar thing happened between Florida and Texas. This year, we expanded our Dallas office. Again, these were planned quite a bit of an advance and just happened here at the same time. And then I also mentioned, we changed our approach to selling to various small tech companies. There is a lot of innovations. Small tech companies are great market for us, and we organized slightly to make it more effective in selling to that market. Each of those things normally wouldn't have  the rolls falls back, but then you like  there are others, but these are kind of the biggest ones. Each of them were small, but collectively results in that very minor change in our growth rate and subscription revenue. And it's all GTS basically.
Jeff Meuler: And then your view on macro is not a worsening factor?
Gene Hall: We don't see it. So if you look at our business, so our Research  GTS grew 13.5%, GBS accelerated and then -- I mean, I'm sorry, Conferences business had a very strong quarter, one of the strongest quarters we've ever had. Our Consulting business had a very strong quarter. So across the business, we had really a lot of strength. Now again, at any point in time, we have some companies that are doing really well. We have some of our clients that  among the 15,000 enterprise clients, some that are not doing so well. It's just our Consulting business. There's clearly an uptick and interest in cost optimization. But again, all of our businesses had very strong performance.
Jeff Meuler: Okay. And then just, I guess, similar question given that it's only a half-year effect on the magnitude of the EBITDA guidance reduction and EPS guidance reduction. Is it  should we think about some of this lost revenue being at like a near 100% decremental margin or just a very high decremental margin? And then on top of that, I guess the other factor is GBS sales headcount is going to trend higher because of the closing of the open territories. Is that the right way to think about it, or just  I'm trying to understand the magnitude of it.
Craig Safian: Yeah. Jeff, I think, good morning, it's Craig, I think that's the right way to think about it. So for a portion of the revenue reduction, it would have flowed through at very high margins. So basically, cost-based fixed and when the revenue's there, it flows through very high margins. Conversely, when the revenue's not there, the hurt is large flow-through margins as well. On some of the revenue, we were able to, or are able to modulate the costs, but for the most part, they are  it is a fixed cost base. And so your assertion on the large decremental revenue is appropriate. In terms of the cost, I think you're right also. Most notably, it is the reduction in open territories in GBS, but also a little bit in GTS and in our conference sales, but most notably in GBS that is flowing through to the balance of the year. I think the other thing worth noting is some of this  some of the increased spending was baked into our Q2 outlook. At that point, when we gave our guidance, we  our view was we would make it up in other areas and then obviously, as Gene mentioned, with a modest downtick in our revenue expectation and this modest uptick in the cost. It caused us to recalibrate the outlook coming out of the second quarter.
Jeff Meuler: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen. If I could just follow-up on that  on the EBITDA guidance, I guess you reduced that by about $60 million to $65 million. I think you said that the non-subscription or kind of legacy GBS stuff that you had was $30 million of complete drop through. So is that the right way to think about it, $30 million of that is that drop through you talked about? And is the rest of that split between the increased, I guess, investment in sales on the two  GBS and GTS side?
Craig Safian: Yeah, good morning, Manav, it's Craig. So I think the way to think about it is  you're roughly right. And so yeah, as I mentioned just before with Jeff, there's some portion of the revenue downside where it's not 100% flow through. We're actually able to eliminate or reduce certain cost, but most of it is flowing through. And then the increased spending, again, most notably around faster growth or lower proportion of open territories in GBS. So, I think that is the right way to think about it.
Manav Patnaik: Okay, got it. And then also just to the earlier question on the macro impact. I think in your 10-Q, you usually have this language on double-digit growth in contract value across your industry segments. And I think last quarter, it was three quarters and in this quarter, you said it was half. So, is that just law of large numbers? I guess it's just trying to use that data point to follow-up and if you are seeing any slowdown, deceleration in your segments.
Craig Safian: Yes. I think the way to think about it is, in GTS, where we've traditionally made that comment, it's every client size, every major region and virtually every industry grew at double-digit rates. The comment in the Q, I believe relates to the combined GTS and GBS. And so that's going to be a little more mixed just because we are combining a 13.5% grower with a 1% grower. But on the GTS side, the way we look at the measures, it's been very consistent where we've had that same level of almost universal double-digit growth across every vector that you could look at.
Manav Patnaik: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Toni Kaplan: Thank you. So, I wanted to clarify, are you still expecting to get the double-digit CV growth in GBS by the end of the year? And also just in general, I know you made the change in GTS to selling to the small tech companies in terms of sales processes, but are there any sales processes that you're changing in GBS or are you just, just given that GXL has been such a big transition, are you just sort of seeing it takes time and just seeing how that goes, or are you sort of incrementally changing that as it goes along as well?
Gene Hall: Hey Toni, it's Gene. So, we are expecting double-digit growth in the GBS by the end of this year, which will reflect that. We obviously know what our results were for the first half. We have our bottoms-up forecast for Q3 and we've looked at what we think new business and retention's likely will be in Q4. And that's what we're basing our expectation that we will still get to double-digit growth by the end of 2019. So, it's based on, like I said, the results for the first half, our positive forecast for Q3 and then our expectations on what would happen in Q4. So that's the impact question. In terms of sales process, the way that we've been handling GBS is, let's make sure we get the right product line, which has got GXL in, let's make sure we get the right capacity, which we've got the sales capacity, let's make sure we've got the right selling -- direct selling recruiting, training, tools, and processes in place and the right retention programs. All those things now are in place and we've modeled them as we talked in the past of what we've done very successfully for many years for GTS. And so while we're -- while we may make some tweaks as we learn in terms of the processes, we really feel like we've got all of the pieces in place and that's why you're seeing the kind of really strong acceleration. And as Craig talked about, we had $29 million of new business in Q2. That was up 51% in Q1 for GxL. These products are really selling very, very well. And so we feel kind of that we're on a really good track there.
Toni Kaplan: Great. And then I know I ask this question all the time, but given that EBITDA margins for this year at the midpoint of guidance are about 160 basis points lower than last year, which was 100 basis points lower than the year before, I know there is sort of a major transition going on and the revenue growth hasn't come in as quickly as the expense level right now, but what sort of long-term, the right level for margins for the business? I'm not trying to say like where are you going to be this year or next year, et cetera, but just over time, like what kind of margin level should this business support? Thank you.
Craig Safian: Hey, good morning, Toni, it's Craig. So, I think we're not going to give long-term guidance on our margin expectation. I think Gene, in his remarks, outlined the way that we're all thinking about 2020 right now, which is we'll grow revenue at double-digit rates, continue our trend of strength in revenue, and we'd expect EBITDA to grow approximately roughly in line with revenue next year. We've obviously made a lot of investments in the business, again across GTS, GBS and Conferences. And as we talked about, we really feel good about the returns we're getting in GTS and on the Conferences side, and we fully expect to start realizing those returns in GBS in 2020.
Toni Kaplan: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Gary Bisbee: Hi guys. Good morning. So, if I look at the incremental -- the slight reduction in revenue and the incremental cost that the EBITDA guidance implies, even if we assume a much higher than corporate average margin on that revenue, and I guess acknowledging there's some mix shift within that, with the higher margin revenue falling more than that total number, it still feels like there's like $40 million of incremental cost coming in, which if we were to annualize that, it's like 4% of your SG&A or more than 2% of revenue. It -- that seems like a pretty good number relative to some investments and filling a few more open territories. Can you just help us understand what's -- first of all, is that directionally right? And what's really in that number? What are you investing in at such a high level in the back half of the year?
Craig Safian: Hey good morning Gary. It's Craig. So the way to think about it is you're probably a little high on your expense impact. It's probably a little bit lower, I think roughly in the $30-ish million range. I think part of this is -- it's not all second half spending. The spending may have started in late Q1, certainly in Q2. And so annual -- you can't just double it to annualize it. Some of it is already baked into our run rate for 2019. As Gene mentioned, with one example where in one of our sales units, we reduced the level of open territories from 6% to 2%. And so think about it as almost a 4% increase in the number of heads on board, and there's the frontline cost of those individuals. And then if we add that many more people, we might need more managers, we might have needed more recruiters to actually get them and see, et cetera. And so the move of reducing open territories, which we firmly, firmly, firmly believe absolutely, pays off in the future, does have a cost in the upfront. And I think that is not the only thing that's impacting that cost line or the reduction in our EBITDA, but that is the most notable thing within that reduction, and so again just think about what the size of our sales force is, GBS is at 919 people, GTS is over 3,200 people. Modest changes against our assumptions in terms of percent of open territories can have a pretty sizable impact from a short-term P&L perspective. But again, we firmly believe, long-term, it pays off.
Gary Bisbee: So I guess that leads to the follow-up, which is just how do you weigh on a day-to-day basis when you're running the business, the concept of investing relative to delivering to your medium-term targets? Because this is now the second year in a row you won't hit that EBITDA growth target and it despite being well within the revenue range that you're targeting, and at some point -- I know there's growing frustration, certainly for me, I think from a lot of investors in this concept of constantly investing so much, but yet really not showing a lot of return on investment because the level of reinvestment remains so high.
Gene Hall: So Gary, it's Gene. So first, if you look at our performance, again GTS is growing really well. We've invested there. We've gotten great returns on it. Our Conferences business, the reason it has such record growth is because we've invested there, we've got great returns. I talked about in the past in GBS where that -- we've been investing heavy, we know we're investing ahead. We know there's great incredible growth opportunities there. And as I've said before, we think we've reached that inflection point, where we're going to start getting those returns in GBS as we have in GTS and in our Conferences business. So as we -- and we're not deciding to make new investments per se. Again, as Craig said, the biggest factor on the cost side is that we assumed a number -- a percentage of open territories. It was significantly better than last year. We had an improvement last year. And it's across all three of our major sales forces. We're actually overachieving in terms of fewer open territories. That is great for the long-term growth. You can only get better growth if you get better retention with existing clients. And so it's a great thing to do, and we already have those territories. So it's not incremental that we just decided one day to have a whole another investment. So again, just summarizing, we got great returns from GTS reinvestment we've made, great returns on GCS and we feel like we're at the beginning of seeing those returns for GBS as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Bill Warmington: Good morning everyone. So a couple of questions on the productivity side. The -- within GBS, the productivity was minus 2,000 in Q1. It was up to plus 7,000 in Q2. The previous GBS guidance for double-digit growth had implied in it a productivity improvement to about 75,000. And I wanted to ask given the new guidance, what is implied in the new guidance?
Craig Safian: Hey, good morning, Bill. So -- there's really no change in the way to think about the productivity. The way we measure it is opening period headcount. And so again, to drive the roughly 10% growth on a $600 million, just below $600 million base, we have to drive the same level of NCVI and our opening number of headcount hasn't changed. So essentially, it's the same mass. You're right in your calcs for Q1 and Q2. And again, we believe through a combination of improved retention rates and what we've seen in both Q1 and Q2 is very favorable. I think we said in Q1 for the contracts that came up for renewal, we were up close to 200 basis points in terms of the pure retention on those transactions. Same measure in Q2. We were up 270 basis points. You will note that Q2 new business for GBS in total was up 16% year-over-year, that's coming off several quarters of a decline in new business on a year-over-year basis. And so again, if you kind of model forward, improve -- the continued improvements to retention and continued ramping of our new business, again, as the sales force seasons, as they get more comfortable selling GxL and as we get real momentum on GxL, that's the way we think about the path to still getting to that double-digit growth in GBS by the end of this year.
Bill Warmington: Okay. And then on the GTS side, the productivity last quarter grew 9% versus the 13% comp. In this quarter, productivity grew 2% versus an easier 10% comp. And I thought initially that that might be the more rapid closing of the open territories than expected, but it sounded like a lot of that was really on the GBS side. So I wanted to ask what was driving that lower productivity.
Craig Safian: Yeah sure. So we, as you know, we did have a modest deceleration in the GTS overall contract value growth rate. And again, 13.5% is still very, very strong and the productivity is still up 2% on a year-over-year basis, but given the modest deceleration in the quarter that's really what caused the modest deceleration in the productivity. And again, we're up -- we have -- it was seventh consecutive quarter of productivity being up on a year-over-year basis but the modest decel impacted the productivity measure or said the other way, the productivity measure impacted the modest decel. You can look at it either way, but that's really what happened in the second quarter.
Bill Warmington: Got it, okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jeff Silber: Thanks so much. Sorry, but I just wanted to go back to the margin expansion questions from earlier. If we look at 2020, it looks like your soft guidance is for flat margins next year. I would have thought if we're ending this year at double-digit CV growth in GBS, you talking about that potentially accelerating next year, we're off the headwinds from the shift from -- away from the legacy business, you're filling your open territories a little bit quicker than you thought, why shouldn't we see a little bit of margin expansion next year?
Craig Safian: Good morning, Jeff and thanks for the question. So again, we're not giving 2020 guidance at this point. Obviously, a lot of it will be determined upon where we land the year. So the bulk of our 2020 economics are determined by the contract value growth or the NCVI we deliver in both GTS and GBS through the second half of the year. I'll be happy to go into immense and infinite detail around our EBITDA growth assumptions when we give the 2020 outlook, and we'll certainly provide all of the visibility and transparency in terms of being able to walk and reconcile the points you make. We're just not in a position right now where we're talking about the 2020 guidance or the margin outlook moving forward.
Gene Hall: And Jeff, I'd add that, the reason that I had that in my comments was that, we wanted to communicate that we know we've been investing ahead of CV growth in GBS and that we feel like we've reached a point now where we have the right base -- as I talked about earlier, the right number of sales people, the right products, et cetera, to where we can start getting returns out of that, which is what we're trying to communicate, as opposed to specific guidance where the margins are going to be next year.
Jeff Silber: Okay. Look forward to getting more detail as the year progresses. And then, just a quick numbers question. You mentioned the tax benefit impacting adjusted EPS in 2Q. What was the exact amount of that tax benefit impact on EPS?
Craig Safian: So roughly speaking, Jeff, I think it was about a $38 million benefit recorded on the income tax line.
Jeff Silber: Okay. That came back into the EPS number. All right. Thanks so much. 
Craig Safian: Yes. You got it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open.
Joseph Foresi: Hi. So I just wanted to kind of circle back to GXL. What do you think The Street is undervaluing that would result in the ramp necessary to hit that double-digit growth? What do we not see sort of on the outside that you see on the inside from either a product-improvement standpoint or some other area?
Craig Safian: Hey, Joe. Good morning. It's Craig.
Joseph Foresi: Good morning.
Craig Safian: Joe, I think it's -- we've always had confidence in the quality of the product. It really is a very strong, high-value proposition at a relatively low cost product, very consistent with our IT products, our supply chain products and our marketing products. And I think what really gives us confidence is two things. So one is the continued ramp of GXL new business. And again, it's one of the reasons why we've consistently been breaking that out for investors, so that investors can see the progress we're making. And again, it can get a little masked in the total numbers, because there's a lot of moving parts, but when you isolate out what's happening with GXL, particularly on the new business side, in the second quarter, we sold $29 million worth of new business and that was across every enterprise function where we've launched the new GXL product. And if I look at the growth on a year-over-year basis across all those enterprise functions, the growth was very strong. As Gene mentioned, overall, GXL new business growth was up 51% year-over-year and in just about every enterprise function, we were close to that average. So very, very strong growth. So the market uptake continues to be strong. And again, our sales teams continue to get more and more repetitions, if you will, of selling the product and they're just getting better and better and better at it. You couple that with the improvements we've seen in retention and that comment is both on the GXL retention and also on legacy product retention. And again, we've seen very strong -- things that have come up for renewal in the first half of the year, a very strong improvement in our retention rates. And again, if you flow that through, which we believe should flow through for the balance of the year, and you continue to ramp up on the GXL, again, given we're not selling onesie, twosies of these things, we're selling millions and millions or tens of millions of dollars of these each and every quarter, that's really what we're seeing underneath the covers. And again, we're trying to make that as transparent as possible as well.
Joseph Foresi: Got it. And then, just as follow up. Maybe you could just remind us of the investment schedule in GXL. What are you currently investing in? Do you feel like you've made the proper investments at this point? Because I know that we, a couple of -- I think it goes back to after the closing, saw a spike in investments, in the pull forward and all the rest of that stuff. So maybe you can just help us with the investment schedule? What are you investing in now? Do you feel like the investments are now complete, or are they continually ongoing? Is it mostly in sales? Just a little bit more color on the CapEx that you're putting back into the business. Thanks.
Gene Hall: Hey, Joe. It's Gene. The largest single investment is the sales force. And we've added to sales capacity, because that's key to getting long-term sustained growth and we've got that in place. Now that we're doing and seeing -- and again, as the business grows, that will continue to grow. We've also invested in getting the right products in place, the right service delivery teams, the retention gets up and all those things, as Craig mentioned, are working, meaning GXL is selling very well. The retention of the first ones that come for renewal have been very strong. The retention programs are also affecting the legacy products as well, where, as Craig mentioned, our retention is up there as well. And so, the key investments really are in -- basically, the most is in sales, to a lesser degree, in service delivery and in product.
Joseph Foresi: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
George Tong: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Your GTS headcount growth in the quarter accelerated to 14.5%. I recall previously, you were looking to slow your GTS headcount growth and rely more on productivity gains to drive CV growth. So can you talk about your overall strategy in GTS between balancing headcount growth and productivity gains over the next, call it, two to four quarters?
Gene Hall: So, George, I'll answer the first half of the question, which is, the way we think about adding capacity to our sales force is that, we decide a certain number of territories that we want to add each year and the phasing of value in those territories through the year. And then we assume that there's a certain number of opens that we talked about. And so, the story in GTS is the same as we talked about in GBS, which is, we gave you -- the guidance we gave you on the sales force headcount growth was based on a number of territories. As Craig and I mentioned, we actually reduced the number sales territories in GTS as well as in GBS and that's why the sales growth -- the sales force growth is a little higher, because we're not giving you the number of territories, giving you the number of actual people on board.
Craig Safian: Yes, and George, good morning. Just to continue the thought and to answer the second part of your question. So it's not a change in our territory growth assumptions is, we were just more efficient and more effective at filling open territories, and we had that many -- that 14% more heads on board compared to where we were last quarter. And yes, it's modestly a point or two above what we had guided for the full year. For the next few quarters, we expect to run roughly in this range given the low level of open territories and the same level of territory growth. Again, we remain focused on driving increased sales productivity consistently. As we mentioned, we've done it seven quarters in a row of year-over-year productivity improvement, and we will continue to be focused on striking that right balance between headcount growth and productivity improvements. And again, as we accelerate on GBS, I think, we'll employ that same kind of thinking the way we want to get productivity. But we also want to make sure, we add, so that we can still capture that huge market opportunity and drive sustained long-term double-digit growth.
George Tong: Got it. That's helpful. And then with respect to open territories, can you confirm that most of the upside in filling those territories did in fact come from GBS? And perhaps quantify, maybe the number of open territories that you filled versus what you had initially expected and how you expect the better filling of these territories to impact sales over the next year.
Craig Safian: Yes. Sure, George. So the way to think about it is we've actually, if you look at our three major selling units, so GTS, GBS and then the sales teams that sell the conferences, we've reduced the level of open territories in each of those segments. And again, you could argue in GTS, we're seeing the benefits of that and that return is paying off. In Conferences, we're seeing the benefit. And in GBS, we're starting to see contract value growth accelerate. And as Gene mentioned, we really expect to start seeing the returns from all those investments in 2020 and beyond. The way to think about it just quantitatively is we've planned -- we've historically had roughly 5% open territories in GTS and GBS. And so a two or three-point reduction in open territories can impact the headcount growth by that same 2% or 3%. And so as we've moved through this year in particular, we've been really efficient and effective at filling open territories at a faster rate than we had previously. On the GTS side, it's probably a couple points better. On the GBS side, it's a little more notable in terms of more than a couple of points better. And again, each of those improvements is accreting the growth rate that you're seeing in headcount. And now that we filled those territories, we expect to kind of run at that level -- at least we've baked into our outlook running at that level for the balance of the year.
George Tong: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Gene Hall for closing remarks.
Gene Hall: So summarizing today's call. For the second quarter of 2019, we continue to deliver strong performances across our business. We again delivered double-digit growth in each of our business segments, Research, Conferences and Consulting. We are well positioned for sustained double-digit growth. We expect continued sustained double-digit growth in GTS, we're at an inflection point in GBS and Conferences and Consulting are on a strong path. Our future at Gartner remains bright. Thanks for joining us today and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-07 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Gartner First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] as a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference David Cohen, GVP of Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Cohen: Thank you, Gigi, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for Gartner's first quarter 2019 earnings call. With me today are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Chief Financial Officer. This call will include a discussion of first quarter 2019 financial results and our current outlook for 2019, as disclosed in today's press release. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a detailed review of our financials and business metrics in an earnings supplement for investors and analysts. We have posted a press release and the earnings supplement on our website, investor.gartner.com. Following comments by Gene and Craig , we will open up the call for your questions. We ask that you limit your questions to one and followup. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to revenue and contribution margin are for adjusted revenue and adjusted contribution margin, which exclude the deferred revenue purchase accounting adjustments and the 2018 divestures. All references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, with the adjustments as described in our earnings release and excluding the 2018 divestures. All cash flow numbers unless stated otherwise are as reported with no adjustments related to the 2018 divestures. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX neutral, unless stated otherwise. In our discussion of global business sales or GBS we will refer to the GXL products. These are the products for business leaders across the enterprise. Gartner for Marketing Leaders is GML; Gartner for Finance Leaders is GFL, and so on. In aggregate, we refer to these products for business leaders as GXL. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2019 foreign exchange rates. As set forth in more detail, in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2018 annual report on form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now, I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Eugene Hall: Good morning and thanks for joining us. We delivered another robust performance in the first quarter of 2019 total revenues were up 11% fueled by double-digit growth in each of our business segments; Research, Conferences, and Consulting. We continue to make a significant global impact. We help more than 15,000 enterprise clients in more than a 100 countries around the world with their mission-critical priorities. We are providing great jobs to more than 15,000 associates globally. Research, our largest and most profitable segment is the core of our value proposition. Our Research business was up 11% over this time last year. As was described on our Investor Day we have the Gartner formula for sustained double-digit growth to drives success in our Research business. It consists of indispensible insights, exceptional talent, sales excellence, and enabling infrastructure. For each of these elements we drive relentless globally consistent execution at best practices and continuous to improve in innovation. Global Technology Sales or GTS serves leaders and teams within IT. This group represents more than 80% of our total research contract value. GTS contract value growth accelerated and is more than 14% year-over-year. Sales productivity once again improved. We again delivered double-digit growth in every region across every size company and in virtually every industry. Global Business Sales or GBS serves leaders and their teams beyond IT and represents about 20% of our total research contract value. This includes supply chain and marketing which we've addressed for several years and as well as other major enterprise roles including HR, finance, legal, sales, and more. Each of these roles has the same need for our services as IT and demand continues to grow. Our new GXL product line gained momentum. GXL products provide greater value to clients because they are tailored to the clients' individual needs. This in turn results in higher prices per user and stronger retention. Beyond better pricing and retention, GXL products provide exponentially more growth opportunities, because we can sell these high value products throughout our clients' organizations. At our Investor Day we shared the growth trends of the individual GXL products. Our GXL products continue to accelerate in line with these trends. For Q1 2019, GXL contract value grew 76% year-over-year and new business was up 84%. As expected, legacy products contract value decline. Total GBS contract value improved modestly sequentially as growth in GXL just offset the decline in legacy contract value. We continue to expect double-digit contract value growth in GBS by the end of the year. Overall our Research segment continues to deliver strong results. Our Conferences segment also delivered a terrific performance in Q1 with double-digit revenue growth of 17%. Garner Conferences combine the outstanding value of our research with immersive experience of live interactions making every conference we produce the most important gathering for the executives we serve. We continue to invest in our conferences portfolio. In GTS we are expanding our flagship conference, Gartner IT Symposium. This year we are holding IT Symposium Conference in Canada. In GBS we're building out our conference portfolio to align with the GBS roles we serve. In early April we held our Gartner Marketing Symposium. The program featured expanded content coverage including a dedicated track for B2B marketers and one for emerging customer market insights. The results for this conference surpassed expectations. Total attendees were up more than 40% to about 1700 attendees. We also plan to launch an Executives Summit just for the finance function within the year and we'll continue to expand our GBS conferences over time. In addition to that, we'll continue making investments in the event business. Our Consulting segment also achieved double-digit growth in Q1 with revenues up 16%. Gartner Consulting is the extension of Gartner Research and provides clients a deeper level of involvement through extended project-based work developed to execute the most strategic initiatives. Our growth in the quarter was a combination of strength and our labor based business and in our contract optimization business. I recently met with many of our top performing sales people from around the world. This includes sales people from GTS, GBS and Conferences. I continue to be inspired by their energy and passion for serving our clients. They have best-in-class sales goals and they continue to embrace and implement the Gartner formula for sustained double-digit growth. Our future at Gartner remains bright. We provided credible value by helping our more than 15,000 enterprise clients with their most important initiatives. Our business model allows us to drive strong double-digit growth in our key metrics including cash flow and we have an incredibly talented team across the business. With this foundation we're on track to achieve sustained double-digit growth in revenues, earnings and cash flow for years to come. With that, I'd like to hand the call over to Craig to give you an in depth view of the quarter. Craig?
Craig Safian: Thank you Gene, and good morning everyone. Demand for our services remains robust around the world and in the first quarter we again delivered strong financial results across our three operating segments. As our 2019 outlook demonstrates, we continue to expect to deliver double-digit FX neutral revenue and EBITDA growth with strong free cash flow generation. First quarter revenue was $970 million up 8% on a reported basis and 11% on an FX neutral basis. The product retirements we discussed last quarter impacted topline growth rate by about 1 full point. In addition, contribution margin was 64% up about 100 basis points from the prior year. EBITDA was $142 million down 2% year-over-year and up 0.5% FX neutral, consistent with our expectations as discussed last quarter. Adjusted EPS was $0.58 and free cash flow in the quarter was $35 million. Our Research business had another excellent quarter. Research revenue grew 8% in the first quarter and 11% on an FX neutral basis. First quarter gross contribution margin was 70%. Total contract value was $3.1 billion at March 31, growth of 11.2% versus the prior year. We always report contract value growth in FX neutral terms and we have updated our historical metrics at 2019 FX rates in our earnings supplement. I'll now review the details of our performance for both GTS and GBS. In the first quarter GTS contract value increased 14% versus the prior year, accelerating its growth rate both sequentially and year-over-year. GTS had contract value of $2.5 billion on March 31, representing just over 80% of our total contract value. Client retention for GTS remained strong at 82%, wallet retention for GTS was 105% for the quarter up 130 basis points year-over-year and the highest we've reported for GTS. A combination of the client and wallet retention rates shows how our clients spend more with us each and every year. GTS new business grew 12% versus the first quarter of last year. New business is coming from a mix of new enterprises and growth in existing enterprises through sales of additional services and upgrades. We ended the first quarter with 12,821 GTS clients up 4% compared to Q1 2018. The average contract value for enterprise also continues to grow. It now stands at $198,000 for enterprise and GTS up 10% year-over-year. As we've discussed at Investor Day, we continue to invest in GTS. The investment in headcount growth and improving productivity are driving the GTS acceleration you have seen over the course of 2018 and into the first quarter of 2019. For GTS the year-over-year net contract value increase or NCVI divided by the beginning period quarter bearing headcount was $115,000 per salesperson up 9% versus the first quarter of last year. This is the sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year productivity improvement. Turning to global business sales, GBS contract value was $595 million at the end of the first quarter or about 20% of our total contract values. CV declined 3/10th of a percent year-over-year but slightly increased sequentially from the fourth quarter of 2018. Many of our GBS metrics are affected by the discontinuation in 2018 of sales of the largest legacy products. As we described last quarter, the discontinuations were based on purposeful strategy that allows our sales teams to focus on GXL products going forward. GXL products continue to gain share and are an important part of our strategy. Looking at total contract value from the GXL products we drove an FX neutral increase of 76% year-over-year from $180 million $208 million continuing the growth we saw in the back half of 2018. Similar to last quarter, on Page 11 we provided a bridge from fourth quarter 2018 to first quarter 2019 CV for GBS and the corresponding bridge from the prior year. We sold $24 million of GXL products new business in Q1, $11 million more than we did in the prior year quarter. While Q1 is generally a seasonally lighter quarter for new business, GXL new business increased by 84% over the prior year quarter. We continue to make great progress with our GXL products across each of the functions GBS serves. More than half of the GXL new in the quarter came from newly launched products. GXL CV now makes up 35% of our total GBS contract value, up 15 percentage points from Q1 of last year. While legacy GBS CV attrition is close to 30%, GXL attrition is around 20%, almost the GTS levels. On a blended basis that's about 27%. We will reduce attrition levels through improving client engagement. We are driving increased client engagement during expansion of our service teams and growing adoption of individualized content and service. For the standalone quarter we saw an improvement in the attrition rates for GBS. For contracts that were up for new in the first quarter, attrition improved by almost 200 basis points over the prior year quarter. Again, this is the result of the increased engagement we've discussed in all of our other retention programs starting to have an impact. We continue to expect to achieve double-digit CV growth in GBS by the end of this year. As we described last quarter and at our Investor Day there are multiple paths to achieving double-digit CV growth by the end of 2019. The combination of improving attrition and corresponding retention rates and continued ramping of GXL new business are the metrics that will get us there. In both GTS and GBS the first quarter is typically our seasonally lightest quarter for new business. And as we discussed last quarter the new business compares get easier as we move through the year. Our pipeline is building and the team has more experience every day. In Conferences revenues increased by 13% year-over-year in Q1 to $52 million. FX neutral growth was 17%. First quarter gross contribution margin was 36% up by 120 basis points compared to the year ago quarter. We had 12 destination conferences in the first quarter. On a same conference FX neutral basis revenues were up 17% with a 6% increase in attendees. The first quarter is a seasonally small quarter, but the results were very strong. First quarter Consulting revenues increased by 12% to $93 million. FX neutral growth was 16%. Consulting gross contribution margin was 31% in the first quarter. Labor based revenues were $79 million up 7% versus Q1 of last year or 11% on an FX neutral basis. Labor based global head count of 739 was up 6%. Utilization was 69%. Backlog ended the quarter at $108 million up 7% year-over-year on a FX neutral basis. We have updated our reporting of backlog to be FX neutral consistent with our practice for research contract value. The updated historical data is in the earnings supplement. Our 2019 pipeline remained strong. The contract optimization services revenues were up over 60% versus the prior year quarter. As we have detailed in the past, this part of the Consulting segment is highly variable. SG&A increased 13% year-over-year in the first quarter or 17% on an FX neutral basis. We continue to grow sales capacity and the enabling infrastructure to support our strategy of delivering sustained double-digit growth over the long-term. The enabling infrastructure includes investments in human resources functions like recruiting and in real estate to support our increased number of associates around the world. As we discussed at Investor Day our largest dollar investments are in GTS where we have seen acceleration in contract value and productivity. We are investing to increase territories, to reduce open rolls, and to drive improvements to sales productivity. Our continuing investment in GCS, the Conferences sales team have been driving faster growth in that segment. We are investing to increase territories, to reduce open territories and to drive productivity. GBS investments are also continuing and we expect to see acceleration this year and going forward. At the end of the first quarter we had 3,917 quota-bearing associates in research. This includes 3049 in GTS and 868 and GBS or growth of 11% and 21% respectively. We expect GBS headcount growth to moderate by the end of the year to approximately 14% to 16%. Adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter was $142 million down 2% on a reported basis and up 0.5% on an FX neutral basis. EBITDA was affected by about 5 percentage points or $6 million impact due to the product retirements. Taking that into consideration, the underlying FX neutral EBITDA growth was about 5% in the quarter. The first quarter is our smallest revenue quarter of the year which contrasts with the expense base that is less seasonal. Depreciation was up about $3 million from last year as additional office space went into service. Amortization was flat sequentially after taking in expected step down in the fourth quarter as some of the acquisition intangibles reached their 18-month lives. Integration expenses were down year-over-year as we have moved passed the biggest part in the integration work. Interest expense in the quarter was $25 million down from $35 million in the first quarter of 2018. The lower interest expense resulted from paying down roughly $700 million in debt over the past year. The Q1 adjusted tax rate which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income was 19.8% for the quarter. First quarter is typically a seasonally low quarter for the tax rate primarily due to equity related excess tax benefits. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was 28.5% in the quarter. We still expect our adjusted tax rate to be about 25.5% for the full year, but it may have more quarterly variance this year. As you can see in the disclosure in our 10-Q subsequent to the end of the quarter there was intercompany sale of some intellectual property that will have a material favorable impact on the second quarter adjusted tax rate. Our 2Q EPS guidance includes an adjusted tax rate of 13%. Our full year EPS guidance contemplated 2Q benefit. Adjusted EPS in Q1 was $0.58 with upside relative to our expectations from below the line items including a lower than expected tax rate. In Q1 operating cash flow was $36 million compared to $3 million last year. The increase in operating cash flow was driven by lower interest expense and lower payments for acquisition and integration and other non-recurring items. Q1 2019 CapEx was $20 million and Q1 cash acquisition and integration payments and other nonrecurring items were approximately $20 million as well. This yields Q1 free cash flow of $35 million which is up 30% versus the prior year quarter. Its worth noting that Q1 of the prior year included free cash flow associated with our divested business. Excluding free cash flow from the divested businesses, our first quarter free cash flow would have been up over 100%. On a rolling four quarter basis our free cash flow conversion was 130% of adjusted net income excluding divested operations. Turning to the balance sheet. We adopted the new lease accounting standard ASC 842 as of January 1, 2019. The impact of this new standard is the recognition on our balance sheet of right-of-use assets of $634 million and an operating lease liability of $836 million. $769 million of the operating lease liability is recorded as a long-term liability with the balance recorded as a current liability. There was no material impact on our income statement from the adoption of this standard. Our March 31 debt balance was about $2.3 billion. Our debt remained 95% fixed rate. Adjusting EBITDA for the divestitures, our gross leverage ratio is now about 3.4 times EBITDA. We repurchased about $45 million of stock in the quarter. We will continue to be price sensitive and opportunistic as we return capital to shareholders. We have about $870 million remaining on our repurchase authorization. Our capital allocation strategy remains the same. We deploy our free cash flow and balance sheet flexibility by returning capital to our shareholders through our buyback programs and through strategic value enhancing M&A. Turning to the outlook for 2019. Revenue, adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow and EPS guidance all remain the same. As I mentioned when discussing the tax rates, we expected our tax rates for the second quarter will be around 13%. Our full-year guidance already reflected a lower 2Q rate. As you think about modeling the rest of the year, we expect mostly typical seasonality for the quarterly phasing. The EBITDA compare is particularly challenging in the third quarter. And lastly our guidance reflects FX rates as of April 30. The dollar strengthened over the course of 2018 and FX is causing roughly 2 point negative impact for our projected 2019 full year growth rates across revenues, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EPS and free cash flows. The highlights of our full-year 2019 guidance are as follows; we expect revenues of approximately $4.2 billion to $4.3 billion. That is FX-neutral growth of 10% to 13%. In addition to the non-core businesses that we divested over the course of 2018, there were some additional products from the CEB acquisition that we viewed as non-core. We retired these, which is impacting our 2019 total revenue growth rate by about 75 basis points. This is almost $30 million about two thirds of which drops to EBITDA. We expect adjusted EBITDA of $720 million to $765 million, FX neutral growth of 7% to 13%. Again, EBITDA growth this year is impacted by about 3 points from the product retirements we discussed previously. Excluding the product retirements, 2018 EBITDA would have been around $667 million. We expect an adjusted tax rate of around 25.5% for 2019. Please note, that if you are adding back from GAAP net income, the rate for the tax affect on the add backs is also about 25.5%. We expect 2019 adjusted EPS of between $3.82 and $4.19 per share, FX-neutral growth of approximately 7% to 15%. For 2019 we expect free cash flow of $455milion to $485 million. That is projected FX neutral growth of 11% to 19% versus our normalized 2018 free cash flow. All the details of our full-year guidance are included on our investor relations site. Finally, for the second quarter we expect adjusted EPS of about $1.15 to $1.20 per share. We've had a great start to the year with strength across all of our operating segments and improvements in most of our key operating measures. Notably GTS contract value continued to accelerate and sales of our new GXL products and GBS continue to rise. Our Conferences and Consulting businesses both had strong quarters. Free cash flow was up versus last year and conversion was stable. 2019 is trending well so far. We are applying the Gartner Formula across the combined business to drive sustained long-term double-digit growth to revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow. With that, Ill turn the call back over to the operator and well be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Tim McHugh from William Blair. Your line is now open.
Timothy McHugh: Yes, hello. Just wanted to ask on the, I guess, the productivity on the GBS side, I guess in your comment you said the momentum was still improving, but I guess, look at overall new business sales it feels like there is  I guess, it wasnt quite as strong as I would have expected, so is it, I guess youve seen more of a drop off on the legacy side or help us think about the per person may be productivity of the new business sales on the GBS side as the new GXL products ramp up? Thank you.
Eugene Hall: Hey Tim, its Gene. So, first our durable strategy we have as you know in GBS expanded sales force, get higher productivity as people learn, go up the learning curve, get higher retention because GXL products are high retaining products over time. We also want to expand on the legacy products, improve their retention as well over time which we expect to have. In terms of Q1, Q1 is - in terms of new business is always our seasonally lightest quarter. Ill give you a flavor for why that happens. We do large share promotions for people between Q4 and Q1. The promotions are higher performers and see what happens is they close up their pipeline in Q4, knowing that they are going to have a new job in Q1, they are not building a pipeline for Q1. Someone else then comes in who has a zero pipeline who is also a new person and anyhow has much more productivity between the combination of the starting zero pipeline and the fact that they are new to the company. And again they were placing it with a higher performance. So as a business our Q1 is always the lightest quarter for new business and across the business including in GTS. And there is really  Ill tell you one example of this other practices well invested kind of it's operational stuff thats driving it.
Craig Safian: The other thing Id add Tim, just really quickly is, when you look at productivity remember it is a  its a combination of the new business productivity and the retention or attrition depending on which side of the equation youre looking at. As I mentioned in my remarks for the contracts that came up for renewal over the course of Q1 2019, we saw roughly 200 basis point improvement in retention and again as weve talked about with full-year benefit of our retention programs and our real focus on that, we expect to continue to drive our retention improvements over the balance of the year as well.
Timothy McHugh: Maybe on that topic then, can you help us reconcile the client count metrics, I guess, the client retention metrics on the GBS side and I think a little bit also on the GTS side this quarter?
Eugene Hall: Yes, the one thing I would say about the client counts and this is why we tend to focus more on the Wallet retention numbers than the client retention numbers is, yes, we typically do have churn or higher churn amongst our smaller, lower spending clients. I think that is what happened with the GTS numbers for sure, but we continue to actually add a good number of new enterprises. The mix of new business from new enterprises was pretty consistent with what weve seen historically and where actually the enterprises that we keep were getting them to spend more and more with us each and every quarter. On the GBS side, again, were working through the transition of getting everyone up to speed on GXL. Theres a modest amount of migration going on, but the real focus for the bulk of the sales force is really finding new buying centers within both existing GBS enterprises and new GBS enterprises and selling then GXL.
Timothy McHugh: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Manav Patnaik from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you very much. So I guess, you know in the Q I think you said that you saw double-digit growth across three quarters of the industry segments, I was just curious, you know, what are the areas where you are not seeing that and I guess is it just post double-digits or what are the headwinds there?
Eugene Hall: Manav, I think, what weve said historically is really no different than what weve seen in the past several or even dozen quarters is we saw double  in GTS we saw double-digit contract value growth, in every region, in every company size, and in virtually every industry. There are maybe one or two smaller industries that did not record double-digit growth, but again, its no different than what weve seen in previous quarters.
Manav Patnaik: Okay, got it. And then just on the GXL products, I mean what does the pipeline there look like in terms of additional GXLs or I guess version 2s or whatever you call it based on the client feedback and so forth you are getting?
Eugene Hall: Yes, so, its Gene. The - our GXL pipeline is building really nicely, thats why you saw the kind of new business growth we saw in Q1, and as we go forward through the year, as I mentioned earlier, wed expect that pipeline to continue to build.
Craig Safian: The other thing Id add Manav is, just like everything we do were constantly iterating and evolving and improving the products set and so, even though we've launched the new GXL products we dont stand still and just hang, were always looking to make sure were consistently improving the product set.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Gary Bisbee from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Gary Bisbee: Hi, guys. Good morning, so I guess the first question, GTS sales productivity continues to move up and if I just survey the last 12 years annually its never risen two years in a row. And so I guess, I wonder, and I'm not suggesting it wont continue to do well, but given that history, what are you doing different today or what conviction do you have that theres more room to go with sales productivity in the technology business?
Eugene Hall: Yes, hey, its Gene, Gary. So, the - you know were committed to continuous improvement and continuous innovation across our business, and over time we introduce innovations in all aspects of our sales processes. It ranges from what Craig said, which is, making sure the products are better every year, so obviously the products are better, they are easier to sell and on top of that, you get better retention. And then as you know we focus on tools, training, et cetera and processes and those things are continuously improving as well. So, if you get down to it those are the things, the combination of constant improving products, constant improving sales tools, constant improving sales training, recruiting, also, we make sure, we are getting better every year at finding people that are better fit for the company as well. And so, its a combination of all that stuff thats driving productivity, and so we are committed to continue to drive productivity up over time.
Gary Bisbee: And then just more of a macro question. When I look back over the history there have been a few times where youve seen a little bit of softening in the CV growth when either macroeconomic or sort of end market challenges made it a little tougher to sell, theres been some slowdown in global growth and yet the business continues to fire incredibly well in the technology franchise. So do you dont think thats more just your execution or is there anything about demand in technology and how much, you know, the velocity of change in technology thats also contributing to the performance?
Eugene Hall: Yes, I dont think its the velocity of change in technology. That would be sort of a more minor factor I think. You know, one of the things that weve learned is that, at any given point in time some of our clients are doing well and some of our clients are in distress. And we have specific programs where we go and help clients that are distressed. They are not the same programs as clients that are in growth are doing well. And again if I look across the  our client pace, we are were in a hundred countries, were in every industry with every size client, theres always some people in trouble. And I could give you specific countries where we did really, really well last year even though the economy was shrinking. And so the, you know, we have a real focus on making sure we can do well through the actual programs we run with our clients individually during well or not, and whether they are in a good macroeconomic situation or not.
Gary Bisbee: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Meuler from Baird. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, thanks, good morning. This is Nick [indiscernible] on for Jeff. Just going back to the GBS enterprise count, I realize the wallet retention metric is more important and but just is there anything you're hearing about the product or pricing changes that maybe aren't resonating with some of the smaller legacy clients? Or is that really just kind of an outsized impact from the products being discontinued or an internal focus on some larger client opportunities if anything you can add there?
Eugene Hall: Yes, so just to build on Craig's point earlier, the client count is really driven by small companies and there are some more volatility with small companies, they are much more likely to get acquired, they are much more likely to go out of business. And so, in any given quarter, the kind of swings that happen are more driven by how many of those companies were not in existence or got acquired et cetera. So it's - and that's true by the way of GTS as well as GBS in terms of the swing in client counts. If you think about like at the extreme, the S&P 500 companies that we serve, we're likely able to keep serving year after year, after year, after year is very high. Gene's pizza parlor that buys Gartner services, I may get quite a lot of business lot more frequently than S&P 500 companies. So that's really what's driving the client count.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that's helpful and just a follow up on the CV trends and outlook over the rest of the year. Can you guys talk about how Q1 compared to your internal expectations and just given that sales force growth remains above the full-year target initiatives and you say that's easing comp, so are you kind of confident that Q1 should be the low watermark for the year?
Craig Safian: Hey, Nick, it's Craig. I think when we look at the Q1 performance across the board, whether we're talking revenue, profit, booking, CV, we kind of came in around where we expected to, again recognizing that Q1 is generally our latest quarter from a new business perspective, from a Conferences perspective, et cetera. So I would say we came in right around our expectations. I think in terms of thinking about the balance of the year, as we discussed on our last earnings call and at Investor Day, particularly within GBS, that compares do get a little easier as we go through the year, just based on the phase out of legacy new business that we sold over the course of 2018. And so the most - the bulk of that was sold in the first half of the year with a real step down as we fully launched and rolled out the new GXL products in the second half of the year. So that's the one place where we could argue or I would argue that the compare gets a little bit easier. I think on the rest of the business we performed really, really well last year and our expectation is that we continue to keep pace and/or accelerate our performance across the rest of our businesses.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Toni Kaplan from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Toni Kaplan: Thank you, good morning. Using your framework last quarter showing the 8% CV growth given the same productivity rates, I tried to calculate it for LTM this quarter and assuming I have the inputs right it looks a little bit closer to 6%. And so, just I guess does that sound consistent with sort of what you're seeing and does that make you any less confident in the double-digit target, or is it just that you're expecting the comps to get easier, and so that's what makes you feel good about it?
Eugene Hall: Hey, good morning, Toni. So I think your math is right, so as you look at the extrapolation of new business productivity on an LTM basis, it did step down in the first quarter. We expect it to step back up over the next few quarters. Again as the sales force gets more seasoning, more tenured and gets really rolling from a productivity or new business productivity perspective, particularly around GXL, as you'll remember from that chart and discussion, there are two levers the attrition lever and the new business productivity lever. And again as I mentioned, we're seeing nice improvement in - on the attrition side, and so again there were multiple paths to get to that double-digit contract value growth. We remain as confident coming out of Q1 as we were going into Q1 and again there are multiple ways to get there through various combinations of attrition improvement and new business productivity.
Toni Kaplan: Okay, terrific. And is there anything you could call out in terms of trends, in terms of tenure of sales people, basically are you keeping the GBS sales people that you want to be keeping, is there sort of any like any sort of retention trends in the sales people that would be helpful? Thanks.
Eugene Hall: Great question, because sales people's productivity goes up very rapidly the tenure, we want to retain people. As in GBS we have retention that is on par with GTS, and in fact our GBS retention is better this year than it was last year. So that will be another tailwind we'll have through the year is we'll have a richer mix of more tenured people.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks for that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bill Warmington from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Bill Warmington: Good morning, everyone. So we're a little over a third of the way through Q2 and I wanted to ask whether Q2 was actually going to be the inflection point for the GBS contract value growth. It would seem that, that would need to be the case if you're targeting double-digit by the end of the year, but I just wanted to confirm, that's the way you guys are expecting it or was it actually going to be Q3?
Craig Safian: Hey good morning, Bill. We don't give quarterly guidance on CV and/or inflection points, but again the way I would describe it is, as I said earlier, the Q1 compare was the toughest, the Q2 compare is the next toughest, the Q3 compare is then the next toughest and then the Q4 compare would then the be the - I cringe using the word, but the easiest. So again, the way we're looking at it is really not on a quarter-by-quarter basis. As we've discussed, we are laying the foundation for future sustained and accelerated double-digit growth. We remain committed and we firmly believe we will get there by the end of the year.
Bill Warmington: And then as my follow-up question, the GXL new products are driving the 84% year-over-year, new business growth. I know you target a number of different multiples there HR, legal, accounting sales, in which vertical are you seeing the most traction and in which vertical are you seeing the least traction?
Eugene Hall: Bill, actually we're seeing good traction across the verticals. We showed a chart on Investor Day showed in six of the verticals, how we were doing and each one continues to accelerate. So I'd sort of say there's not one we see as the problem there, actually they're all doing really well in terms of the acceleration acceleration in GXL sales.
Bill Warmington: Got it, thank you for the help.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Silber: Thank you so much. I know you had mentioned that this is a relatively seasonally light quarter for new business, but if I could focus just on the GBS new business, are you seeing cross-selling to existing GTS customers, are these new customers for you, if you can give us a little bit of color on it, I'd appreciate it?
Eugene Hall: So it's a very good question, Jeff. So we do have cross selling, obviously we have a lot of relationships, you know 12,000 give or take GTS [indiscernible] we cross-sell to. We do cross sell. With GBS though the opportunity is so vast and we're still under-penetrated that it is, that's not the most important factor. So where it is helpful our sales force is doing that and we facilitate it. We're trying to facilitate it internally, but it's just the products are attractive and there is so much open market opportunity, that that's not the kind of most important factor.
Jeffrey Silber: Okay, and I know your business has nothing to do with the stock market, but we saw kind of a wide swing in sentiment between what the market was expecting overall in the fourth quarter and what the market seems to be expecting in this last quarter. Did you see any change of tone in any of your customers because of that?
Eugene Hall: Are you thinking from a macroeconomic viewpoint, Jeff?
Jeffrey Silber: Yes, exactly.
Eugene Hall: Yes. So as Craig said in his remarks, I would characterize our - the selling environment the same as it's been all last year - Q1 was the same as it was in Q4 and those were the same as we saw all last year and in fact for some time actually I'd say. There is some - there are some countries that are not doing that great, but there's always some countries that are not doing that great. And I'd say for the big economies, they're kind of moving along at a - what I'd call a normal pace.
Jeffrey Silber: Okay, I appreciate the color. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Joseph Foresi from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open.
Joseph Foresi: Hi, in GBS, is this a matter of selling more of the new and less of the old and some better comps? I'm just trying to get a sense there. And then also are you selling new products to new clients or new products to old clients? I am just trying to get a sense of how that works at all?
Eugene Hall: So, on the first piece - on the second piece, if a client has legacy product and they're happy with it, we let them stay and be happy with it. We have very good margins on our products and we want to do that. And so, our real focus is not on upgrading, but on selling to new clients. It could be new clients in the same enterprise. So it could be a different division of the company, but it's really the folks are selling new clients. As Craig mentioned in his remarks, there are some upgrades, but that's not our primary focus.
Craig Safian: And Joe, it's Craig. The way to think about it, again, if you look at Page 11 in the earning supplement from this quarter or from last quarter when we reviewed the full year 2018, I'd say there are two primary levers here; one is continuing to focus on driving engagement, which translates into higher retention rates or lower attrition rates, and then two is the ramp of GXL new business more than outpacing the declines in legacy new business. We are still selling some, what we call legacy new business in certain small areas where we have not launched the corresponding GXL C, that's kind of at a stable level now and we expect that to continue into the future until we replace them potentially with GXL products, but it's kind of all about the ramp of GXL new business combined with better retention.
Joseph Foresi: Got it. And then just as a followup, I understand the metrics associated with productivity and retention and the new products versus the old products. So that all makes sense on paper, but is there anything different that you could call out from a visibility standpoint in GBS that gives you added, I guess, confidence in the double digits? I'm sure the Street is curious as to why you're holding to it. So I'm just wondering if there's any difference around the visibility from a sales perspective or the process around it? Thanks.
Eugene Hall: So, it's a combination of things. So first, we've added significant capacity and we know that those sales people will gain tenure and will sell more. Secondly, we know that even if all the people that are still going through the learning curve and they'll sell more and our pipeline reflects that. So, again, if you compare the pipeline for Q2 versus pipeline for Q1, it is significantly better, just kind of selling pipeline. And the second piece is like Craig said, which is, we know that GXL products have significantly higher retention and so as that mix continues, we sell more GXL, that mix continues to get richer with more GXL products and Craig mentioned, it's about 10 points higher retention or 10 points lower attrition then they are legacy products for the deals that renewed in Q1, and we expect that to continue. So as we get more and more proportion of GXL products that have significantly higher retention and we get our sales - our larger sales force with more tenure as we extrapolate that out, we see that it looks - that's why we have confidence that we are on a good track.
Joseph Foresi: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Peter Appert from Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Peter Appert: Thank you. Good morning. So, Craig, just expanding a bit on your earlier comments in terms of the evolution in the GBS product, if you stop selling or you are de-emphasizing selling the legacy GBS product, does that imply then that the legacy GBS contract value continues to decline at the recent rate?
Craig Safian: Yes. it does, Peter. So that - yes, essentially what we've been tracking and trying to provide some visibility around is the mix. And so as I - I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks, today we sit with 35% of our GBS contract value is in GXL and that's about 15 percentage points higher than it was Q1 of last year. And we expect soon over the next several quarters for GXL to be a bigger portion of the portfolio. That's a combination of accelerated GXL growth and continued declines in the legacy contract value.
Peter Appert: And does the legacy business then go to zero at some point?
Craig Safian: So, I don't think the legacy goes all the way to zero. There are still a handful of smaller functions that we serve with the legacy product set and it's a valuable product and the buyers or end users in our client set really, really like and value these products. Overtime there's a potential that we could launch GXL type product in those areas, but again that's not where the largest opportunity is. The other thing I'd say is our strategy and Gene alluded to this earlier, is we - if clients are happy with the legacy and they want to keep renewing and keep paying us, we generally are fine with that as a strategy. And so, I think it's unlikely it goes all the way to zero. But again as I mentioned, it will continue to drift downward as we replace a lot of it with the new GXL new business.
Peter Appert: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from George Tong from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
George Tong: Hi. Thanks, good morning. I'd like to dive deeper into GBS sales productivity. The productivity of your GBS segment was negative 2,000 in net contract value increase per year ago sales headcount. I know 1Q is your lightest quarter for new business and you're retiring legacy products. But can you elaborate on why productivity is coming in negative given it takes 12 to 18 months for new sales hires to ramp and most of the GBS sales force was layered in a year ago?
Craig Safian: Hi. Good morning, George. Yes, it's actually, I mean, the primary factor that drove that decline is essentially the phase out of selling legacy new business. So, in Q1 of last year, the bulk of our sales force was still selling legacy leadership councils, we phased that out to the point where as of the beginning of Q3, we are only selling legacy leadership councils in the smaller businesses. I just mentioned that we don't have a corresponding GXL product and we essentially lost that strong new business quarter in the rolling 4 quarter NCVI and replaced it with this first quarter where we had really strong GXL new business, but not enough to offset the decline, as you can see again on that Slide 11 of the decline in legacy new business. And so, you again as we look at it again, we're not playing the one quarter game here. As we look at it over the long term, to get to the double-digit growth we talked about, we will absolutely have to have and will deliver very positive productivity for the full year again. You can do the math on what that would need to be. But again, I think it's just - it's a one quarter impact where we have the toughest compare, and as we progress through the year, as I mentioned the compares get easier, and we expect to see the GXL new business continue to ramp.
George Tong: Got it. That's helpful. Your GXL new business activity in the quarter was $24 million, but if you compare that to legacy product attrition that was $23 million. Can you discuss what factors over the next several quarters will help you to excel on new business trends outperform legacy attrition besides just using comps?
Eugene Hall: Yes, we expect new business to accelerate for all the reasons we've been talking on the call. So the fact that we had more sales people with more tenure and more used to selling GBS products and so we expect new business to accelerate. And then secondly, we expect retention to get better or attrition to get better, less attrition for two reasons, one is that, we have - each quarter that goes on, we have more GXL products and GXL products as Craig mentioned have a higher retention rate, and secondly, for even the legacy products, we're putting in place retention programs to improve that retention as well. And so, it may never be as good as GXL, but we think we can still make substantial improvements in legacy product retention. So, it's the combination of new business accelerating and retention getting better as well.
George Tong: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Gene Hall, CEO for closing remarks.
Eugene Hall: Well, summarizing today's call, we delivered another robust performance in the first quarter of 2019 fueled by double-digit growth in each of our business segments, Research, Conferences, and Consulting. We continue to make significant global impact. We got more than 15,000 enterprise clients in more than 100 countries around the world with their mission critical priorities while providing great jobs to more than 15,000 counted associates globally. The Gartner Formula for sustained double-digit growth underpins our success our Research business and our business model allows us to write strong double-digit growth in all key metrics including cash flow. Our future at Gartner remains bright. Thanks for joining us today and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-05 09:14:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Gartner Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Cohen, Gartner's GVP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Cohen: Thank you, Heather, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for Gartner's fourth quarter 2018 earnings call. With me today are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Chief Financial Officer. This call will include a discussion of fourth quarter 2018 financial results and our outlook for 2019, as disclosed in today's press release. In addition to today's press release, we have provided an earnings supplement for investors and analysts, in which we provided a detailed review of our financials and business metrics. In the earnings supplement, we included a full non-GAAP P&L, excluding divested operations. This table combines Heritage Gartner and Heritage CEB, and removes the operating results of the divestitures starting January 1, 2017. For 2018, the table provides the results as if we had used the net proceeds from the divestitures to repay debt on December 31st, 2017. This gives you a view down to adjusted EPS for 2018 that reflects how we are thinking about the business as we move into 2019. Please note our Events segment has been renamed Conferences to align with the Business Operations. Also in our discussion of Global Business Sales or GBS, we will refer to the GXL products. These are the products for business leaders across the enterprise. Gartner for Marketing Leaders is GML; Gartner for Finance Leaders is GFL and so on. We've introduced six of these products over the past five quarters and we'll introduce more in the future. In aggregate, we will refer to these products for business leaders as GXL. We've posted the press release and the earnings supplement on our website investor.gartner.com. Following comments by Gene and Craig, we will open up the call for your questions. We ask that you limit your questions to one and follow up. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to revenue and contribution margin are for adjusted revenue, excluding divested operations and adjusted contribution margin, excluding divested operations, which exclude the deferred revenue purchase accounting adjustments and the recently divested businesses. All references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, excluding divested operations with the adjustments as described in our earnings release and excluding the divested operations. All cash flow numbers unless stated otherwise are as reported with no adjustments related to the divested operations. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX neutral, unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2018 foreign exchange rates. In the earnings supplement, the abbreviation ex D.O. indicates that the metric excludes divested operations. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2017 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now, I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. 2018 was a strong year. We continue to have world-class operational execution and innovation, while making progress on our core strategy of establishing leading the market positions in every role across the enterprise.  We continue to invest in our business to drive sustained double-digit growth. Across the business, we grow sales forces and reduced open sales positions to record lows. We made substantial investments in GBS products, service and sales to accelerate future growth. We also made substantial investments in critical support functions, such as recruiting to ensure that we have the talent to support sustained double-digit growth. We divested several non-core businesses to focus on our enormous market opportunity. We helped 15,600 enterprise clients in 100 countries around the world with their mission critical priorities. We provided great jobs to 15,000 associates around the world, and delivered market leading returns for our shareholders. Few organizations had this level of global impact. In 2018, total revenues were up 12%, fueled by strong performances from our Research, Conferences and Consulting businesses. Research delivered another strong year of double-digit growth, up 12% over 2017. One factor fueling our growth is consistent application of the Gartner Formula. The Gartner Formula for growth is our playbook for driving sustained double-digit growth. It consists of indispensable insights, exceptional talent, sales excellence and enabling infrastructure. For all of these, we drive globally consistent execution of best practices and continuous improvement and innovation. We continue to apply the Gartner Formula to the Global Technology Sales, or GTS, and Global Business Sales, or GBS. GTS source leaders and their teams within IT and represents 80% of our total contract value. In GTS, our performance continued to accelerate in 2018. Contract value growth increased to 14% and sales productivity improved. We again delivered double digit growth in every region across every sized company and in virtually every industry. This acceleration is driven by three primary factors: consistent application of the Gartner Formula for growth, continued growth in our sales force and a reduction in proportion of open territories. During 2018 we have the best level of execution yet of these programs. GBS serves leaders and their teams outside of IT. This includes supply chain and marketing, which we've addressed for several years as well as other major enterprise roles including HR, finance, legal, sales and more. Each of these roles has the same needs for our services as IT. For example, HR leaders recognized that future effectiveness depends on talent analytics. We help HR leaders build their talent and analytics capability and use it drive successful business decisions and outcomes. Talent analytics capabilities are dynamic and constantly changing. So HR leaders are continually having to adapt. This is an example of why our HR offering is as essential for HR leaders as our IT offering is for IT leaders. Over time, our HR business has the potential to have contract value of over $1 billion. Finance, sales, marketing and supply chain could be equally large. This gives GBS incredible growth potential. Our objective in 2018 was to build the initial foundation for sustained double-digit growth to realize this incredible opportunity. We're implementing the Gartner Formula for growth across GBS. In 2018, we put special emphasis in three key areas, products, processes and sales force growth. As David said, we refer to our products for business leaders as GXL. GXL products delivered sustained growth compared to legacy products. They provide greater value to clients because they're tailored to the clients individual needs. This in turn results in higher prices for user and stronger retention. Beyond pricing retention, GXL products provide exponentially more growth opportunities, because we can sell these high-value products throughout our clients organizations. We've had GXL products in our supply chain business, and they've been very successful. We've also GXL products in our marketing business and theyve been very successful. Beginning late in 2017 and continue in 2018, we added the GXL products for the largest GBS roles, including HR, finance, sales and legal. Over time, we'll add more GXL products for other roles. Another essential element for sustained growth is best practiced training, tools and processes. Over the past decade, we've developed sales training, tools and processes, or TTS, that are among the best in the world. During 2018, we began equipping the GBS sales force with these best practices. The learning to use these best practices isnt easy. It's a significant change from the previously of doing things and can take talented, experienced sales people years to become proficient. For example, in GTS, we hired talented highly experienced sales people. These new hires take three years to achieve full productivity. In the second year they sale almost double better their first year. And productivity continues to improve again in year three. One way to think about GBS is that virtually all the sales people and their managers win their first year with Gartner in 2018. Like experience to hires they need to learn the Gartner best practices. It will take them some time to become fully proficient. With the other products and the Gartner Formula, we grew sales capacity 23% during 2018, which sets us up for long-term growth in 2018 and beyond. As a growth company, we were aggressive in building this foundation to provide long-term double-digit growth. We transition from legacy to higher value GXL products as fast as practical. We piloted the new GXL products in late 2017. The new products were rolled out and sales people trained during the first half of 2018. Sales people continued to sell the legacy products during the first half to close out their existing pipeline. Beginning at mid-year, sales people begin selling only GXL products. As a result, sales of legacy products were robust in the first half, but stopped in the second half. As expected the GBS sales force rapidly went up the learning curve and sales of GXL products accelerated throughout 2018. Our sales force sold more than $100 million of GXL new business, almost tripled the $37 million from 2017. And almost half of these sales were from products that werent fully launched until mid year. However, the transition from legacy to GXL had an impact on our 2018 contract value growth. GXL has accelerated but not fast enough during 2018 to outpace the decline in legacy sales. As our sales force continues to gain experience selling GXL products in 2019, we expect to achieve double-digit contract value growth by the end of the year. As I noted earlier, we havent yet introduced GXL products to replace all legacy products. So we have sales people dont have GXL products to sell. These sales people will continue selling legacy products until we introduce the GXL replacement. As a result, well still at some legacy product new business until that point. So in GBS, we entered 2019 with a 23% larger sales force. That sales force is more tenure and its further up learning in productivity curve. We have a higher mix of GXL products, which have greater retention. And well have a full year of our retention programs. This is our path to double-digit growth. Beyond Research, our Conference and Consulting businesses performed very well in 2018. Gartner Conferences delivered incredible insights to our attendees, while building brand awareness and making them profit. The newly began Conference segment had its best year yet. Investments we made to conference sales organizations in the Events business were critical in driving these strong results. Revenue was up more than 19% and surpassed $400 million because of the tremendous value our clients get from our conferences. Our Events business accelerated to more than 20% growth for the year compared to no growth prior to the acquisition. The forward-looking metrics for our Conferences segment remains strong going to 2019. Gartner Consulting extends the value of our Research, providing in-depth expertise on longer term engagements. Our Consulting business grew 7% during 2018. Moving of a strong base, our labor-based business and our contract optimization business both drove improvements over 2017. We ended the year with our backlog, up 12% year-over-year, which sets us up for a great 2019. SG&A grew 16%. G&A grew 9%, slower than the overall business. This included investments in growing our recruiting capability to meet our long-term talent needs. As a growth company, we made significant investments in sales to drive future growth. We invested in three areas. First, our largest investment was the expanding the GTS sales force and reducing the number of open territories. This was a key contributor to GTS contract value growth and acceleration. We also invested in expanding the global conferences sales force and reducing a number of open territories. This was a major factor in Conferences, having a record-breaking year. And finally, we invested in expanding the GBS sales force, growing headcount about 22%. This provides a great foundation for future growth. In summary, 2018 was a strong year. We continue to have world-class operational execution and innovation, while making progress on our core strategy of establishing market leading positions in every role across the enterprise. We made investments across the business to support sustained double-digit growth and leading indicators are strong. We assist our clients around the world with their mission critical priorities, provided great job for our associates and delivered another year of market leading returns for our shareholders. And now here is Craig Safian, our CFO, to give you an in-depth view of our financials. Craig?
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. 2018 was an exciting year for Gartner. It was the first full year of providing insight and advice to clients across all enterprise functions giving us a much broader addressable market and the ability to provide even more value to our clients. On FX-neutral basis, our year-over-year financial performance for 2018 included: total contract value growth of 11%; total company revenue growth of 12%; adjusted EBITDA growth of 9%; diluted adjusted earnings per share of $3.63 and free cash flow of $468 million. Demand for our services remains robust around the world. And in the fourth quarter, we delivered excellent financial results across our three operating segments. As our 2019 outlook demonstrates, we expect to deliver double digit in FX-neutral revenue and EBITDA growth with strong cash flow generation. Fourth quarter revenue was $1.1 billion, up 10% on a reported basis, and 12% on an FX-neutral basis. We also delivered contribution margin of 63%, up about 24 basis points from the prior year, EBITDA of $211 million, up 6% year-over-year and 6% FX-neutral and adjusted EPS was $1.20. Free cash flow in the quarter was $7 million modestly ahead of expectations as some major CapEx projects slipped into 2019. Our Research business had another excellent quarter. Research revenue grew 9% in the fourth quarter and 11% on an FX-neutral basis. Total contract value was $3.2 billion at December 31st, growth of 11.4% versus the prior year. We always report contract value growth in FX-neutral terms. For the full year of 2018, Research revenues increased by 13% on a reported basis and 12% on an FX-neutral basis. The growth contribution margin for Research was 69.1% consistent with prior years. On Page 9 of the earnings supplement, you will see details of GTS performance overtime. In the fourth quarter, GTS contract value increased 14% versus the prior year accelerating its growth rate both sequentially and year-over-year. GTS had contract value of $2.6 billion at year-end. Client retentions for GTS remained strong at 83%. Wallet retention for GTS was 105% for the quarter, up 70 basis points year-over-year, and the highest we've reported for GTS. These retention rates reflect client spending more with us each and every year. GTS new business grew 14% versus the fourth quarter of last year. We continue to see a mix of new business across new clients, sales of additional services and upgrades through existing clients. We ended the fourth quarter with 12,998 GTS clients, up 6% compared to Q4 of 2017. The average contract value for enterprise also continues to grow. They now stand at $197,000 for enterprise and GTS, up 8%. This continued and consistent increase in average spends reflects our ability to drive CV growth both through new and the existing enterprises. Average spend for enterprise has increased consistently over the past several years, but our average enterprise still only has five to six weeks meaning we still have plenty of incremental penetration opportunities within our existing clients. The investments we have made over the past two years to improve sales force productivity continue to pay off with an increase again in this quarter. For GTS, the year-over-year net contract value increase, or NCVI, divided by the beginning in period quota-bearing headcount was $118,000 per salesperson, up 7% versus the fourth quarter of last year. This is the fifth consecutive quarter of year-over-year productivity improvement. The combination of headcount growth and productivity improvements led to GTS accelerating its growth rate over the course of 2018. Turning to GBS. As you heard from Gene, our focus in 2018 was on building the foundation for future sustained double-digit growth in GBS CV. All of our GBS metrics reflected discontinuation of sales of the largest legacy products. As Gene described the discontinuations have been based on a purposeful strategy that allows our sales teams to focus on GXL products going forward. GBS contract value finished the year at $607 million, up 1% versus 2017. As Gene also discussed, the future of GBS is our GXL products. Looking at total contract value from the GXL products, we drove an increase of 79% year-over-year, from $109 million to $195 million, from 2017 to 2018. Just in the fourth quarter, in HR and Finance together, we generated $30 million of new CV. On Page 10 of our earnings supplement, you will see the usual summary of GBS metrics. GBS client retention was 82% for the quarter. GBS wallet retention was 95%, down from 100% last year. New business declined by 11% in the quarter versus the prior year. We ended the fourth quarter with 5,451 GBS clients, down about 4% versus the prior year period. For GBS, productivity declined significantly. The year-over-year net contract value increase, or NCVI, provided by the beginning period quota-bearing headcount was $10,000. The average contract value per enterprise at GBS increased about 5% to $111,000. Those were the headline results. However, they have secured what is really happening as we make the transition to GXL products. To drill down, we provided some more details than usual this quarter and youll find the data that will reference included in the earnings supplement. On Page 11, youll see the bridge from 2016 GBS CV to 2018 GBS CV. Shown in grey and on the bottom left of the page, youll see that new business for the legacy products declined by $81 million in 2018, as we made the strategic decision to discontinue new sales of those products in favor of the new GXL products. The chart on the top left depicts the most important development, growth of new business and the new GXL products. We sold over $100 million worth of GXL new business over the course of 2018, an increase of 176%. And that number obviously ramped over the course of the year as our frontline sellers started making the transition to selling GXL products. The drivers of future GBS growth are the same as they are for GTS, headcount and sales productivity. Improvements and increases in both leads to revenue, profits and cash flow. In 2018, we grew our sales force 23%, which is an addition to growing 16% during 2017. As this larger sales force continues gaining experience, they will drive accelerated growth. Productivity in turn increases when new business improves, retention improves or both. While we typically combine new business and attrition in our reporting, we're breaking them out this quarter to help you see what's going on below the headline numbers. New business productivity for GBS overall, a complete measure of how much the GBS sales team is selling is calculated as trailing 12-month new business provided by opening period headcount. This is comparable to the methodology we use for our longstanding productivity measure. On this measure, we ended 2018 at more than $260,000 of new business for sales person. New business productivity for GXL continues to ramp as the team has had more time with the newest products since we started introducing them late in 2017. In 2018, which was only a partial year for most of the practice areas, the team sold more than $100 million of GXL new business. That compares to $37 million last year. Almost half of 2018's new sales are from products that didn't pilot or fully launched until late 2017. The one other thing to note is that legacy new business will not be going to zero. While we have launched GXL products in all the primary functional areas, there are still leadership councils that will continue to have new business until we launch the replacement GXL products. As we shift more of the CV to the GXL products, we expect high retention rates. While legacy GBS CV attrition is close to 30%, GXL attrition is around 20%, almost at GTS levels. Exiting 2018 on a blended basis, that's about 27% attrition. There is still opportunity to reduce attrition, and we've expanded our service teams because we know great engagement meets the better retention. The underlying drivers of the engagement are the individualized content and service than an enterprise license does not facilitate as naturally. As the attrition rate moves from just under 30% towards the GXL rate or even lower, we will see growth accelerating. With the success that the GBS team is having with the new GXL products, their high retention levels, programs we have in place to drive incremental improvements of retention and the stability in the organization and strategy as we enter 2019, we continue to manage towards double-digit CV growth by the end of this year. On Page 12 of the supplement, we outlined a high level model to help you think about the path to double digit CV growth the way we do. You can see the sensitivity to improvements and new business productivity and retention. We get the double digit growth through a combination of more sales people already onboard and with more tenure of better product mix for retention, broader retention programs in place and a compelling set of new products. If we don't make any improvements in new business productivity or attrition, GBS CV will grow about 8% in 2019. Of course, we are focused on continuous improvement and innovation. For every 100 basis points improvement in attrition, we will see 100 basis points improvement in growth. For every $7,500 improvement in new business productivity, we will see a 100-basis-point improvement in growth. That's only a 3% improvement. Looking back at the Research business in 2018, GTS had an outstanding year with increases in wallet retention, sales productivity and accelerating contract value. We are seeing returns on the increased spending we did in 2017 and 2018. For GVS, while CV decelerated in the quarter, we have built the foundations for the future. The market validated the products value propositions and sales teams have made tremendous progress adapting to the new products and our go-to-market approach. In Conferences, revenues increased by 16% year-on-year in Q4 to $196 million. FX-neutral growth was 18%. We had 15 destination conferences in the fourth quarter consistent with last year. On a same conference FX-neutral basis, revenues were up 18% with an 11% increase in same conference attendees. For the full year 2018, revenue increased by 19% on both reported and FX-neutral basis. Gross contribution margin for the year was 50%, an increase of about 190 basis points from 2017. As you know, we made a number of investments in support of our conference business in 2017. Those investments paid off as Conferences had its best year ever. Fourth quarter Consulting revenue is increased by 12% to $96 million. FX-neutral growth was about 14%. Labor-based revenues were $74 million. In our labor-based business, revenues increased 3% versus Q4 of last year or 4% on an FX-neutral basis. On the Labor-based side global headcount of 738 was up 8%, and we had 141 managing partners at the end of Q4, up about 3% versus the prior year. Utilization of 61% was affected by Europe where we had lower levels of backlog. The backlog position in Europe improved as we exited 2018. Overall, backlog ended the quarter at $111 million, up 12% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis. Our bookings performance remained strong and our 2019 pipeline is encouraging. The contract optimization business was up over 60% versus the prior year quarter. For the full year, Consulting revenue increased by 8%, or 7% FX-neutral, and its gross contribution of 29%, was up 40 basis points compared to 2017. As I mentioned earlier, the overall gross margins for the whole business improved by approximately 24 basis points in Q4 and over 60 basis points for the full year of 2018. SG&A increased 12% year-over-year in the fourth quarter or 14% on an FX-neutral basis. We continue to grow sales capacity and the enabling infrastructure to support our strategy of delivering sustained double-digit growth over the long-term. The enabling infrastructure includes investments in human resources functions like recruiting and real estate to support the increased number of associates around the world. Our sales force continues to be our largest investment. And at the end of the fourth quarter, we had 3,894 quota-bearing associates in Research. This includes 3,100 foreign GTS and 790 in GBS, for growth of 15% and 23% respectively. For the full year, SG&A grew 16% on a reported basis and 15% FX-neutral. G&A, which represents about one third of the SG&A, grew about 9%, as we continue to see modest operating leverage in G&A, leverage that we can reinvest in other areas to support and drive growth. We've made a number of investments across our selling teams over the course of 2017 and 2018. And our results in 2018, shows some of the returns we've been getting for those investments. In GTS, we've made investments to increase territories, reduce open rolls and to drive improvements in sales productivity. In 2018, we saw improvements of productivity and the growth rate of CV accelerated. In the incremental CV, we gained from these investments has value beyond just one year. Similarly in our Conferences business, we invested in increasing territories, reducing open territories and management and selling infrastructure for the advent of business. These investments supported almost a doubling of our growth rate in 2018. And we are expecting the same sorts of returns from our investments in GBS. We're investing in growing sales force, improving service and launching new products, which we believe will translate to double-digit contract value growth in 2019, and even faster than that in the future. Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $211 million, up 6% on both reported and FX neutral basis. Depreciation was about flat with last year, and amortization took an expected to step down from $53 million to $34 million as some of the acquisition intangibles reached their 18-months life. Integration expenses were down year-over-year as we have moved past the biggest part of the integration work. Interest expense in the quarter was $25 million, down from $36 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. The lower interest expense resulted from paying down debt over the past year. The Q4 adjusted tax rate, which we used for the calculation of adjusted net income, was 30.6% for the quarter. This was higher than expected largely due to audit settlements and increased non-deductible expenses. The tax rate for the items due to adjusted net income was 45.3% a quarter. Adjusted EPS in Q4 was $1.20. For the full year, adjusted EPS was $3.63, excluding divested operations. In Q4, operating cash flow was $45 million compared to $22 million last year. The increase in operating cash flow was driven by solid operating results, lower interest expense and improvements in working capital. Q4, 2018 CapEx was $62 million and Q4 cash acquisition and integration payments and other non-recurring items were approximately $24 million, about $18 million of CapEx we have planned for the fourth quarter slipped into 2019. Free cash flow for the full year was $468 million, which is up more than 36% versus the prior year on a combined basis. 2018 was a very strong free cash flow year for us, but there are few items, all of which we've discussed in the past needs to be aware of. First, the 2018 results include a roughly $40 million catch-up on collections, which should have occurred during 2017. The reported figure also included the free cash flows of a number of divested operations related to the periods prior to closing. We estimate roughly $19 million of an impact there. Taking those adjustments into account, our ongoing 2018 free cash flow would have been $409 million. 2018 was a strong free cash flow year.  Our December 31st debt balance was about $2.3 billion. Our debt is now 95% fixed rate. Our gross leverage on a reported basis is up 3.2 times. Adjusted EBITDA for the divestitures, our gross leverage ratio is now about 3.4x EBITDA. We  some of our capacity can take advantage of the decline in the stock price in the fourth quarter, repurchasing of $156 million of our stock. Our capital allocation strategy remains the same. We deploy our free cash flow and balance sheet flexibility on strategic value enhancing M&A, and returning capital to our shareholders through our buyback programs. We have over $850 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. Turning to the outlook for 2019. Having completed the divestitures in the fourth quarter, we again provided you with a set of non-GAAP financials we use to evaluate the business. We expect to share this incremental information on an ongoing basis. Before jumping into the details, I wanted to give you the context how we approached our 2019 guidance and how we are operationalizing what Gene and I have discussed this morning. First, our 2018 ending contract value and corresponding growth rate drives the bulk of our 2019 Research revenues. As CV grows over the course of the year it does positively impact revenue, but growth in Q3 and Q4 has a more muted impact on the current year revenue line. Id also note that there is a slight headwind to our research and total revenue growth rates caused by product retirements. Second, advance bookings and consulting backlog are the metrics that drive our Conference and Consulting revenue guidance. As mentioned earlier, we had very strong advanced bookings in our Conference business, and our Consulting backlog is up 12% year-over-year and during 2019. Third, we continue to invest to support and drive the future growth of our business. After a surge in investing, 2019 will be closer to our typical run rate. Our 2019 plan cost for 11% territory growth in GTS, while maintaining our record low level of open territories, and roughly 14% to 16% territory growth for GBS. We have decided to moderate the growth in GBS, so that we can focus on getting all of our sales teams further up the lending curve with fewer distractions. The territory growth in GBS is predominantly in areas where we have already achieved strong productivity. We continue to invest in our enabling infrastructure functions, but we again plan to grow them at a slower rate in revenue in 2019. And lastly, our guidance reflects recent FX rates. The dollar strengthened over the course of 2018, and FX was causing roughly two point negative impacts to our projected 2019 growth rates across revenues, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EPS and free cash flows. The highlights of our full year 2019 guidance are as follows. We expect adjusted revenues of approximately $4.2 billion to $4.3 billion, those FX-neutral growth of 10% to 13%. In addition to the non-core businesses that we divested over the course of 2018, there were some additional products from the CEB acquisition that we viewed as non-core. We have retired these, which is impacting our 2019 total revenue growth by about 75 basis points. We expect adjusted EBITDA of $720 million to $765 million, FX-neutral growth of 7% to 13%. We expect an adjusted tax rate of around 25.5% for 2019. Please note that if you are adding back from GAAP net income, the rate for the tax affect on the add backs was about 23.5%. We expect 2019 adjusted EPS of between $3.82 and $4.19 per share, FX-neutral growth of approximately 7% to 15%. For 2019, we expect free cash flow of $455 million to $485 million. That is projected FX-neutral growth of 11% to 19% off of our normalized 2018 free cash flow. All the details of our guidance are included on our Investor Relations site. It is also important to note that we have revalued our contract value at current year FX rates. Our 2018 ending contract value at 2019 FX rates, is $2.5 billion for GTS and $594 million for GBS. Details are included in the appendix of the earnings supplement. Lastly on guidance, I'd like to provide some additional information to allow for an understanding of the seasonality and other factors that will impact our revenue and earnings on a quarterly basis. For 2019, we expect our quarterly revenue phasing to be roughly consistent with adjusted revenue phasing from 2018. Q1 will be a little lighter than 2018 as a percent of the full year, impacted by a stronger than normal Q1, 2018. This is also the quarter with the most pronounced impact of product retirements. For the first quarter of 2019, we expect adjusted EPS of between $0.50 and $0.54. Q1 EPS is impacted by slightly lower proportion of revenues, higher depreciation and foreign exchange. Our strong 2018 financial and operating performance across all of our operating segments continued in the fourth quarter. Notably our strong GTS contract value growth of 14% accelerated over the course of the year and sales of our new GXL products and GBS continue to scale. Our Conferences and Consulting businesses both had strong years. Free cash flow improved significantly in the year. We have divested all the identified non-core assets and used those proceeds to rapidly delever, reducing our debt balance by $1 billion in 2018. And we've resumed our share repurchase program buying over $260 million of our stock in 2018. The trends going into 2019 are strong and our teams are executing the plan. We are applying the Gartner growth formula across the combined business to drive sustained long-term double-digit growth to revenues, EBITDA and free cash flow. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Tim McHugh with William Blair. Your line is open.
Timothy McHugh: Thank you. Just, I guess, on GBS, I understand the comments you made, I guess broadly why there is a lot of change is happening in terms of the product set and new sales people. And so it's going to take time. But I think certainly relative to my expectations and the investors' expectations, it seems like it's harder or taking longer or at least the performance in the fourth quarter probably is a little weaker than we would have thought. So how does it compare to your expectations and what if it is taking longer or as harder? What's different than you would have said before?
Gene Hall: Hey, Tim, it's Gene. I wouldn't characterize it that way. Basically we, as I mentioned in my remarks, our focus has been how do we get to sustained double-digit growth as quickly as possible. And to do that we needed to introduce new products, we needed to trend sales force on those products, maybe become a sales learning curve. As we talked that in the past, we allow them to keep some of the legacy products there in their pipeline till midyear of 2018. We trained them in the first half of 2018, the new products. And so if you look at the learning curve, they didnt really get a chance to start the learning curve very well until the second half of 2018. And as Craig and I both mentioned, what happened basically at the end of the year is, they couldnt sell the legacy problems, so that fell off naturally, and their acceleration on the new products wasnt fast enough during 2018, it will be in 2019, wasnt fast during 2018 to make-up for that falloff. We did that purposely. There wasnt something that wasnt -- that we didnt know whats going to happen. We knew we purposely that we talked about less of the quarters of that exact strategy of liking to finish up the pipeline and then training people in the first half on the new products and selling those exclusively for the people have them beginning in the second half of last year.
Timothy McHugh: I guess, maybe following up on that. The change, I guess, in terms of the pace of growth youre growing the sales force at. Thats different than what you have said three to six months ago, I guess. So what are you seeing that says -- I guess, makes you decided to stop growing GBS at the same rate?
Gene Hall: So the -- we grew GBS very quickly during 2018 to set us for great 2019. Were still planning to grow at pretty good double-digit rate during 2019. As we always do, as weve always done in GTS, as we think -- as see productivity going up during 2019 or not meeting our expectations, well flex that up or down 2019. But I think we look at as were going into 2019 with a much stronger sales force, and we want to see return on that investment. And when we start to see full return on that investment, I can see its ramping up back in the 20% range of sales force growth as well.
Craig Safian: And Tim, its Craig. Good morning. The one thing Id add is, as I mentioned, we have moderated the growth rate. It was still projecting 14% to 16% GBS territory growth for 2019, which by many measures is still pretty rapid growth. But moderating -- it just allows us to have one less management challenge, if you will, as we roll into 2019. So as Gene and I both mentioned, as we think about 2019, weve got 23% more sales people. They all have more tenure or will have more tenure in 2019 than they had in 2018. Weve got great progress on the GXL new business sales and a number of other things working in our favor as well. And so, again, as we moderated the growth we have all that in mind as we pivot into 2019.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Your line is open.
Q  Manav Patnaik : So maybe just on GBS again, loosing clients in that business, I mean, I guess, I though you guys are still going to sell the legacy business for those who wanted it and so on and so forth. So can you just help me bridge why youre losing clients? And just a little bit more color on why legacy is getting hit so quickly that fast?
Gene Hall: So just to be clear on our strategy there, for clients that already have a legacy product, we will allow them to renew as long as they want to renew. And our renewal rates among the legacy products are slightly higher than they were when they were CEB products. And so actually they're riddled to going up since they become a product of GBS. So we're going to let clients who like that product, who want to keep renewing, they can keep renewing it. For new clients, we're still exceeding on selling just -- where we have the GXL products only selling GXL products because they provide more value to clients and higher retention. And so theyre better value for the clients and want the clients who have that value. And again, it benefits the economics of the business over the long term.
Q  Manav Patnaik: And I suppose, just in terms of visibility, I mean, I guess, one of the things that everyones liked about Gartner is given your subscription model and so forth you have the visibility. But at least it sounds like over the last few quarters things havent played out on the GBS side as we would have expected. So I guess what I'm trying to ask is, if I heard you correctly, I think, you guys said you'd get to 8% with no further improvements this year. And I was just learning how confident are you even in that 8% really?
Gene Hall: So, I guess, what I'd say is, thats purely the math of it meaning that if our productivity does not improve and our retention does not improve. By the way, we are certainly aiming to improve both productivity and retention. But if they did not, if you just take the pure math of it, that gets about 8% growth. And that's why we're pretty, I've said for quite some time, we are driving to get you double-digit growth by the end of '19, that table just shows the kind of pure math from where we are in terms of getting there.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Gary Bisbee with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Gary Bisbee: I guess, following on the  this line of questioning from others. Do you think you push change too fast that CEB given the state the business was in when you've acquired it? And maybe, in specifically, as it relates to the move to the seat base or the newer products, can you compare just how that transition when  Eugene, when you did that after joining Gartner a number of years ago? And how thats looking now? When we look back at the numbers from then, it doesn't appear, but hard to tell that there was this much sort of impact to the numbers that you pushed that change through. And so just help us understand how that happened in the past and the confidence that provides or how that frames what you're seeing today? Thank you.
Gene Hall: So Gary, thats going back a long time. So I'll just stick very briefly to that. When we first started and we accelerated back then, we didn't have the Gartner Formula, we didn't have all the capabilities in terms of recruiting, training, tools, process that we have today. And so that acceleration took place over a much longer time period. As we have -- and our plan really hasn't changed, and we're proceeding according to the plan for the CEB acquisition, which is we acquired the company. We've developed new products. We talked all year last year about how during the first half we let them sell the legacy products. As we train them on the new products, we have stopped them then they'll ramp up. That's what going according to what we would have expected. And so weve purposely decide to go faster because we have better recruiting, training, tools and processes than we had 15 years ago.
Gary Bisbee: And then, just the follow-up, maybe for Craig. So when I look at the free cash flow guidance for the year, it's not clear to me that there is the working capital benefit in the back half of the year that the acceleration of CV or GBS would normally imply. And so just -- can you help us understand as you think about the free cash flow profile of the business, do we still think that if you are successful in accelerating CV of that segment? We should see the cash conversion improved meaningfully over -- at least as an exit rate as we exit this year and into next year or is there anything different today? Thank you.
Craig Safian: No. Good morning, Gary. I think the way to think about the free cash flow, I think, 2018 was a very strong free cash flow year for us as illustrated by the metrics and made really good progress over the course of the year, first, catching up on some of the challenges that we exited 2017 with, and then just having a very strong collection year. And we have fueled the bulk of that the great free cash flow year in 2018 was the accelerated growth and the accelerating growth rate of our GTS business, which again represents little more than 80% of that total CV base. As we pivot into 2019, we still expect very strong conversion and working capital benefit from that great growth rate that were getting from GTS. I think your hypothesis is correct in that. As we accelerate the growth of the GBS business, we get to take more advantage of working capital benefits that are just structurally inherent to a subscription business, where were billing all upfront and then delivering and recognizing the revenue over the balance of the contract. So as we get towards that double-digit growth rate by the end of 2019, thats what were targeting, we should see the working capital benefit improve and the conversion metrics will look better as a virtue of that as well.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Toni Kaplan: Did the macro environment this quarter play any part of role in sort of the GBS slowdown or customers maybe more reluctant to their subscriptions, just given some of the volatility, perhaps caution? Thanks.
Craig Safian: Yes. So the answer is no. If you look at our business, Q4 is very strong. If you look at GTS, we had great growth there. If you look at Conferences, we had great growth there. If you look at the backlog and Consulting -- primarily our bookings, it was up 12%, which is very strong for us. And so that the whole story of GBS is actually pretty simple, which is the ramp-up in the GXL products wasnt yet to the point where it made up for the decline in the legacy products. That will turn around in 2019. And thats what was going on in GBS.
Toni Kaplan: And then, your guidance for 2019 at the midpoint in place, little over 30 basis points of adjusted EBITDA margin contraction. I guess, as the sales people and GBS ramp-up. That makes sense. This could be more of an investment year and youre not quite productivity -- peak productivity levels. How should we think about it afterwards like -- I know, historically -- youve said you wanted to keep margins pretty constant? At some point, could we actually see margins start to expand once the GBS sales people are at sort of a higher productivity level? Thank you.
Gene Hall: Good morning, Toni. So the way were thinking about managing business is very consistent with how weve managed in the past. Were obviously focused on accelerating the top-line growth rate in doing so, because Research has such great structural gross margins. We do typically get some gross margin leverage flowing through. As I talked about in my prepared remarks, we had gross margin leverage both in the in the fourth quarter and on a full-year basis in 2018. We'll continue to manage our G&A to grow at a slightly lower rate than revenue growth. And so there's operating leverage there as well. And we'll continue to invest in sales. And I think, in 2018 and 2019, we have invested across the board. I mentioned investments in GTS. I mentioned investments in our conference sales. And I talked about the kind of returns that we're getting in '18 and beyond or expect to get beyond from those prior investments. With GBS, we are investing -- we invested in '17 and 2018, we're continuing that investment in 2019 with the goal of getting double-digit CV growth by the end of '19, and then that accelerating from there. So double-digit is not the end game for us. It's just a stopping point on our way to see even faster growth. As that happens, there is some leverage that we will get on that GBS selling line. But again, the way that we think about managing business going forward is a little bit of gross margin leverage, a little bit of G&A leverage. And we'll continue to make sure that we're investing appropriately in sales to fuel sustained double-digit growth rate to the top-line.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
George Tong: Given your progress with your GXL initiative and phase out of legacy products for GBS, can you discuss how you expect GBS contract value growth to evolve over the next several quarters specifically? Should we expect to relatively steady ramp towards your targets? Or do you see factors that could cause lumpiness in growth over the course of the year?
Craig Safian: George, good morning's, it's Craig. The way to think about it is a little bit related to the timing of the phase-out of the legacy products, new business sales. And so as Gene discussed, we still have that legacy new business sales happening, full on in Q1, slowly starting to diminish a little bit in Q2, and then where there was the relevant GXL products phasing out in Q3 and Q4. And the GXL new business sales continue to ramp. And so the way we kind of think about it is -- we really start to see the benefits of the GXL ramp in Q3 and Q4. We're not providing specific guidance around the CV growth on a quarterly basis. We're playing the long game here. We continue to play the long game on that one. But the way to think about it really is just related to the timing of the phase-out from 2018.
George Tong: And switching gears to the GTS business. Can you discuss how spending intentions are changing among your existing clients there? And how you expect changes in overall IT spending to potentially alter IT research budgets?
Craig Safian: Yes. So, as you know, we're a global company. We're in the 100 countries around the world. And things vary dramatically depending on which country you're in. And even within the countries specific industries or specific companies can be either doing well or in distress. And so, I guess, it's a sort of at a total macro level globally. I don't see any giant change like just keep slow down or even like that. If you look at individual markets or individual industries of those companies, you see puts and takes. But sort of in a global macro  we dont see a big change there in terms of what were seeing.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Q  Bill Warmington : So, I have a question on the GBS contract side of growth. I was just hoping -- you could help me bridge the 1.1% CV growth in the fourth quarter to the 8% -- no improvement productivity, no attrition improvement in the upper left quadrant on the chart -- on Page 12.
Craig Safian: Good morning, Bill. Its Craig. Yes, happy to do that. So -- just so, were 100% clear. When we look on Page 12, the new business productivity is an expression of new business dollars for a salesperson. So its not the overall dollar amount of new business, its the new business we expect for salesperson. And again, using the same methodology we use for productivity, we base it on the beginning of period headcount. And so, as we talked about during my prepared remarks, the new business productivity we achieved in 2018 for sales person was a little more than $260,000 for an individual. We entered 2019 with 23% more people on Jan 1, 2019 compared to Jan 1, 2018. If you extrapolate the number of people times of new business per person that gets you a gross new business number. And if you then apply the attrition, again, we talked about having roughly based on the weighted average of our GXL and non-GXL products having attrition of around -- CV attrition of around 27%. If that is flat, we will use 27% of our roughly $600 million base, you then apply that new business number. And that gives you the calculated NCVI. The NCVI in the numerator, getting CV balance from the denominator, that gets us to the 8%. 
Q  Bill Warmington: Okay. One -- my follow-up question, I wanted to ask about your thoughts on the continuing pace of hiring at GBS, and what kind of assumptions are built into the 2019 guidance for that in terms of gross ads and turnover assumptions at the headcount level?
Craig Safian: Bill, the way were thinking about GBS is we grew the sales force net 16% in 2017, 23% in 2018. Were targeting 14% to 16% headcount growth in 2019. Our turnover assumptions -- and we actually just went through pretty detailed review of this. GBS turnover and GTS turnover are about the same. Were expecting that to continue into 2019. And again, were expecting net growth of 14% to 16%. I would say that we are over weighting the growth in areas that already have strong productivity. And again as Gene mentioned, thats the way we typically manage it in our GTS business as well. And so, we didnt set out with  hey, we need to grow X percent. We actually analyze the business at a detailed level, figured out where we could easily and productively and profitably absorb the headcount growth. And we went and built the growth plan that way. So that's the way we're thinking about GBS headcount growth in 2019.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeff Silber: Just a follow-up on that question. If I do the math correctly, I look at your net sales force growth, it looks like you added about 550 people net in 2018. You're targeting about 460 or so for '19. That's a 1,000 people over a 2-year period. Are you having difficulty finding people? Are you having to pay these entry sales people more just to attract them?
Gene Hall: So the short answer is no, we aren't having to pay them more than kind of the normal wage inflation in each market. Basically the -- Gartner is a very attractive place to work. And so whenever our recruiters go out, we have a great brand and were going to be a great brand. And on top of it, we have a really, really strong recruiting team. So between the combination of our great brand and our great recruiting teams, we've actually, in fact, exceeded our expectations. As I mentioned last year, we have fewer open territories than we had originally thought, because recruiting has been so strong because of the hold brand and recruiting capabilities. 
Craig Safian: The other thing just to reinforce Jeff there is, when we're recruiting and those gross numbers you're talking about from a hiring perspective, you're talking, specifically GBS. But we're recruiting around -- the world, we're recruiting experienced sales people, we're recruiting people right out of the university et cetera. So it's a very diverse recruiting pool that we're going after. It's not like we're reliant on any one city geography country wise. And so that minimizes the risk as well. And again, I double reinforce the comment Gene made about, the attractiveness of the Gartner brand as an employer, particularly for sales people and the strength of our recruiting organization.
Jeff Silber: And my follow up question, I wanted to focus on the GXL product. You mentioned when comparing to the legacy product that retention is higher for your GXL products. Can you talk about -- is there any difference in pricing or margins between those two product lines?
Craig Safian: So the way we thought about the GXL pricing, we're very big fans of simplicity and consistency. And so the GXL products are priced very consistently to their sister products on the GTX side. And those products are set up to deliver very good consistent gross margin for us. We price the value when we price to make sure that we're getting appropriate gross margins. I think the real beauty of GXL when we think about it from a growth opportunity perspective, number one is it's just a better constructive product, it serves the needs of the individual directly, but it also allows us to further penetrate organizations once we get in there. And so what youve seen us do on the GTX side, we've actually done on the supply chain and marketing side as well is, we'll get in with one to one seats in an organization, and then, over time, we will grow that footprint with our product portfolio. And GXL allows us to do that in those enterprises, whereas the legacy leadership council did not.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Peter Appert: Craig, just following upon the margin issue, to the extent, you've got slower sales force growth in 19, youre anticipating better contract volume performance. It seems like there's -- a bit of a disconnect in terms of an expectation of lower margins. So what am I missing here?
Craig Safian: You know the  obviously, all of the CV growth we deliver over the course of 2019, the corresponding revenue lags. And so -- as we build the CV and then CGI, over the course of 2019, the bulk of that revenue upside flows into 2020. And so there's one thing we're sure of which is we're going to pay the sales people and that expense is us as long as they're onboard or is with us as long as they're onboard. And that's what's dragging down the margin. So if you think about we're still -- we're growing GBS 14% to 16% coming off of a year, where we grew the sales force 23%, we're only going to build the double digit CV growth by the end of 2019. That will convert into corresponding double-digit revenue growth, but not until 2020, which will meet the margin impact. So it's really an investment in 2019 with the payback in 2020 and beyond.
Peter Appert: And then just as the follow-up, and I guess this is sort of expanding on with Toni asked earlier, would your expectation Craig then be going forward that we should think about margins in the context of the base rate we're going to see in 19 as sort of the steady state level going forward?
Craig Safian: Yes, its a good question, Peter. And we're not providing a margin outlook or margin guidance beyond 2019 at this point. Well definitely talk about it in upcoming investor interactions like our Investor Day. But as Toni articulated in her question and as I think, we attempted to articulate in our response. As we improve the growth rate of GBS, all things equal, that will help margin. And -- but again, as we think about the future, the way were managing our business is, accelerate the top line, a little bit of gross margin leverage, a little bit of G&A leverage and again were going to continue to invest in sales, so that we can sustain the strong double-digit growth rates into the future.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Mario Cortellacci: Hi, this is Mario Cortellacci, filling in for Hamza. Just wondering if you can give us a sense of how you expect organic growth to perform in a slowdown given that CEB is now in the portfolio and GBS? Or maybe even asked in a different way is, I guess, do you view that business is being more discretionary than the GTS segment?
Gene Hall: So we dont view that business is being more discretionary than the GTS segment. Basically, our products are very affordable and they provide very high value. And we have, at any given point in time, and this is true whether its an IT or its HR, finance, we have clients that are their companies are doing really well and the companies are doing very poorly. And we do well in both environments because when people doing well, well help them with like growth-oriented issues, when people doing poorly, we help them cost control-oriented issues. And so we can do well in both of environments. We shown them GTS, we remain in the same exact place in GTS.
Mario Cortellacci: And -- I know, youve -- there are already questions about productivity metrics. I want to see if you can give us a sense of those metrics from a regional perspective. And I know you guys are growing those territory growth 11% GTS, 20% GBS. I guess, I just want to see if there is any variation from region to region? And also whats your timeframe for GBS's sales productivity to get closer to GTS?
Craig Safian: Good morning. It's Craig. The  so I'll take the second question first. So as we think about the corresponding productivity measures, obviously, in GTS, we've been focused on improving the GTS sales productivity. And we've been consistently doing that. And book by no means or we done there. We're focused on continuing to drive improvements to overall sales productivity. If you extrapolate the 2019 view that we talked about and that path to double digit and back into what is that mean from a productivity perspective, roughly speaking, I think on average the productivity would be around $75,000 of NCVI per accounting executive, and the team here second to Matt, just to make sure I'm right, to get close to double-digit growth. And again there were still be pretty sizable gap then between that 75 or close to 80K, and the 118K of productivity that we're delivering on the GTS side. We're going to be focused on continuing to improve the GBS productivity overtime. And we're going to remain focused on improving GTS productivity overtime. Over the long term, there is no reason why they can't be around the same levels. And obviously, if we're doing that and improving both GTS and GBS, our overall contract value growth will continue to accelerate. In terms of the regional differences, I think, we manage a pretty diverse sales force that calls on the largest companies in the world, down to relatively small enterprises that have around $100 million in revenue or in that neighborhood. And the people that we're recruiting to sell to those different types of organization, obviously, have very different background. So some of them, as I mentioned, are right out of university, some of them come to us with 5 to 15 years of experience, for the largest company, they might have 20 plus years of industry experience. And so the differentiation is probably more important and pronounced there than it is regionally. And we've got sort of that structure set up around the world, again, making sure that we're maximizing the opportunity for the type of account that we're calling on. We do look at productivity regionally. We do look at it by tenure. We do look at it by type of channel that were  or type of company that we're selling to. We look at it as compared to cost. We look at it all sorts of productivity metrics. The key for us is regardless of what level we're looking at, are we driving improvements for those productivity measures consistently overtime.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Joseph Foresi: So -- I was wondering how exactly are the GXL products different than CEB? I know you talked about the pricing model around them, but the products themselves. And do customers have to cancel legacy CEB in order to get on GXL?
Gene Hall: Hey, it's Gene. So the GXL product have substantially more content in them than the legacy products did. They have more content of both -- any specific function like HR. And on top of it we've taken whatever technology content is relevant and put that in the products as well. So there is -- first thing is there is a lot more content in the GXL product than the legacy product. The second piece is that the actual -- what's included in terms of things like Events and things like that, you can go to analyst inquiries and stuff, also is a higher value package than what you get. So it's basically a combination of the content itself is better. There's a lot more content. And secondly, the other things that are part of the products are also a lot higher. And that's why you see the retention rates being a lot higher with the GXL products. 
Joseph Foresi: And then, I guess my second question. Why hope to the double digit growth? I think that was given kind of that closure of the acquisition. But a lot has changed since then, like you pulled forward investments, you ramped the sales force, you divested things. And now, it sounds like you're going after the products. I'm just curious. I understand the math pushes you kind of in that direction, but with all the changes post closure, why hold to that target? Why not just lower the target and give yourself more of an opportunity to outperform it?
Gene Hall: So we've been focused on the operational changes to take advantage of this enormous market opportunity we have in GBS. And so weve started from the -- how do we actually get like, for example, the transition from the lower value legacy products to very high value GSL products. And because they're higher value, we want to get there as quickly as we could. We've introduced them now for the all the major roles, markets, HR, finance, legal, sales, and well introduce others going forward. And so the double-digit is more of an outcome as opposed to a specific objective. So we sort of said, based on what we know about how people are going to ramp-up and follow-up legacy products, the strategy we've taken. This is kind of the outcome we expect as opposed to the other way around. And by the way, as Craig said, and as we both said several times, getting to -- our exploration is higher than just Ive -- struggling across the finish line to double-digit. We want to be well in the double-digit range, not just 10.0%.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Gene Hall, for closing remarks.
Gene Hall: So in summary, 2018 was a strong year. We continue to have world-class operational execution innovation, while making progress on our core strategy of establishing leading market positions in every role across the enterprise. We made investments across the business to support sustained double-digit growth and leading indicators are strong. For GBS, we entered 2019 with a 23% larger sales force or more experienced and further learning productivity curve. We have a higher mix of GXL products, which have great retention and while the full year of our tested retention programs. That's our path to double-digit GPS growth. We assisted our clients around the world with their mission critical priorities, provided great jobs for associates and delivered another year of market-beating returns for our shareholders. Thanks for joining us today and I look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. And you all may disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-01 08:00:00) =====
Executives: David Cohen - Gartner, Inc. Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc. Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.
Analysts: Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. Gary Bisbee - Bank of America Merrill Lynch William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC George Tong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Gartner Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask question. Please note this event is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to David Cohen, Gartner's GVP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
David Cohen - Gartner, Inc.: Thank you, Denise, and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for Gartner's third quarter 2018 earnings call. With me today are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Chief Financial Officer. This call include a discussion of third quarter 2018 financial results and our current outlook for 2018 as disclosed in today's press release. In addition to today's press release, we have provided an expanded supplemental document for investors and analysts, in which we provide a detailed review of our financials and business metrics. And the supplemental document included a full non-GAAP P&L, excluding all the divested operations. This table combines Heritage Gartner and Heritage CEB, and removes the operating results of the divestitures starting January 1, 2017. For 2018, the table provides results as if we had used the net proceeds from the divestitures to repay debt on December 31, 2017. This gives you a view down to adjusted EPS for 2018 that reflects how we are thinking about the business as we plan for 2019. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX neutral, unless stated otherwise We've posted the press release and supplemental PDF to our website, investor.gartner.com. Following comments by Gene and Craig, we will open up the call for questions. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to revenue and contribution margin are for adjusted revenue excluding divested operations and adjusted contribution margin excluding divested operations which exclude the deferred revenue purchase accounting adjustments and the recently divested businesses. All references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA excluding divested operations with the adjustments as described in our earnings release and excluding the divested operations. All cash flow numbers unless stated otherwise are as reported with no adjustments related to the divested operations. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2018 foreign exchange rates. In the earnings supplemental, the abbreviation ex D.O. indicates that the metric excludes divested operations. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2017 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in those documents. Now, I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Good morning and welcome to our quarterly earnings call. Thanks for joining us. We drove another strong quarter of double-digit growth in Q3 with total revenues up 13% and EBITDA up 17%. We continue to see strength within each of our three businesses; Research, Consulting and Events. Research revenue was up 12% year-over-year. Consulting revenue was up 10% year-over-year with backlog up 18% on a reported basis. On a same-event basis, Events revenue was up 21% and the number of attendees was up 17% year-over-year. We continue to apply the Gartner Formula for growth to both Global Technology Sales and to Global Business Sales. Global Technology Sales was up 14% and again delivered double-digit growth in every region across every size company and in virtually every industry. We continue to pursue the enormous growth opportunity with our GTS clients and prospects. We also have an enormous growth opportunity by applying the Gartner Formula to GBS. Applying the Gartner Formula has required an unusually large amount of change for GBS during 2017 and 2018. We restructured the organization. We eliminated discounting and reconfigured contract terms and conditions. We introduced seat-based offerings and made many more changes. These changes put in place the foundation for sustained double-digit growth in the future. Change of this magnitude puts everyone affected on a new learning curve and this impacted short-term productivity, as we expected. Looking to the future with much of the foundation in place, we expect our teams will advance on the learning curve, resulting in sustained double-digit growth. First, our GBS leadership team and salespeople understand and are fully bought in to the Gartner Formula. They have the will. They're determined to succeed and they're incredibly excited about the opportunity ahead. With this determination and excitement, their skills in executing the Gartner Formula are getting better every day. Clients appreciate the strong value proposition in our new seat-based products. As a result, over the past three quarters, the proportion of our salespeople who sold their first seat-based deal has grown rapidly. And once they've sold their first deal, salespeople quickly accelerate in selling their second, third and more. As you might expect, the proportion of a seat-based contract value has also rapidly grown. Our business development salespeople in GBS have already achieved similar levels of productivity to their colleagues in GTS. Our account executives are also accelerating their sales of seat-based products. Account executives also have renewals to process. So, their seat-based sales are accelerating at a slower rate than the business development salespeople. One of the key elements in the Gartner Formula is advanced analytics-based selling tools. These tools are critical element of the strong performance in GTS. We've recently implemented these tools for GTS and GBS will benefit in the same way. Retention is critical in our business and we're world class. Throughout 2018, we've added GBS service teams for the Gartner Formula. We're already seeing benefits in the places we've deployed these teams. As we scale other areas of GBS, we expect this will drive further improvements on retention. Focus is another core element of the Gartner Formula. So we've divested businesses that weren't central to our strategy. And finally, we know from our track record extending more than a decade that if we have more salespeople, we will sell more. We'll close 2018 with a substantially more capacity and will add even more during 2019 So in GBS, with much of the foundation in place, we expect the learning curve to accelerate, resulting in sustained double-digit growth. In closing, we have strengthened all three of our business segments. I recently experienced the power of Gartner in helping clients achieve their mission-critical priorities when I attended our Symposium Conference in Orlando. This event is the most important gathering of CIOs and senior IT executives in North America. The executives were inspired and empowered to succeed as a result of the insights we delivered at this important event. Our associates were equally inspired and excited about the incredible value we deliver to our clients. I encourage all of you to attend at least one of these events to experience the power of Gartner for yourself. We have an incredibly large market opportunity. We know the right things to do to drive success in our business by applying the Gartner Formula and we're on track to achieve sustained double-digit growth in revenues, earnings, and cash flows for years to come. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Craig Safian, our Chief Financial Officer.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. Demand for our services remains robust around the world and in the third quarter, we delivered excellent financial results across our three primary operating segments. As our fourth quarter 2018 outlook demonstrates, we expect to deliver another year of double-digit revenue and EBITDA growth with strong cash flow generation. Before reviewing our Q3 performance, I wanted to provide you with an update related to our planned 2018 divestiture activity. Once assessing which assets were non-core to our business, we set in motion a process to divest those businesses. In Q2, we sold CEB Talent Assessment for about $400 million and CEB Workforce Surveys for about $28 million. We sold Challenger Sales Training for about $120 million in Q3 and we closed on Metrics That Matter yesterday for about $15 million. Divesting these non-core businesses allows us to increase our focus on the core as well as utilizing the proceeds to rapidly delever our balance sheet. On our website, we've provided a full normalized, non-GAAP P&L, which excludes divested operations to give you a clean look for 2018 by quarter down to adjusted EPS. This P&L reflects how we are thinking about the business as we plan for 2019. Third quarter revenue was $910 million, up 11% and up 13% on an FX-neutral basis. The purchase accounting adjustment for deferred revenue was down to about $250,000 for the quarter. We also delivered contribution margins of 64%, up about 100 basis points from the prior year, EBITDA of $149 million, up 15% year-over-year and 17% FX-neutral, and adjusted EPS excluding divested operations of $0.83 per share. The divested operations amount we excluded was about $0.02 per share in the quarter. Free cash flow in the quarter was $251 million. Research had another excellent quarter with significant year-over-year growth in revenue. Contribution margin also improved. Research revenue grew 11% in the third quarter and 12% on an FX-neutral basis. The contribution margin for Research was 69%. Total contract value was $3.0 billion at September 30, growth of 12% versus the prior year. We always report contract value growth in FX-neutral terms. I'll now review the details of our performance for both GTS and GBS. In the third quarter, GTS contract value increased 14% versus the prior year. GTS now has contract value of $2.4 billion. Client retention for GTS remained strong at 83%. Wallet retention for GTS was 105% for the quarter, up 120 basis points year-over-year and the highest level we've reported since measuring GTS. GTS wallet retention rates reflect the combination of greater spending and greater retention rates with our higher spending and larger clients. GTS growth of new business was 8% versus the third quarter of last year. We had a number of new business deals slip out of the third quarter that have since closed in October and the pipeline for Q4 remains very strong. We continue to see a mix of new business across new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. We ended the third quarter with 12,477 GTS clients, up 6% compared to Q3 2017. The average contract value per enterprise also continues to grow. It now stands at $192,000 per enterprise in GTS, up 8% year-over-year. This continued and consistent increase in average spend reflects our ability to drive CV growth both through new and existing enterprises. Our investments to improve sales force productivity continued to pay off with an increase again this quarter. For GTS, the year-over-year net contract value increase, or NCVI, divided by the beginning period quota-bearing head count, was $112,000 per salesperson, up 11% versus the third quarter of last year. This is the fourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year productivity improvement. Turning to Global Business Sales. As of September 30, GBS had contract value of $615 million, representing year-over-year growth of 4%. Note that some of the historical GBS numbers have changed to reflect the divestitures of the Challenger Sales Training and Metrics That Matter businesses. We continue to make progress with GBS retention metrics. GBS client retention was 83%, up more than 375 basis points from the prior year and an all-time high for GBS. GBS wallet retention was 97%, up more than 100 basis points versus the prior year and up about 40 basis points sequentially. New business declined by 6% in the quarter versus the prior year as the growing sales of seat-based products wasn't yet enough to offset the lower sales of legacy products. We ended the third quarter with 5,675 GBS clients, up 2% versus the prior-year period. For GBS, productivity was relatively stable compared with both second quarter of 2018 and third quarter of 2017. The year-over-year net contract value increase or NCVI divided by the beginning period quota-bearing head count was $38,000, down a few thousand dollars compared to both the third quarter of last year and the second quarter of this year. The productivity reflects the operational shifts we have the sales team making to the new Gartner seat-based products. Our data and analytics show that as our sellers gain more experience with the new products, their productivity improves. The average contract value per enterprise at GBS increased about 2% to $108,000. This increase reflects our ability to drive CV growth both through new and existing enterprises at GBS as well as GTS. Since the third quarter of last year, we have made a number of changes and operational improvements to the GBS business to follow the Gartner growth formula that we detailed at Investor Day. All of these changes and the improvements Gene highlighted earlier provide the foundation for sustained long-term double-digit growth. Our Research business performance in Q3 was very strong. GTS was outstanding with increases in wallet retention and sales productivity. For GBS, the early indications reinforce our outlook for double-digit contract value growth next year and 12-plus percent growth in 2020. In Events, revenues increased by 27% year-on-year in Q3 to $57 million. FX-neutral growth was 30%. Events third quarter gross contribution margin was 44%. Gross contribution increased 55% from last year's quarter. We had 17 destination events in Q3 consistent with last year. On a same-event, FX-neutral basis, revenues were up 21% with a 17% increase in same-event attendees. Third quarter Consulting revenues increased by 9% to $79 million. FX-neutral growth was about 10%. Labor-based revenues were $70 million. In the labor-based business, revenues increased 8% versus Q3 of last year or 9% on an FX-neutral basis. On the labor-based side, billable head count of 727 was up 7% and we had 135 managing partners at the end of Q3, about flat versus the prior year. Backlog, which measures labor-based projects under contract where there is more work to be done, is the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our Consulting business. Backlog ended the quarter at $108 million, up 18% year-over-year. Our bookings performance remained strong and our Q4 pipeline is encouraging. The contract optimization business was up 19% versus the prior year quarter, helped by an easier compare. Overall, Consulting gross contribution margin was 23% in the third quarter. With the divestitures we discussed earlier, there is essentially no revenue left in the Other segment. Going forward, we will be reporting our business in three segments; Research, Consulting and Events. The small amount left in Other will be consolidated into the Research segment. On a GAAP basis, SG&A increased by 6% year-over-year in the third quarter and 8% on an FX-neutral basis. Adjusting for the divestitures and other non-recurring items, SG&A increased 13% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis. We continue to grow sales capacity and the enabling infrastructure to support our strategy of delivering sustained, double-digit growth over the long term. The enabling infrastructure includes investments in human resources functions, like recruiting and real estate to support the increased number of associates around the world. Our sales force continues to be our largest investment and at the end of the third quarter, we had 3,720 quota-bearing associates in Research. This includes 2,955 in GTS and 765 in GBS, or a growth of 13% and 20%, respectively. EBITDA for the third quarter was $149 million, up 15%. FX-neutral growth in EBITDA was 17%. Depreciation and amortization were about flat with last year, while integration expenses were down year-over-year as we have moved past the biggest part of the integration work. Interest expense in the quarter was $27 million, down from $39 million in the third quarter of 2017. The lower interest expense relates to paying down debt over the past year. Our adjusted tax rate, which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income, was 20% for the quarter. The rate for the quarter was lower than anticipated due in large part to the expiration of certain statutes of limitation and excess tax benefits attributable to stock-based compensation. Adjusted EPS, including the divested operations in Q3, was $0.85 with upside relative to our expectations driven by strong operating performance, which includes some costs that slipped into the fourth quarter as well as benefits from a number of below-the-line items. Excluding the divested operations, adjusted EPS in Q3 was $0.83 per share. In Q3, operating cash flow was $249 million compared to $150 million last year. The increase in operating cash flow was driven by strong operating results, lower interest expense and improvements and catch-up in working capital. Q3 2018 CapEx was $25 million and Q3 cash acquisition and integration payments and other nonrecurring items were approximately $26 million. We had some planned Q3 CapEx slipped into the fourth quarter. This yields Q3 free cash flow of $251 million, which is up more than 70% versus the prior year quarter. On a rolling four-quarter basis, our free cash flow conversion was 137% of adjusted net income, including divested operations. While free cash flow conversion on a trailing 12-month basis is very strong, we expect a modest Q4 for free cash flow, which will temporarily reduce that measure again. The GBS business has the same working capital characteristics as our GTS business. And as we see acceleration in GBS contract value, we would expect to see a corresponding improvement in our free cash flow conversion metrics. During the third quarter of 2018, we repaid $262 million of debt, leaving our September 30 debt balance at about $2.2 billion. That's down more than $1.4 billion since the acquisition. As of the end of Q3, all of our debt is fixed rate. Our gross leverage on a reported basis is about 3 times. Adjusting EBITDA for the divestitures, our gross leverage ratio is now about 3.3 times EBITDA. And with strong EBITDA in the fourth quarter, we are in range of our leverage target. Our capital allocation strategy remains the same. We deploy our free cash flow and balance sheet flexibility on strategic value-enhancing M&A and returning capital to our shareholders through our buyback programs. During the month of October, we took advantage of the lower stock price to repurchase over $60 million worth of our stock. Turning to the outlook for 2018. With our planned divestitures completed, we have provided you with a set of non-GAAP financials we use to evaluate the business on the basis we will have going forward. In the supplemental document available on our website, we provide a walk from the original guidance we provided in February to the guidance we're giving now. With all the moving parts related to divestitures, we are providing guidance for the fourth quarter rather than for the full year. Our operating expectations for the full year are tracking to what we first outlined in February. Our adjusted EPS outlook is stronger now as below-the-line upside from depreciation, equity compensation and tax flows through. With the strengthening of the U.S. dollar that we saw over the course of the third quarter, we expect to see our top-line reported results impacted again in the fourth quarter by FX. As you update your models for Q4, please keep in mind that our original estimates for reported revenues, reported expenses, and reported EBITDA will be impacted by about 1% due to the stronger U.S. dollar. This is baked into our Q4 guidance figures. The highlights of our fourth quarter guidance are as follows. For Q4 2018, we expect adjusted revenues of approximately $1.070 billion to $1.115 billion. We expect adjusted EBITDA of $211 million to $231 million. Amortization will see a noticeable step down from about $51 million in Q3 to about $35 million in Q4. We expect an adjusted tax rate of around 29% for the fourth quarter implying a full year tax rate of about 25%. Please note that if you are adding back from GAAP net income, the rate for the tax effect on the add-backs in the fourth quarter is about 21%. We expect fourth quarter 2018 adjusted EPS, excluding divested operations, of between $1.18 and $1.34 per share. For the full year, without adjusting for the divestitures, we expect free cash flow of $440 million to $460 million. At the midpoint, the conversion from the comparable basis adjusted net income is almost 130%. Consistent with typical seasonality and some capital expenditures that slipped into the fourth quarter, we expect free cash flow in the fourth quarter to be slightly negative. All of the details of our guidance are included on our Investor Relations site. Our strong 2018 financial and operating performance across all of our operating segments continued in the third quarter. Notably, we sustained strong GTS contract value growth of 14% for the quarter and sales of our new seat-based products in GBS continue to scale. Free cash flow improved significantly in the quarter. We have divested all of the identified non-core assets and used those proceeds to rapidly delever. We've reduced our debt balance by more than $1.4 billion since the acquisition in 2017. The trends going into the fourth quarter are strong and our teams are executing the 2018 plan. As we shared with you at Investor Day, we are applying the Gartner growth formula across the combined business to drive sustained, long-term, double-digit growth to revenue, earnings, and free cash flow. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Safian. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Your first question will be from Timothy McHugh of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Thank you. I guess, just wanted to follow-up on the GBS productivity kind of discussion. And I guess one comment, which you made, I think, it was that the business development staff was at the same productivity as GTS, but the account executives aren't. So, can you help us understand, I guess, how much of the business activity comes from each of those? And I guess, if one is already at the productivity level of GTS, the implication of account executives are, I guess, severely lower than the comparable role at GTS. So, can you talk at all about that? Thanks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Hey, Tim. It's Gene. I'll get started and then Craig can follow-up. So, basically, we have two kinds of salespeople. Business developers that have a set of prospects that aren't buying anything from us today and so that's one kind of a selling cycle. And then we have different kind of salespeople, which we call account executives, who actually have existing clients, and their job is to renew those existing clients and to sell additional business to those existing clients. And as you mentioned, one of the things that we've been very  that has gone very well is that the sales productivity of our business developers at this point is roughly comparable to the sales productivity of business developers both between GTS and GBS. On the account executives side, what's going on is two things. The salespeople, first of all  so, let me go to BDs. Business developers, all they have to do is to sell new clients with this new product. They don't have to renew all of those. And so, the learning curve they have is a lot simpler if you're just selling the new product than if you have to sell  have to renew the old one and also maybe have clients that say (28:51) I have the old product, can I extend it or whatever versus selling to all new clients. So, what's really going on is the business developers have a much faster learning curve and they've gone up that learning curve nicely because it's a much simpler selling task. On the account executives, first, they have a more complicated learning curve, as I mentioned, because they have to go through all the renewals. In addition, the amount of renewals that they have to do is quite high relative to the GTS account executives. We are changing that over time. So, over time, we're reducing the amount of renewals that each of the account executives has to do. Over the short term, they have substantially more renewals than the GTS account executives. That limits  so their time available to sell the new products is limited because of that relative to a GTS account executive. And so, as a result, their learning curve on selling the new products is slower. They're actually doing quite well. So if you look at it  in each quarter, the proportion of account executives that have sold at least one sale that's in the new seat-based products has been growing sequentially quarter-over-quarter, and it's now a substantial part of our total sales force. In addition, if you look at those that sold one three quarters ago, now they're selling  they have continued selling and that pace has accelerated. The same for those who've sold two, they accelerate again, but at a slower acceleration to business developers for the reason I just talked about. And so, they've a slower learning curve, but they're climbing up that learning curve quite nicely, given the additional workload they have from all the renewals they have to do.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And then Tim, the other thing just worth mentioning, to add on to Gene's point, is around the legacy leadership councils and the account executives largely having that in their territory to renew and/or migrate. And then all the business that the business developers are selling, which is seat-based, will then be covered by account executives going forward. But inherently, those account executive territories will have more opportunity because we haven't sold a enterprise license leadership council. We'll actually have seat-based products in there, which will allow us to further penetrate the organization, the buying center, the function in the same way that we do on the GTS side.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then I guess, just more broadly, I think one of the biggest questions people have is just trying to, I guess, share probably the confidence you express on GBS' growth rate improving. So, is this the metric that you focus the most on, that kind of account executive productivity? I guess, what are you seeing besides this maybe that you would point to that, I guess, reinforces the confidence that it will get better from here?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah, Tim. It's the set of things. So, it's not a single metric. Actually, there's a set of things that I talked through in my prepared remarks. And what it is really are, we know from our experience in GTS, the foundational elements that lead to sustained double-digit growth. And so, we've been putting those foundational elements in place. And the things I talked about in my opening remarks that we know will pay off over time. So, first, I'll give you some examples. So, we switch products to a seat-based product and we know a seat-based product, as Craig said, gives you both higher retention rates and also gives you more growth opportunities to it. Now, one of the questions then is when you use seat-based products, do HR professionals or finance professionals get as much value as the IT professionals? And so, one of the things we're seeing actually is, yes, they get just as much value. So, we've been very successful in  we've introduced those new products and the uptake has been very good. And as I mentioned, the uptake accelerates. So, what you've got is some legacy products in the pipeline that already have been  proposals have been put into clients. So, we let those follow through. Those have been falling off. What's been rising is sales of the seat-based products and it's been rising at a good rate. The net kind of looks like zero, but under the covers, you see this really rapid rise of the new seat-based products. And we talk to clients  we do see them selling well and we talk to clients about them. They really understand that there's a lot better value. And just as a recap, the reason there's better value is that, first of all, you get the traditional research, like an HR that we had from CEB, but you also then get all the technology stuff that's related to HR, things like how to  selecting products like Workday and how to implement things like that, that HR leaders care about and the same thing is true for finance and legal and all the other functions. And then also just there's inherently more value in the seat-based product. And then, we look at things like, as I mentioned before, the first  if you've been selling enterprise agreements, the hardest sale you have to make on a seat-based product is that first sale. And the proportion of our salespeople in both account executive and business developers that have made that first sale has been rising every quarter and now is a substantial portion of our sales force. That's another, what I'd say, foundational element that gives us confidence we're on a really good track there. And then beyond that, the ones who've sold one, then rapidly then sell two or three or four right in sequence. And so, as we would expect, the first one is the hardest. Once they sell the first one, they understand how to explain the value proposition to clients, how to address objections that client might have for both the seat-based products, the fact we don't discount. Once they get that first sale with those terms and that kind of product, they get confidence, they get their talk tracks down and their learning curve accelerates. And so, as we look at it, clients love the products. The products are being taken up well. The proportion of salespeople that have made their first sale has been growing rapidly. And those that made first sale early on have continued with further  accelerated the number of sales they can make  the amount of time it takes to make a sale has improved. In addition to that and I mentioned this, we have  so all the new seat-based products have the Gartner traditional services support, which has driven great retention. Our legacy leadership councils didn't have those kinds of support. We implemented that on some of the leadership councils and found that retention went up substantially. We've continued now to add more of that service support to that whole product line. Those people just came onboard, but we'd expect to see the same kind of retention improvements that we did in our first pilot groups that we did at the end of last year as we would with these new ones that we've done throughout this year. That'll impact really 2019. So, those are some  and I guess one other thing I'll mention that's really important, which is any time you have a change program, the single most important thing is whether the people that are changing are bought in or not. And our GBS leadership team, and down to the individual salesperson level, are totally bought in. They understand that it gives much more opportunity by having the seat-based products. It provides more value to clients. If you're not dealing discount, you're going to be focused on talking about value which is sort of all of our strategy. They actually understand it and bought in. And I spent a lot of time with that team. They understand it, they're bought in and they're excited about it. And so, there are others I could go through. I went through a couple others in my talk track. But those are the kinds of things that give us confidence that we're on a really good trajectory.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will be from Jeff Meuler of Baird. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes. Thank you. You referenced some of the factors, but I'd hope if we can maybe put some numbers around it. Just in terms of the Q3 upside and then the Q4 guidance, just help us understand on the Q4 guidance, like what is the divestiture impact. You talked about some cost slipping into Q4. Are those SG&A or what are they? How much are they? FX is worse, that was a factor. So, just if you can kind of help us bridge the Q3 upside and the Q4 guidance on some of the factors you cited with maybe some rough numbers.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Good morning, Jeff. So, the way to think about the Q3 upside is the bulk of the upside came from below-the-line items, most notably depreciation, equity compensation expense, lower tax rate, and a little bit of benefit from a shares perspective. And obviously, that sticks and there's upside in Q4, which we flow through into the Q4 guidance on EPS. On the EBITDA side, we beat the top end of our guidance by about $0.06 in the quarter. Probably about half of that was spending that we expected to happen in Q3 that got pushed into Q4. And so, as we think about rolling into Q4 and also marking for foreign exchange rates and things of that nature, when you look at the full-year guidance, the Q4 guidance and then apply it to the first three quarters of actuals ex-divested operations, the way to think about it is we tightened the ranges on revenue, midpoint is a little bit higher than the initial guidance. We tightened the range on EBITDA, midpoint is essentially exactly the same as where we started out. And we tightened the range on EPS, but the midpoint moved up about $0.20 per share. All of that baked into the below-the-line benefits we talked about. In terms of the divested operations that come out in Q4, it's around $8 million to $10 million worth of EBITDA that we will not have now that those two businesses are no longer a part of Gartner.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And then, I guess, Tim asked a variation of this question, but just keying in on the  for me, the GBS new business metric being down, I think it was 6%, just help me understand, with all of the head count growth  I think a lot of the head count growth is occurring in the business development staff where you're seeing a good productivity ramp. And on the account executives side, given that they were previously selling enterprise-wide deals, I would have thought that under the CEB model, it was already hard for them to sell a lot of new business. So, I'm just having a hard time reconciling all these factors with a decline in GBS new business sales. Thank you.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. Jeff, I'll start off and then Gene will wrap up on the question. I think a few things to consider. So number one, the decline in new business was actually better than what we saw in Q2. So, we actually saw an acceleration of performance from Q2 to Q3 on the new business side. The other thing worth mentioning, while there were enterprise licenses, the account executives who covered those businesses still did sell a decent amount of new business. The bulk of the new business was sold by business developers, but the account executives did sell some new business, incremental leadership councils or incremental smaller functional areas within the functions that they were selling to. And they're now making the transition to renewing those leadership councils, attempting to migrate those accounts, if they want to, into seat-based products and learning all those new seat-based products. And so, that is taking some time, as we expected, given all the change that we've implemented with that team. The other thing worth mentioning in terms of the incremental capacity and we talked about this last quarter is we have such a high proportion of our sellers who are in their first year. They have less than one year of experience. And as you know, from your experience with Gartner, the productivity in that first year is generally very low or relatively low, and we see it improve over time. And so, again, the way we think about this is we're doing all the right things. We know the formula to apply and we're essentially really laying the foundation for accelerated growth in 2019, 2020 and beyond.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Manav Patnaik of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen. My first question was, I guess, I understand your comment on providing support staff, I guess, for your folk in terms of renewals, because of the time they're spending there. But then, does that then imply that when they're trying to go in for the renewals and, presumably, they're trying to sell your new seat-based offering that the clients are pushing back on subscribing to that? Like, can you just help us understand like maybe how much are switching and how much are choosing not to?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: It's Gene, Manav. So, basically, the philosophy that we've approached with this, if we have a happy client with an existing product and they want to keep renewing forever, we're happy with that. And so, what we do is we go through with our clients and those that are very satisfied with the legacy products and want to keep renewing and we have a little price increase each year, we let them do it and we're happy to do it. For those that have some questions about value, whatever, we go and we show them the new products, which are priced higher, by the way, substantially higher, and we sell them the new products. So, we're actually getting good uptake among the clients that say, I'm not necessarily that happy with the existing product. We're actually getting good uptake and conversion and a substantial portion of our seat-based sales in the account executive channel. And so, it would be the  the other thing about that is that we're not actually going  we are happy if a client keeps renewing. We've great incremental margins with our legacy products. We're very happy for them to keep renewing. It's got a low sales cost, great gross margins and focus on selling the new. As I mentioned, what's going on is, under the covers, the amount of legacy new product sales has been declining because you didn't stop, in a binary sense, because even though we stopped making new proposals, any proposals in the pipeline, we'll let salespeople and clients go ahead and close. In the meantime, they've been switching now to selling the newer products, the seat-based products, and that's been rising rapidly and that has been kind of flat so far, but based on trends, we expect that will change. And also, as Craig said, we've added a lot of capacity, as you know, in the first year. And as Craig said, the first year you hire people, you train them, and then they have to get up the curve. Their selling productivity is the lowest, obviously, in their first year.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Okay. And then maybe just broadly, I mean, I guess, I understand when you go into this detail that, I guess, you guys get to see it kind of anecdotally makes sense what's going on there. But in terms of your commitment to get to double-digit growth next year and 12% in 2020, like what sort of cadence should we expect in terms of how does growth start showing up either quarterly or, I don't know, by midyear? Like how long does it take to get there?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Good morning, Manav. The way we think about it is, obviously, we've laid out the target, and we remain as committed to that target as we've been. And hopefully, you've got a sense for the confidence that Gene expressed in our ability to nail that target by the end of 2019. Our expectation is we will see or should see progress over the course of 2019. We're not going to commit to a certain percentage rate by quarter. The baseline is not a huge number. So, it is sensitive to a little bit upside or a little bit of downside. But we remain 100% committed to being able to hit that double-digit CV growth target by the end of next year.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. So, Manav, we've modeled out what we need to do to get to that target. Like quarter-by-quarter, what sales productivity we need, what renewal rates we need, what rate  what new business productivity we need. And so, it's not a hope and a dream. It's basically we've modeled it out. We know what we have to do. Our sales teams and service teams know what they have to do and we think we'll see the acceleration throughout 2019. And it's not going to be three quarters of zero growth and then all of a sudden it goes to double digit. You'll see the acceleration.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question will be from Gary Bisbee of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Gary Bisbee - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: (46:00) guys. So, what kind of sales head count growth would you expect to need to deliver that double-digit contract value in GBS. I mean, obviously, it's substantially faster today. But with the pace of hiring  do you think you can hit it while slowing the pace of hiring? In other words, would you expect productivity to step up meaningfully next year, or should we think that, while you're continuing to work through this and season the sales staff that it would likely need a continued growth of sales head count well in excess of the contract value that you plan to deliver?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, we believe that GBS has the potential to grow faster than GTS on a sustained basis, because the penetration is still low. And so, we're actually increasing our sales head count not to hit 10%, but to  we're growing our sales head count to far exceed that, and I won't  I'm not saying the exact number, but just a number bigger than we're getting from GTS, which is very good. And so, the first part of the answer to your question is we're growing our GBS sales head count with the anticipation that, actually, we will not just hit the targets that Craig laid out earlier, but we will go beyond those as soon as those people get up to speed. In terms of the specific numbers there...
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, Gary. The way to think about  we're at about 20% year-over-year head count in GBS frontline sellers as of the end of Q3. We'll be in that neighborhood at the end of 2018. And as Gene mentioned, one of the things that we've observed and learned and executed over the last decade or so that when we have more sellers, we actually sell more. And so, we'll be entering 2019 with the largest army we've ever had from a GBS perspective out there. We'll have more people or a higher percentage of people who have more than one year of experience, which will obviously be a help as we roll into 2019 as well. And you can back into or extrapolate the productivity required, based on where you think we're going to enter the year next year in terms of opening sales head count that would achieve that 10% target that we've laid out. It is more than we are delivering today from a productivity perspective, but it is a fraction of what GTS is currently delivering from a productivity perspective. And as we've said in the past, there's no reason why GBS productivity shouldn't mirror GTS productivity over the long term. And so, it's a combination of, to Gene's point, we're not in this game just to hit 10% at the end of next year and 12% at the end of 2020. We believe that market opportunity is vast and enormous and untapped. And so, we're actually driving head count growth or adding head count capacity to go after that big market opportunity and accelerate our growth into the future.
Gary Bisbee - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. And then just a follow-up Craig. So when I look back at this year you've beaten the quarterly EPS bogey you'd set out convincingly, but the full-year numbers haven't moved a lot. I realize there's an awful lot of moving parts with the divestitures, with tax moving around and some of the below-the-line items. But your business should be quite predictable, your spending should be fairly predictable. Are we now through all the divestitures and everything? Are we now in a place where one might expect you to have some more ability to predict quarter-to-quarter the financial performance or do you expect these factors that have been moving around to continue to do that going forward? Thank you.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: So, there's a few things going on, you're right. It has been noisy from a divestiture perspective. And from a plan perspective, we've now executed on the four major divestitures that we set out to, which were businesses or assets that came over as a part of the CEB acquisition. And that's why we  in the supplemental document you'll find on our website, we've gone to great efforts to provide our investors with the  excluding divested operations, view, so you can see what the P&L really looks like down to adjusted EPS as if these businesses were never a part of Gartner. And so, we're getting into much more of a, what I'd call, normal operating environment from that perspective. I think, Gary, with our businesses, there are different degrees of predictability associated with them. Obviously, the subscription research business is a great business and is highly, highly, highly predictable. Some of our other businesses have a little bit more variability around them. And on top of that, we haven't exactly been in a 100% stable foreign exchange environment either, which can cause numbers to go up or go down compared to what the guidance was even three months prior. So I think you're right, your assertion is right that with a lot of noise behind us, we're now in a, I won't call it completely normal, but a more normal operating environment and the predictability of our businesses remains the same in terms of subscription-based revenue, really predictable and some of the other businesses have a little bit more variability, and we'd expect that going forward.
Gary Bisbee - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Bill Warmington of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, everyone. So a question for you on the same-event growth and revenue attendees and contribution margin that all looked very strong. I just was hoping you could comment on what was driving that.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, Bill, basically, in our Events business, we have  we based it on the research that we have in our Research business. Clients come for that and we've been very effective at marketing those events, and obviously clients are seeing a lot of value from it. It's kind of as simple as that, great content, great marketing. And so, the clients come and get a lot of value out of it and that's why you're seeing that growth.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And again, when you see the growth because of the foundation of the business, it's not nearly as leveraged as our Research business, but obviously a lot of the costs at an event or conference are fixed to some extent. So when we have more exhibitors and more attendees, it flows through very nicely.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then in terms of fourth quarter guidance without discontinued operations, if you could give us a comment on what the assumption is in that fourth quarter guidance for both GTS CV growth and GBS CV growth to get some sense of that?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah, Bill, we don't guide on the CV or CV growth. Essentially  the revenue in there is essentially an extrapolation of the Q3 ending contract value, and that just kind of runs out in the quarter. But we have historically not guided on contract value growth.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. All right. Well, thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from George Tong of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
George Tong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Within the GBS segment, you indicated that business development productivity is comparable to GTS levels and that while account execs have had a slower learning curve, the pace of selling has improved from earlier quarters. Given those dynamics, can you elaborate on the factors that prevented CV growth from accelerating from the prior quarter?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Hi, George. Just to be clear, so on the  so, the BD productivity is as good as GTS. They had good BD productivity before. It wasn't like they had terrible BD productivity. And then on the AE side, what's going on is there's a fall-off in sales of legacy product and an uptick in sales of the new products. And because of the learning curve, again, that uptick wasn't as quick as the business developers, but it's proceeding well. So, the reason you're not seeing it is, the BD productivity on the legacy products was good and on the new products was good. On the AE productivity, it's been based  so that didn't change a lot. On the AE productivity, what's going on is that the AE net productivity wasn't at GTS levels. And it hasn't risen substantially so far because of the fall-off of legacy has been made up for just about equally with the increase in seat-based products. Now, we're encouraged that over time that will turn around, because, as I mentioned, we're reducing the workload to the number of renewals that we have to see. And secondly, for the AEs that have started selling new seat-based products, their new business productivity is going up as well. It's a higher priced product and there's more additional sale opportunities. So, it's this combination of  with the new seat-based products having higher pricing, having more additional sale opportunities, and then in addition to that, having a smaller workload in renewals, so you have more time to sell. Those are the factors that over time  it hasn't happened yet, but we can see it in the underlying numbers that where we have reduced workload, their productivity has gone up. We will continue to do that throughout 2019. We're doing it now, but we'll continue to do it through 2019. And again, for the people that have already sold their first seat-based product, they're now getting acceleration in selling the second, third, fourth, which increases their new business productivity.
George Tong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. That's helpful. You'd indicated that GBS new business was down 6% in the quarter. What was it last quarter and how does new business need to trend in order for you to hit your double-digit CV growth target by 2019?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, George. So, in Q2, new business was down about 20% compared to the prior year. So as I mentioned on a previous question, we actually saw a nice improvement from Q2 to Q3, which is great. I think that, obviously, there's two simple levers that will allow us to get to that or three simple levers, I should say, that allow us to get to that double-digit contract value growth target for 2019. Number one is continuing to work on and improve retention rates. And as we talked about earlier, we've seen nice progress on the GBS retention rates. However, you will note that there's still a pretty big gap between wallet retention of GBS and wallet retention of GTS, which we are intent on closing over time. So that's number one. Number two, we're going to have significantly more capacity from a selling perspective. And obviously, that will equate into more sales for us. And that will help on that path to double-digit growth. And then, lastly, is really that new business number. And again, you look at what we're doing in GTS and you can kind of use that as a guide in terms of what kinds of new business growth is required to support double-digit and mid-teen CV growth. And so, I think we would expect to see new business growth growing at double-digit rates as well to support double-digit contract value growth from a sustainable perspective into the future.
George Tong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one additional question and it will be from Jeff Silber of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. It's Henry Chien on for Jeff. Just wanted to ask about the GTS business. So, it seems like both CV growth is really strong and you're seeing nice gains in productivity and it seems like things are really going well there. Just curious, is that a satisfying sort of level for you? You just want to keep that business at a steady pace and any upcoming investment cycles in that area that you're thinking about.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, Henry, in GTS, we're doing great. The growth rate is terrific. We're not satisfied with the growth rate. We'd like to have higher growth and we're working all the levers. So, we are continuing to work on improving retention and we believe we can continue to improve retention. And we are continuing to work on improving new business per salesperson. While it's good, we believe it can get better and we have programs to improve that. And again, we also want to grow the sales force at the rate that we believe we can productively deploy salespeople. And as I've talked about in the past, the third lever, the rate we grow is set by the number of managers we have and what we think their capacity is to manage additional salespeople. And so, if we can increase that, meaning our management team's ability to accept more salespeople, we'd accelerate the growth rate in our head count as well. And so, we're working all three of those levers. So while, as you said, GTS CV growth and productivity is great, we're not satisfied with that. And again, our aspiration is for significantly better.
Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Got it. Okay. That's great. And just in terms of the content for GTS, I know that supply chain and marketing, I know you mentioned in the past, have been good drivers for sort of accelerating that growth. Is that still the case or is there any sort of trends by the sort of product lines that you see right now?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah, I think we have tremendous opportunity across all the functional areas we serve. And as we accelerate the growth in the GBS business, our expectation is all the functional areas that we serve will be healthy contributors to that acceleration in the growth rate.
Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this will bring us to the end of our Q&A session. I would like to hand the conference back over to Mr. Hall for his closing remarks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Well, so as you heard today, we have strengthened all three of our businesses: Research, Consulting, and Events. We know the right things to do to drive success in our business by applying the Gartner Formula. Our GTS organization continues to deliver strong performance. We've put much of the foundation in place that will accelerate the learning curve for GBS, resulting in sustained double-digit growth there as well. We deliver incredible value to every major functioning enterprise. We've vast market opportunity and we're on track to deliver sustained double-digit growth in revenues, earnings, and cash flow for years to come. Thanks for joining us today and we look forward to updating you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-01 08:00:00) =====
Executives: David Cohen - Gartner, Inc. Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc. Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.
Analysts: Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. George Tong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Mario Cortellacci - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Gartner's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Cohen, GVP of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
David Cohen - Gartner, Inc.: Thank you, Shannon, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for Gartner's second quarter 2018 earnings call. With me today are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Chief Financial Officer. This call will include a discussion of second quarter 2018 financial results and our current outlook for 2018 as disclosed in today's press release. Following comments by Gene and Craig, we will open up the call for your questions. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a supplemental deck as a reference for investors and analyst. We have posted the press release and the deck to our website, investor.gartner.com. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to revenue and contribution margin are for adjusted revenue, excluding divested operations and adjusted contribution margin excluding divested operations, which exclude the deferred revenue purchase accounting adjustment and the recently divested businesses. All references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, excluding divested operations with the adjustments as described in our earnings release and excluding the recently divested businesses. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we used are available in the Investor Relation section of the gartner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates, we discuss are based on 2018 foreign exchange rates. In the earnings deck, the abbreviation Ex D. O. indicates that the metric excludes divested operations. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now, I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Well, thanks for joining us today. At our Investor Day earlier this year, we laid out a plan to continue driving-double digit profitable growth to Gartner's traditional business while applying the Gartner formula to accelerate the former CEB business. Today, you'll hear how we continue to be on track on both objectives. We delivered another great quarter of double-digit growth in Q2 of 2018. Our revenue grew 14% and EBITDA 11%. EPS grew 17% compared to last year. We generated more than $210 million of free cash flow year-to-date. Research is our largest and most profitable segment. Once again, our Research segment had strong performance, with revenue growth of 14% and contract value growth of 12%. As we previously discussed, we now manage the Research sales force by Global Technology Sales or GTS, which is sales to users and providers of technology, and Global Business Sales or GBS, which includes sales to all other functions. GTS had another strong quarter. GTS contract value accelerated from Q1 and grew 14%, with a double-digit growth in every region, every size clients, and in virtually every industry. GTS client retention was 82% and wallet retention 105%, both near all-time highs. Our GTS sales head count grew 9% year-over-year, and we expect this to accelerate in Q3. This provides the foundation for sustained double-digit growth. Even as we've expanded the GTS team, productivity has improved, up 10% in Q2 to $111,000 per salesperson. As we've discussed, we have enormous growth opportunity by applying the Gartner formula to GBS. We developed an aggressive blueprint to capture this opportunity and accelerate GBS to a sustained double-digit growth. We are executing well in meeting or exceeding our expectations on implementing this blueprint. In the quarter, after we closed the CEB acquisition, we eliminated discounting and aligned terms and conditions with Gartner standards. We immediately began developing a new set of seat-based products, including Gartner for HR Leaders, Gartner for Finance Leaders and others. In Q4 2017, we pilot tested these new products with great feedback from clients and sales people. We pilot tested service elements from the Gartner formula. Retention of these pilot clients were several percentage points higher than comparable clients without these service improvements. During that time, we also expanded our sales recruiting organization and began accelerated hiring. In the first quarter of 2018, we trained GBS sales people on these great new products. Our sales hiring continued. And by the end of Q2, our GBS sales force had grown by 24%. All of the new products include the service elements of the Gartner formula and we're rolling out service elements with the remaining legacy products. All of these changes are proceeding as or better than planned. As I mentioned, our priority is positioning GBS for sustained double-digit growth as soon as practical. As expected, these changes had some short-term impact with GBS contract value growth of 4% in Q2. There were two primary things that impacted GBS contract value growth in Q2. First, to grow the GBS sales force 24%, we needed a sizable number of additional managers. As is our usual practice, the promoted managers were selected from our highest performing sales people. The new manager's former positions were then backfilled with new hires. New sales hires particularly in their first few months on average have low sales productivity. As new sales people get experienced, their productivity rapidly accelerates. Second, GBS sales people are very early in the learning curve, transitioning from the legacy products to the new seat-based products. As I just discussed, GBS sales people were trained on the new products in Q1. So most had their first opportunity to make a sale during Q2 and selling cycles are often longer than a single quarter. We note that the pilot testing last year and our past experience with similar transitions that they'll come up the learning curve quickly. Even with the GBS sales force having a much lower average tenure and being early on the learning curve selling seat-based products, leading indicators are strong. Total sales to new clients increased by more than 20% during Q2 compared to Q1. And our seat-based products represented more than half of these sales. Sales of our seat-based products to existing clients grew about 80% in Q2 compared to Q1, and were about one-third of total sales to existing clients. We developed a blueprint to implement the Gartner formula in GBS. And with the changes we've already made, we're well positioned for future sustained, double-digit growth. Our new seat-based products provide much greater value to clients, which will drive both accelerated new business and stronger retention. Our sales force expansion will allow us to enter 2019 with sales force that is about 24% larger than we had in 2017. This expanded sales force will be more tenured, trained and experienced in selling these great new products. All the new products as well as a significant amount of the legacy products will have service support for the Gartner formula, which will drive improved retention. With our aggressive implementation of the Gartner formula, we continue to expect double-digit growth in GBS contract value next year, and at least 12% growth in 2020. Our Events segment combines the outstanding value of Research with the immersive experience of live events, making every conference we produce the most important gathering for the executives we serve. Our Events segment had another strong quarter. Revenues grew 17%. During the quarter, we held 24 destination events, with attendance growing 13% compared to Q2 last year. On a same-event basis, attendance grew 16% year-over-year. Revenue for Evanta continues to see double-digit growth and the forward-looking metrics for our Events segment remained strong. The Gartner Consulting segment is an extension of Gartner Research and provides clients a deeper level of involvement through extended project-based work to help them execute on their most strategic initiatives. Our Consulting segment had a solid quarter with Q2 Consulting revenues growing 5%. Our labor-based business had a strong performance, growing 13%. Our contract optimization business had the second highest quarter for their business in the past five years, although down 17% year-over-year because we had our strongest quarter a year ago. Q2 Consulting bookings remained strong with backlog up 16%. In summary, I continue to be excited about our business, our prospects for growth and our strategy to drive long-term value for our shareholders. Our strong Q2 results demonstrate we know the right things to do to drive success in our business by applying the Gartner formula. With the capability to address critical client needs in technology and in business across every major function in the enterprise, we remain in an outstanding position to provide sustained double-digit growth across all our key metrics. And with that introduction, I'll now turn over the call to Craig Safian, our Chief Financial Officer.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. We continue to see robust demand for our services across the globe. During the second quarter, we saw a year-over-year acceleration in our contract value and very good financial results across our three primary operating segments. And as our 2018 outlook continues to demonstrate, we expect to deliver another year of double-digit revenue and EBITDA growth with strong cash flow generation. Second quarter revenue was $1 billion, up 14% and up 12% on an FX-neutral basis. The purchase accounting adjustment for deferred revenue was down to $1 million for the quarter. Also in the second quarter, we delivered contribution margins of 63%, up modestly from the prior year, EBITDA of $191 million, up 11% year-over-year, and adjusted EPS of $1.03 per share, up 17% versus the prior year. Free cash flow in the quarter was $183 million. Research had another excellent quarter, with significant year-over-year growth in revenue and improvements in contribution margin. Research revenue grew 14% in the second quarter and 12% on an FX-neutral basis. The contribution margin for Research was 69%. Total contract value was $2.9 billion at June 30, growth of 12% versus the prior year. We always report contract value growth in FX-neutral terms. New business growth was very strong in Global Technology Sales. We continue to see a healthy mix of new business across new clients, sales of additional services, and upgrades to existing clients. The average contract value for enterprise also continues to grow. It now stands at $195,000 per enterprise, up 6% versus the prior year. This continued and consistent increase in average spend, reflects our ability to drive CV growth both through new and existing enterprises. I'll now review the details of our performance for both GTS and GBS. In the second quarter, GTS contract value growth accelerated to 14%. GTS now has contract value of $2.3 billion. Client retention for GTS remained strong at 82%. Wallet retention for GTS was 105% for the quarter, up almost 80 basis points year-over-year and at an all-time high. These retention rates reflect a combination of greater spending and greater retention rates with our higher spending and larger clients. GTS growth in new business was 16% in the second quarter, an acceleration from the first quarter as our sales team continues to execute very well. We ended the second quarter with 12,375 GTS clients, up 6% compared to Q2 2017. Our investments to improve sales force productivity continued to pay off with an increase again this quarter. For GTS, the year-over-year net contract value increase, or NCVI, divided by the beginning period quota-bearing head count was $111,000 per salesperson, up 10% versus the second quarter of last year. Turning to Global Business Sales. As of June 30, GBS had contract value of $611 million, representing year-over-year growth of 4%. Since the third quarter of last year, we have made a number of changes and operational improvements to follow the Gartner growth formula that we detailed at Investor Day. All these changes and improvements position us for sustained, long-term, double-digit growth. We continue to make good progress with GBS retention metrics. And for deals up for renewal in the quarter, we saw significant improvement both year-over-year and sequentially. GBS client retention was 83%, up more than 370 basis points from the prior year. GBS wallet retention was 97%, up 10 basis points versus the prior year and down sequentially. The sequential decline in wallet retention was due to lower new business sales to existing clients. New business declined by 19% in the quarter versus the prior year, primarily due to declines in legacy product sales. As Gene detailed, we are seeing a number of positive trends within our new business results. First, new business to new clients was up more than 20% sequentially, driven by significant growth in seat-based products. The seat-based products made up greater than 50% of new business sales to new clients in the second quarter. Second, while new business to existing clients was down 40% sequentially from Q1, seat-based new business to existing clients was up 80% sequentially. Though that growth wasn't fast enough to compensate for the decline of new business of the legacy products, the uptake of the new seat-based products are trending in the right direction. These seat-based product results are particularly encouraging given the context that Gene described around the GBS sales forces' lower tenure and coming up the learning curve on selling seat-based products. We ended the second quarter with 5,659 GBS enterprise clients, up 1% versus the prior-year period. For GBS, the year-over-year net contract value increase, or NCVI, divided by the beginning period quota-bearing head count was $37,000, down 23% versus second quarter last year. The decline in productivity reflects the operational shifts we have the sales team making to the new Gartner seat-based products. The operational changes we've made are all part of the Gartner formula for growth. And our data and analytics show that as our sellers gain more experience with the new products, their productivity improves. Our Research business performance in Q2 was strong. GTS was outstanding with increases in wallet retention and sales productivity and an acceleration in contract value growth. For GBS, the early indications reinforced our outlook for double-digit contract value growth next year and 12-plus-percent growth in 2020. In Events, revenues increased by 17% year-on-year in Q2 to $111 million. FX-neutral growth was 16%. Events second quarter gross contribution margin was 57%, stable with last year's quarter. The second quarter is typically our second largest quarter of the year after the fourth quarter. We had two fewer destination events than last year. On a same-event, FX-neutral basis, revenues were up 15%, with a 16% increase in same-event attendees. Q2 was strong for our Events business and the forward-looking metrics also remain robust. Second quarter Consulting revenues increased by 5% to $96 million. FX-neutral growth was about 2%. Labor-based revenues were $77 million. In the labor-based business, revenues increased 13% versus Q2 of last year or 9% on a FX-neutral basis. On the labor-based side, billable head count of 710 was up 7% and we had 135 managing partners at the end of Q2, up about 5% versus the prior year. Backlog, which measures labor-based projects under contract where there is more work to be done, is the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our Consulting business. Backlog ended the quarter at $106 million, up 16% year-over-year and 11% in FX-neutral terms. Our booking performance remains strong and our 2018 pipeline is encouraging. The contract optimization business was down 17% versus the prior year quarter due to a very tough compare. Overall, Consulting gross contribution margin was 35% in the second quarter. Revenue in the Other segment increased by 29% compared to the year-ago quarter to $22 million. Gross contribution margin was 68%. Early in the second quarter, we divested CEB Talent Assessment for about $400 million and CEB Workforce Surveys for $28 million. On a GAAP basis, SG&A increased by 13% year-over-year in the second quarter and 11% on an FX-neutral basis. Adjusting for the divestitures and other nonrecurring items, SG&A increased 14% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis. We continue to grow sales capacity and the enabling infrastructure to support our strategy of delivering sustained double-digit growth over the long-term. The enabling infrastructure includes investments in human resources functions like recruiting and real estate to support the increased number of associates around the world. Our sales force continues to be our largest investment. And at the end of the second quarter, we had 3,595 quota-bearing associates across Gartner in GTS and GBS. This includes 2,801 in GTS and 794 in GBS or a growth of 9% and 24%, respectively. The GTS growth will increase in the second half as we still expect mid-teens growth for GTS head count for 2018. EBITDA for the second quarter was $191 million, up 11% with strong revenue growth, partially offset by higher SG&A costs as expected. Depreciation, amortization and integration expenses were down year-over-year as we get past the one year anniversary of the CEB acquisition, and as a result of the recent divestitures. Interest expense in the quarter was $38 million, down from $44 million in the second quarter of 2017. The lower interest expense relates to paying down debt over the past year. Our tax rate, which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income, was 27.9% for the quarter. As we'll discuss in the outlook section, we still expect our adjusted tax rate to be about 26% for the full year. Adjusted EPS in Q2 was $1.03 with upside relative to our expectations, primarily from a few items below the EBITDA line. In Q2, operating cash flow was $174 million compared to $112 million last year. The increase in operating cash flow was driven by strong operating results, lower interest expense and improvements and catch up in working capital. Q2 2018 CapEx was $22 million, and Q2 cash acquisition and integration payments and other non-recurring items were approximately $31 million. This yields Q2 free cash flow of $183 million, which is up over 40% versus the prior-year quarter. In the second quarter, we resumed our share repurchase program, buying about 500,000 shares for $68 million. We have over $1 billion remaining on our repurchase authorization. During the second quarter of 2018, we repaid $554 million worth of debt, leaving our June 30th debt balance at about $2.5 billion. That's down more than $1.1 billion since the acquisition a little more than a year ago. Adjusting EBITDA for the divestitures, our gross leverage ratio is now about 3.6 times EBITDA and we are tracking to our target of about 3 times, which we continue to expect to see by the end of 2018. Turning to the outlook for 2018. Revenue, adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow and adjusted EPS guidance remain the same. The only updates we are making are to our GAAP EPS guidance range to reflect the modest changes arising from the divestitures, use of divestiture proceeds and some updates to other expenses. With the strengthening of the U.S. dollar that we saw over the course of the second quarter, we do expect to see our top-line reported results impacted modestly in the second half of the year by foreign exchange. As you update your models for Q3 and Q4, please keep in mind that our original estimates for reported revenues, reported expenses and reported EBITDA will be impacted by about 1% due to the stronger U.S. dollar. The highlights of our annual guidance are as follows. For 2018, we continue to expect adjusted revenues of approximately $3.9 billion to $4 billion. We expect adjusted EBITDA of $710 million to $760 million. Amortization will take a noticeable step down from about $49 million in Q3 to about $35 million in Q4. We continue to expect an adjusted tax rate of around 26% for the full year. Please note that if you are adding back from GAAP net income, the rate for the tax effect on the add back from the second half of the year is about 23%. We expect full year 2018 adjusted EPS of between $3.51 per share and $3.91 per share. We expect free cash flow of $416 million to $456 million. At the midpoint, the conversion from adjusted net income is 126%. And lastly for the third quarter of 2018, we expect adjusted EPS of between $0.58 and $0.62 per share. All the details of our guidance are included in the press release and our quarterly earnings deck, both of which are available on our Investor Relations site. We've had a great start to the year, with strength across all of our operating segments and improvements in most of our key operating measures. Notably, GTS contract value growth accelerated to 14% in the second quarter and sales of our new seat-based products in GBS continue to scale. Free cash flow also improved significantly in the quarter. We've also divested a number of non-core assets and used those proceeds to rapidly delever. We've reduced our debt balance by more than $800 million in 2018. The trends going into the third quarter are strong and our teams are working hard to execute the 2018 plan. As we shared with you at Investor Day, we are applying the Gartner growth formula across the combined business to drive sustained, long-term, double-digit growth to revenues, EBITDA and free cash flow. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Tim McHugh with William Blair. Your line is open.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks. Just want to ask I guess a little more color on the GBS side. I know you gave some explanation, but just I guess, what caused those headwinds to get bigger in Q2 versus Q1 especially I guess as it relates to promotions and so forth? Any more color there would be helpful. Thanks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Hey, Tim. It's Gene. So, as I mentioned earlier, there were two things that really hit in Q2. So, first, we hired a bunch of sales people beginning in Q4. Those people actually came on board and went through training in Q1 and then we identified  when they came on board, we had to have some managers for them. We generally promote our managers from our highest performing sales people, which we did. And so what you'd imagine is if you take your highest performing sales people and then promote them managers, so they're not selling any more. They are managers. Replace them with somebody that just got through training. Someone just through training doesn't sell nearly as much as somebody who has been one of our highest performers. And it can be  it's a big delta. And so, if you look at comparisons, again, you take your highest performers, you replace with brand new people. That's one factor. The second factor is that, as we mentioned, we had developed these new seat-based products, we piloted them in Q4 last year. They did very well. We rolled them out in Q1 and Q2. In Q1, our sales force  the GBS sales force was getting trained. So they were still mostly some of the legacy products because they were getting trained on the new products. In Q2, they could actually start selling the new products. Again a few of them made sales in Q1 right after training, most didn't until Q2. And so, as they made the transition obviously with the new product at seat-based as opposed to enterprise agreements and a different kind of product, there's a learning curve for it. And so, those were the two primary factors that impact us. So, first, we promoted some of our highest performers to be managers and replaced them with brand new people. And secondly, we made the transition from mostly legacy product sales to actually now the seat-based sales and there's a bit of a learning curve there. As Craig and I both highlighted, the initial results on selling the new seat-based products are very strong and we're very happy about that.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then just on the Q3 guidance, I guess on profit margins, I'm not sure if the exact margin implied about the Q3 guide, but I think given year-to-date results plus that EPS guidance, I guess unless margins are up a lot in Q4, is the indication the lower end of the margin guide is more likely at this point, any color on that? Thanks.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, Tim. Thanks for the question. I think the way to think about it is as we talked about I think last year post the acquisition, there's a little more seasonality in our revenue, particularly driven by Events and Consulting, since the acquisition with Q2 and Q4 now, by far, being our largest revenue and profit quarters, and Q4 by a long way. And so when we have a relatively fixed SG&A base across each of the four quarters, when the revenue spikes, as it does in Q2 and Q4, the margins look better than the average. And when the revenue is lower a little bit in the smaller quarters for us, Q1 and Q3, the margins are down. And so I think the way we're thinking about it is we're still, if you look at the midpoint of our annual guidance, it still calls for stable margins for the full-year and that's essentially the way we are thinking about it.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Meuler with Baird. Your line is open.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes. So I think I'm a little confused on the GBS selling activity. So the sales people are used to selling enterprise-wide and it sounds like that's what's taken a hit, and they're doing well with the new seat-based sales. But I guess what's the message or the incentive structure to the sales force, like, are you  I think you're allowing them to still sell both either seat-based or enterprise-wide, but how are you incenting it or how are you messaging it, like, are you still allowing them to sell it, but you're paying more incentive for seat-based? Just trying to understand why something they're more comfortable with is where we're seeing the bigger hit.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So Jeff, it's Gene. So during Q1 and Q2, we allowed our sales force to sell both the legacy product and the new seat-based product. The reason we did that is they were only trained on the new seat-based products in Q1 and so they had to have something to sell in the meantime. And then we let them keep selling the legacy product in Q2 because they had pipelines where they'd already introduced the product  the legacy products to clients. In the middle of a selling cycle, we didn't want to have them change. So, we, for those reasons, allowed them to sell both products during Q1 and Q2. As I mentioned, Q1 was mostly the legacy products, because they hadn't yet been trained on the new products in general. And Q2, we saw a steep ramp up to material shares that we talked about of our new business in Q2. The incentives are exactly the same. Meaning, that if you sell the legacy product or you sell the new seat-based product, the commission structure and the incentive structure is exactly the same, there's no difference. So, salesperson on an economic basis is indifferent which one they sell. If you're a salesperson, it's a lot better to sell the new seat-based products because we believe they're going to have better retention because they provide better value to clients, and they provide better growth opportunities for the future. So, even though they're incented to saying, our sales people understand why the new products provide more value to our clients. And once they got trained on it that would be the preference for selling. Beginning July 1, for where we have  the majority of our sales people, they'll be selling just the seat-based products.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. So, was it basically that sometime during the first half of the year, as your sales force was developing pipeline, they were developing it with the intention of seat-based sales and that was the conversation, so the pipeline started to dry up previously for enterprise-wide sales and that's why it's taking the hit. Is that the fair characterization?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: That's a piece of it. I think a bigger piece is, when you're selling enterprise agreement, the value proposition to the client is more along the lines of, if you buy this, everyone in the organization can use this. That's a different value proposition than I'm selling this to you individually for your personal use. And by the way, the personal use product has many more features and content than the enterprise-wide product. So, it's a different sale. And so there's a combination of once you start talking to a client about here's what I want to sell you, you have a pipeline for that product, if you then change from  you don't want to change that same client from enterprise to seat. So they started  at the beginning of the year, they hadn't been trained on seat, so they had a pipeline that was mostly for the legacy products. Once they got trained, then they started developing pipelines for the new products. And so there's the pipeline change, in addition as I mentioned, there's a learning curve. What we've seen from experience is the first sale is the one that is the most important, because once our sales people make their first sale, they develop confidence about how to talk about it with clients. And then the second sale is easier and the third sale is even easier than that. And what we saw in Q2 is a very large portion of our sales force making their first sale of a seat-based product, GBS.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Your line is open.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning, guys. So maybe just to ask a different way, I guess these changes you're making, seat-based hiring, they're all sort of what you planned. But was this deceleration in 2Q like pretty much in line with what you were expecting or did it go a little worse than maybe what you had planned? I know you reiterated the full-year guidance, so will there be like a catch-up towards the end of the year in your expectation?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So we made the changes that we expected to make, and the impact had the impact we expected. I'd sort of leave it at that. In terms of  I don't know how to think about catch-up, but it's kind of like we're on plan with what we expected. We wanted to make these changes. We had an aggressive plan. We made them exactly as we expected. They're going as well or better than we expected in terms of making these changes. In fact, I had a  one of the things that really made me feel good about these things is we had a meeting with our senior leaders in July, where I got together with the senior GBS leaders from around the world, senior sales leaders. And their level of enthusiasm about the new products and how much value they add to clients and their future was extremely high. And it's great, when you have your senior sales leaders are all very excited about this transition of new products, it makes you feel very confident we're on the right track.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. And then maybe, Craig, just for you. I mean small repurchase this quarter. When do you think we get back to sort of the level of activity you guys used to do before the deal?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, Manav. Thanks. The way that we think about deployment of capital is as we get down to our overall leverage target, which as we've talked about is about 3 times EBITDA on a gross leverage basis we're going to deploy our capital in two ways. Number one, looking at strategic value enhancing M&A that either fills in gaps or can accrete our top line and bottom line or things like that and returning capital to shareholders through share repurchasing. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have over $1 billion of authorization remaining. And the way we think about it is, we will deploy our capital very similar to the way we did prior to the acquisition as we reduce our leverage and get down to our target levels.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
George Tong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. You've indicated that overall GBS sales force productivity was impacted by the promotion of your highest performing sales people to managers and then these people were backfilled with new sales. Can you comment on trends in sales force productivity among your non-promoted sales people and how their productivity tracked versus last quarter and your own internal expectations?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, I think one of the best ways to look at it is we had a pilot of the new seat-based products last year, as I mentioned. And if you look at the productivity of those people who now  we introduced it to them in the fourth quarter, they started selling the seat-based products. If you look at their productivity in the second quarter, it is whole numbers are better than the new people would be. And so, it gives us confidence in the fact, as people get experience with this, they come up the curve very quickly.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: The other thing, George, that I  just to add to that, when we look at our sales to new clients, sequentially, we saw a really nice increase in the new business, the absolute dollars from Q1 to Q2 of that group of sellers, and the mix shifted pretty significantly too with a majority of the Q2 new business to new clients being in our  sorry to use new again, new seat-based product. So, you asked a really good question around the underlying trends. The underlying trends are very positive, and everything we see analytically both from experience and what we're seeing now with the current GBS sales force is as they get more time or more tenure, their productivity does improve.
George Tong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. That's very helpful context. You're, obviously, in the process now of transitioning from enterprise to seat-based licensing. Can you talk about, generally, what the client take rate is on these new contract terms? What proportion of contracts or clients that you're going out to are converting under these new terms?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, as I mentioned earlier, sales people that are already been talking to a client about enterprise agreements, they can continue those and close those as we switch and again we're ending that as of July 1. As Craig mentioned earlier, and when we have a new client situation between Q1 and Q2, our sales to new clients were up 20%  more than 20% year-over-year as I mentioned in my remarks. And in Q2, the proportion of new seat-based sales was more than half of those sales. So, again, the total actual dollars were up more than 20% year-over-year. And in Q2 for new clients, the mix was more than half of the new seat-based products. In fact  and the reason that we're ending legacy products is just they were already in the pipeline, we'd already been discussing with clients. So the uptake is very positive.
George Tong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. I guess the question is more qualitative. Are clients receptive to this new kind of seat-based structure in your conversations?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yes. And again, great question. So clients love the new seat-based products and the reason is that they provide a lot more value. And the actual product itself, again, as you'll recall, we took Research from Heritage Gartner on the technology side. So, for example, HR on HR information systems and analytics in HR added that to what CEB had already had and then we actually changed the structure of the product even within the CEB piece. So if you look at actually the seat-based product, that's a much higher value product than the legacy product we had before. And so, when we talked  the reason the uptake has been very positive to new clients is, when new clients see this and then when you sell it to the individual for their personal use, they really understand the value, then the reception has been very, very positive which is why you've seen the statistics I mentioned earlier, where total new business is actually up 20% year-over-year in GBS for new clients.
George Tong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Gene, you mentioned the July 1st date a couple of times in the last question and earlier. But just so I'm clear, that's when the sales people are not able to sell the enterprise licenses anymore? Is that how to think about that July 1 change?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, for our larger products, HR, finance, legal, sales, marketing, et cetera, we gave until July 1 for our sales people to close out any deals they had in the pipeline with the legacy products. There is still some very small legacy products, but it's a small portion. So it's not literally zero but a small portion of our product is still legacy. Over time, those will be converted. The vast majority and all the big important ones will be on the seat-based products starting July 1. That's the only thing we'll sell starting July 1.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: From a new business perspective.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: From a new business perspective. Yeah. Again, people can renew  our global clients renew their legacy products as long as they want to renew them.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And the fact that the new seat-based product sales are going so well, it shouldn't have  you're not expecting a very negative impact on Q3 from like basically this changeover day?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, again, we feel like we're in a very good trajectory, where the sales force understands that they're getting more experienced and for new sales to new clients, we actually had great results. And so, we're feeling very good about it.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And just my follow-up is, were there any particular functional areas within GBS that were particularly strong this quarter or any that were particularly slower, that be helpful.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: I'd say everything was in trend. I can't think there were any differences. If you look at the differences between the seat-based and the legacy products or even the trend overall, it's kind of in trend with where it's been.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. So, nothing to call out on like marketing versus supply chain versus...?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: No. I think, again, everything I would say is in trend with where it's been historically.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Sorry to go back to this GBS sales issue, just one minor question. If I look at the GBS sales force today, roughly what percentage of those folks are new versus those that came from CEB?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, I don't have those numbers right in front of me, but the way to think about it is, we grew it 24% year-over-year, so you know 24% are new, plus we promoted a number of people into managers (44:00), so their replacements are new. And plus we had sales force turnover which is in the range of what our Gartner sales force turnover has been historically. So, I don't have the numbers in front of me, but if you think about that we had growth plus we had replacement as we promoted people, plus we had normal turnover, and so it's a big proportion of people to new. And, by the way, we're used to this. This is how Gartner's worked for a decade. And so, we know how to run that kind of an organization and things are going, as I said, as we would expect.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. I guess where I was going with the question is if I look over time, when do you think the GBS sales force will be comprised of mostly new folks as opposed to CEB legacy sales?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, let me give you an illustrative example because, again, I don't have the exact numbers right in front of me. But if you have a business that you want to grow the sales head count 15% net and you have 15% turnover and 15% promotions, so if I start with 100 people and lose 15% for turnover, I promote 15% and I want to grow 15%, I have to hire 45 people to grow 100 people to 115 people. 45 divided by 115 is 39%  is 40%. So under the theoretical assumption I just gave you, 15% growth in net head count, 15% turnover, 15% promotions, 40% of people are the first year all the time. Again, this is how we run Gartner forever, but that gives you sort of a flavor for it.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. I appreciate that. And where are you finding these new GBS sales people?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, we have a world-class recruiting organization. And, in fact, I think about our recruiting organization as being a real source of competitive advantage for us. We focused on building it for a number of years. And as you know, the labor markets are quite tight. Despite the fact that labor markets are tight, as you've heard, we're growing our total sales force significantly in both GTS and GBS. And all of our metrics in terms of the quality of the people are stronger and stronger as in the past. We find our sales people from all over. As you know, we operate  we have clients in 100 countries, we operate in many of those directly, and so we hire people all around the world. So, it's not kind of one source, because we're operating in all these different markets, we sell large clients, medium clients, small clients. Those are different sources. So there's kind of like, not one source, it depends on what geography it is and what size clients that we're serving, et cetera.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Mario Cortellacci - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hey guys. This is Mario Cortellacci filling in for Hamzah. Does GBS wallet retention have any structural changes that would keep it from getting to where GTS is running currently?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: No, I think we believe that the wallet retention in GBS, there's no reason why it can't be the same over time as what we see in GTS. And in fact, two primary things we believe will unlock that. Number one is you're driving the normal Gartner growth formula around engagement and service and all those things have been translating into higher retention rates, and there's still room to improve there. And the second thing is, and this is one of the other benefits of transitioning to seat-based products, is with an enterprise license, once you penetrated the organization, there's really no more growth to go. Gartner historically has derived about two-thirds of its gross growth from further penetration of existing enterprises. And with the new seat-based products, we'll now be able to run that play on the GBS side as well. So, that was a longwinded answer to your question which I could have just said, no, there is no reason why GBS wallet retention can't get to the same levels as GTS wallet retention.
Mario Cortellacci - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Got you. Perfect. And just a quick follow up. Given the divestitures in some of the noncore assets, could you walk us through how you think about further portfolio pruning if there maybe is any and how robust does your future pipeline look in terms of M&A? And if that is the case, do you see yourself adding any (48:27) to the portfolio?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. Sure. From a divestiture perspective, the biggest one for us was the Talent Assessment business which was by far the biggest business within Heritage CEB that we deemed as noncore. We worked very quickly to do the analysis to figure out that it was noncore and then to market and divest that asset. And so getting that completed in early April was kind of mission number one for us. We continue to look at the portfolio to make sure that everything we have is core and really supports the growth of our Research business, which is what all of our other businesses are there to do and we'll continue to look at that. From an M&A perspective, we continue to track a hundred-plus different companies across all the areas that we now participate in. So not just in IT research, but HR research, finance research, legal research, et cetera. We continue to track those. We have a corp dev team that is all over that. But again, the way we think about M&A going forward is similar to the way we thought about it previously, which was we're going to be really diligent, really disciplined around how we deploy our capital. If there are assets that can fill in gaps for us or accelerate our growth rate and drive real shareholder value, we'll deploy our capital that way. Absent that, we'll look to deploy our capital as we talked about earlier on share repurchases.
Mario Cortellacci - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hi. I was wondering if we could get, as best you can, a breakdown of what the growth drivers are. And what I mean by that is how much of your growth is coming from new market penetration versus new products versus industry tailwinds?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Hey, Joe. Good morning. Because our portfolio is so diverse now and because technology is ubiquitous regardless of geography, industry, or company size and you can make the same comment for all the other functions we serve like HR and finance and legal. We tend to look at the market as obviously as we've talked about, huge and untapped. And we have a huge opportunity both from a further client penetration perspective and from working with enterprises that currently don't do business with us. And we have ample opportunity on both sides of that equation. And as I just mentioned, historically, on the Heritage Gartner side, about two-thirds of our growth has come from existing enterprises through a combination of pricing, upgrades of products to higher value, higher priced products, finding new seats within existing buying centers, and finding new buying centers within the existing enterprise. We think that same algorithm or formula applies across GBS as well. And again, it's a combination of new products, of going after the C-level in the organization and then expanding the account below that, all those plays that have worked really well for us, on the Heritage Gartner or GTS side, we think we have available for us on the GBS side as well.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Got it. And just as my follow-up, I think we're trying to figure out how much of GBS is sales force versus product. Maybe you could give us some stats. I'm sure CEB is integrated into the whole business now. But any stats you could share with us around CEB, its products or the changes in wallet retention that would help us understand the product side of things a little bit better. Thanks.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Sure, Joe. The way to think about GBS is first its construction was  it was about 25% supply chain and marketing from the Heritage Gartner side and about 75% of Heritage CEB Leadership Councils. As we talked about, we've started this journey now of really converting everything over to Gartner seat-based products for each of the major functions that we serve. We're very early innings in that game, particularly on the functions that came over from Heritage CEB. But, again, similar to the way we've run it historically in Heritage Gartner and GTS, the growth algorithm is a combination of increased selling capacity because the opportunity is there and then that increased capacity selling the products and services that we have for those particular functions into the function and then expanding within that function. And so, again, it's the same algorithm, as we've talked about and have managed for the last decade or so on the Heritage Gartner/GTS side.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks. Good morning. I'm wondering if you guys see potential for profitability impact from the shift in the GBS product mix. So, I'm specifically wondering if the higher level of support and service on these newer products perhaps implies a lower level of margin for those products.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, Peter. Good question. So, a couple of ways to think about it. One is we price for that, that's baked into the price. And two, we fully anticipate higher retention rates on those products as well. And the combination of the pricing, the scale we'll get and the higher retention rates, we believe that on a combined basis, we can run the overall Research segment at 70% gross margins, both incremental and absolute. With all of that incremental service baked in, again to support the higher retention rates, but again when we build our pricing, we're very cognizant of the elements of the products, service being one of those elements.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. Understood. And then the flipside, I guess, to that, Craig, is that it's got all this upfront hiring of sales force in GBS this year. Presumably the sales force growth would slow some next year. I'm wondering if that then potentially helps the margin.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, Peter, it's Gene. As we've talked about in the past in terms of sales force growth, we've increased the GBS sales force growth substantially. We're going to look at what happens to sales productivity. If as through the second half of the year our sales productivity goes up nicely and gets to kind of GTS levels of productivity, then we're going to continue to aggressively grow the GBS sales force. And again, if we believe we can grow it at the same kind of rates we grew it this year, we will do that. But it's all based on seeing the kind of productivity that we expect which again you need to think about it being on par with kind of GTS productivity. And so, we haven't decided yet how much we're going to grow in 2019, because we don't know what those productivities look like yet. And we're prepared to go either way.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions in the queue. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Gene Hall for closing remarks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Well, I continue to be excited about our business, our prospects for growth, and our strategy to drive long-term value for our shareholders. Our strong Q2 results demonstrate we know the right things to do to drive success in our business by applying the Gartner formula. We have the capability to address critical client needs in technology and in business across every function in the enterprise. And we remain in an outstanding position to provide sustained double-digit growth across all our key metrics. Thanks for joining us today, and I look forward to updating you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thanks for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-08 08:00:00) =====
Executives: David Cohen - Gartner, Inc. Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc. Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.
Analysts: Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Company, LLC Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC George Tong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Drew Kootman - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2018 Gartner Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jeanetta, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Cohen, GVP of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
David Cohen - Gartner, Inc.: Thank you, Jeanetta, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your joining us today for Gartner's first quarter 2018 earnings call. With me today are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Chief Financial Officer. This call will include a discussion of first quarter 2018 financial results and our current outlook for 2018 as disclosed in today's press release. Following comments by Gene and Craig, we will open up the call for your questions. In addition to today's press release, we have provided an accompanying deck as a reference for investors and analysts. We have posted the press release and the deck to our website, investor.gartner.com. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to revenue and contribution margin are for combined adjusted revenue and combined adjusted contribution margin, which exclude the deferred revenue purchase accounting adjustment. All references to EBITDA are for combined adjusted EBITDA, with the adjustments as described in our earnings release. For periods prior to the CEB acquisition, these combined measures include the results of both Gartner and CEB. All revenue, contribution margins and EBITDA include the divested businesses. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we discuss are based on 2018 foreign exchange rates. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2017 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now, I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Well, thanks for joining us today. Last year and on our recent Investor Day, we laid out a plan for continuing double-digit profitable growth with Gartner's traditional business while applying the Gartner formula to accelerate the former CEB business. Today, you'll hear we are on track on both objectives, with a strong Q1 exceeding our expectations. Our revenue grew 16%; and EBITDA, 14%. EPS grew 20% compared to standalone Gartner for Q1 2017. Research is our largest and most profitable segment. Once again, our Research segment had strong performance with revenue growth of 17% and contract value growth of 12%. As we discussed on Investor Day, we now report contract value for Global Technology Sales, or GTS, which is sales to users and providers of technology, and Global Business Sales, or GBS, which includes sales to all other functions. GTS had another strong quarter. GTS contract value grew 13% with double-digit growth in every region, every size client and inversely every industry. GTS client retention increased to 83% and wallet retention to 104%, both near all-time highs. Our GTS sales head count grew 13% year-over-year, providing a foundation for continued, sustained double-digit growth. Global Business Sales, or GBS, also had a strong quarter. GBS contract value growth accelerated to 7%. GBS client retention increased more than 400 basis points to 82% and wallet retention increased more than 200 basis points to 99%. These retention improvements are remarkable in such a short time period. Our integration of CEB is largely complete. We have an integrated organizational structure, have introduced new seat-based products, and then moved to standard Gartner commercial terms. As planned, we've invested to grow GBS head count 20% year-over-year, providing a foundation for sustained, accelerating contract value growth. Our forward-looking metrics for both GTS and GBS remain strong. Our Events segment combines the outstanding value of our research with the immersive experience of live events, like in every conference we produce, the most important gathering for the executives we serve. Our Events segment had another strong quarter. Revenues grew 26% and same events revenues, on an FX-neutral basis, grew 19%. During the quarter, we held 14 destination events, with attendance growing 29% compared to Q1 last year. On a same events basis, destination event attendance grew 21% year-over-year. While Q1 is seasonally small for our Evanta events, revenue for this business accelerated to double-digit growth. And this compares to flat to declining revenue from before the CEB acquisition. The forward-looking metrics for our Events segment remain strong. The Gartner Consulting segment is an extension of Gartner Research and provides clients a deeper level of involvement through extended project-based work to help them execute on their most strategic initiatives. Our Consulting segment had a solid quarter with Q1 consulting revenues growing 5%. Our labor-based business had strong performance, growing 14%. Our contract optimization business, which also can vary between quarters, was down 35% year-over-year. Q1 Consulting bookings were strong with backlog up 17%. Previously, we discussed we'd be divesting businesses, which are not a strong strategic fit with Gartner. We divested CEB Talent Assessment in early April for about $400 million and CEB Workforce Surveys at the end of April for about $29 million. We use the proceeds to reduce our debt. Our future Gartner is the brightest ever. I recently met with many of our salespeople from around the world. I was inspired by the energy, passion, selling skills, and knowledge of our clients in our GTS and GBS sales teams. The former CEB salespeople, who are now mostly in GBS, have embraced and are rapidly implementing the Gartner formula to accelerate GBS. We provide incredible value by helping our more than 15,000 enterprise clients with their most important initiatives. The combination of Gartner and CEB allows us to address every role across the enterprise, giving us a huge unpenetrated market opportunity. We've largely completed the CEB integration. We know the right things to do to drive sustained, profitable double-digit growth, the Gartner formula. Our business economics allow us to drive strong double-digit growth in all our key metrics, including cash flow. And we have an incredibly talented team across the business. Our future has never been brighter. And with that introduction, I'll now turn over the call to Craig Safian, our Chief Financial Officer.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. We continue to see robust demand for our services across the globe. During the first quarter, we saw year-over-year acceleration in our contract value growth, along with improvements in our retention metrics and sales productivity. And as our 2018 outlook continues to demonstrate, we expect to deliver another year of double- digit revenue and EBITDA growth with strong cash flow generation. First quarter adjusted revenue was $973 million, up 16%. The weaker U.S. dollar contributed about 4 points to the growth rate. Purchase accounting adjustment for deferred revenue was down to a $10 million impact for the quarter. Also, in the first quarter, we delivered adjusted EBITDA of $161 million, up 14%, adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.72, and free cash flow of $27 million. Research had another excellent quarter with significant year-over-year growth in revenue and improvements in contribution margin, contract value growth, retention and sales productivity. On a combined basis, Research adjusted revenue grew 17% in the first quarter, with about 3 to 4 points from foreign exchange. The adjusted gross contribution margin for research was 70%, up from last year's 69%. Total contract value was $2.9 billion at March 31, FX-neutral growth of 12% versus the prior year. New business growth was consistent with prior quarters and remains balanced among new clients, sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. The average spend for enterprise also continues to grow. It now stands at $191,000 for enterprise, up 5% versus the prior year on an FX-neutral basis. This continued and consistent increase in average spend reflects our ability to drive CV growth both through new and existing enterprises. As we discussed at our Investor Day, we are now going to market with two distinct sales forces, Global Technology Sales, or GTS, serves technology end users, investors, professional services firms and technology providers; Global Business Sales, or GBS, serves all the other functional areas in the enterprise outside of technology. We will be reporting the key operational metrics by contract value, retention rates and sales productivity for both GTS and GBS. I'll start with a review of Global Technology Sales for the first quarter. GTS had contract value of $2.3 billion at March 31, representing FX-neutral growth of 13%. GTS client retention was 83%, up 60 basis points versus the first quarter of 2017. Wallet retention for GTS was 104% for the quarter, up 90 basis points year-over-year. Both retention rates for GTS are close to our all-time highs. GTS new business growth, excluding the heritage CEB technology business, was about 12% in the first quarter. It's tough to compare GTS new business to Q1 2017 due to the full integration of the heritage CEB tech business and no longer selling any heritage CEB products in this space. We ended the first quarter with 12,363 GTS clients, up 7% compared to Q1 2017. About 75% of our GTS clients don't buy GBS services yet, giving us ample room to expand our client relationships across additional functional areas. Our investments to improve sales force productivity continue to pay off with an increase again this quarter. For GTS, the year-over-year net contract value increase, or NCVI, divided by the beginning of period quota-bearing head count, was $110,000 per salesperson, up 14% versus first quarter last year. Turning to Global Business Sales results for the first quarter, GBS had contract value of $613 million at March 31, representing FX-neutral growth of 7%. As you know, contract value reflects the amount of annualized contracted revenue at a point in time. It is an important forward-looking measure for Gartner. After we closed the CEB deal, we aligned their CV reporting with the heritage Gartner methodology. Our first priority was ensuring that we got the reporting 100% accurate for the periods that we own them. For transparency purposes, we also wanted to provide historical figures so that our investors could track the progress we are making. In March of this year, we went back and reviewed every transaction that occurred during 2017 from both before and after the acquisition close. As a result of that review, we identified roughly $14 million of additional contract value that belonged in the year-end 2016 number. The adjustment arose because these contracts renewed after the Gartner year-end cutoff point but with a contract start date of January 1. In our investor materials, we've adjusted the Q4 2016 CV number up by $14 million, the majority falling in GBS. The result is that 4Q 2017 growth for GBS was 6% rather than 8%. Other than that, in calculating all values at 2018 FX rates, there are no further adjustments. Perhaps, most important, there is no change to the outlook for future GBS CV growth. We are also making good progress with GBS retention metrics. GBS client retention was 82%, up more than 400 basis points from the prior year. GBS wallet retention was 99%, up more than 200 basis points versus the prior year. New business growth for GBS was 13%. We ended the first quarter with 5,697 GBS clients, up 1% versus the prior-year period. About 50% of GBS clients don't buy GTS services, creating an opportunity for us to sell our indispensable technology insight to additional enterprises. For GBS, the year-over-year net contract value increase, or NCVI, divided by the beginning period quota-bearing head count, was $61,000, up 13% versus first quarter last year. Our Research business performance in Q1 was very strong across both GTS and GBS. GTS measures all improved on a year-over-year basis, including CV growth, both retention measures, and sales productivity. The GBS business also improved significantly with similar year-over-year improvements to key operating measures and a sequential improvement in contract value growth from the fourth quarter on an adjusted basis. As always, we remain focused on continuous improvement in recruiting, training, and tools to support higher sales productivity, a key driver of our short and long-term results. In Events, adjusted revenues increased by 26% year-on-year in Q1 to $46 million, with about a 7-point benefit from foreign exchange. Events' first quarter gross contribution margin was 35%, up by 370 basis points compared to the year-ago quarter. The first quarter is a seasonally small quarter, but the results were excellent. We had three more events than last year. On a same event FX-neutral basis, revenues were up 19%, with a 21% increase in same event attendees. As Gene mentioned, the forward-looking metrics for Events remain strong. First quarter Consulting revenues increased by 5% on a reported basis and about 1% FX-neutral. Consulting gross contribution margin was 29% in the first quarter. In the labor-based business, revenues increased 14% versus Q1 of last year with about 6 points from foreign exchange, while the contract optimization business was down 35%. On the labor-based side, billable head count of 694 was up 7%, and we had 138 managing partners at the end of Q1, up about 10% versus the prior year. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our Consulting business, ended the quarter at $104 million, up 17% year-on-year and 12% in FX-neutral terms. Our bookings performance remained strong, and our 2018 pipeline is encouraging. Adjusted revenue in the Talent Assessment & Other segment increased by 8% compared to the year-ago quarter to $74 million. Gross contribution margin was 63%. We divested CEB Talent Assessment on April 3 for $400 million and CEB Workforce Surveys on April 30 for $29 million. Operating results from both divestitures are included in our first quarter numbers. First quarter revenue from the divested businesses was about $54 million, with EBITDA of about $8 million. On a combined basis, SG&A increased by 20% year-over-year in the first quarter. Foreign exchange contributed about 3 points to the SG&A growth in the quarter. We are growing sales capacity and the enabling infrastructure to support our strategy of delivering sustained double-digit growth over the long-term. Our sales force continues to be our largest investment. And at the end of the first quarter, we had 3,501 quota-bearing associates across Gartner in GTS and GBS. This is an increase of 445 or 15% from a year ago. This includes 2,746 in GTS and 755 in GBS. The investments in SG&A are in line with our expectations. Adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter was $161 million, up 14%, with strong revenue growth partially offset by higher SG&A costs as just discussed. Depreciation, amortization and integration expenses were up year-over-year, driven primarily by the CEB acquisition. Interest expense in the quarter was $35 million, up from $6 million on a standalone basis in the first quarter of 2017. The higher interest expense relates to additional debt used to fund the CEB acquisition. Our adjusted tax rate, which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income, was 20.4% for the quarter. First quarter is typically a seasonally low quarter for the tax rate, primarily due to equity-related excess tax benefits. As we'll discuss in the outlook section, we still expect our adjusted tax rate to be about 26% for the full year. Adjusted EPS in Q1 was $0.72 with upside relative to our expectations from strong top line performance, the timing of some expenses and investments, as well as a lower tax rate, which is also due to timing. In Q1, operating cash flow was $3 million compared to an outflow of $30 million last year on a reported basis. Operating cash flow was affected by the CEB acquisition, which is not in the 2017 number, including acquisition integration payments, higher interest costs, and the billing delays we mentioned last quarter. The billing delays accrued as a result of transitioning heritage CEB invoicing into Gartner systems, affecting our cash flow to-date. We see no challenges or issues with the collectability of these invoices. We've made good progress in April and the first week of May and expect this to be largely caught up by the end of Q2. Our annual free cash flow guidance is unchanged with the exception of the impact of the divestitures. Q1 2018 CapEx was $18 million and Q1 cash acquisition and integration payments and other non-recurring items were approximately $42 million. This yields Q1 free cash flow of $27 million. During the first quarter of 2018, we repaid $300 million worth of debt. In April, we paid down an additional $450 million, leaving our April 30 debt balance at just under $2.6 billion. That's down more than $1.1 billion since the acquisition a little more than a year ago. Adjusting EBITDA for the divestitures, our gross leverage ratio is now about 3.8 times, and we are tracking well to our target of around 3 times, which we continue to expect to see by the end of 2018. This is factored into our interest expense guidance for 2018. Turning to guidance, we are updating our full-year guidance for the divestitures and lower interest expense as a result of utilizing the divestiture proceeds. The updated guidance removes the divested businesses starting from the closing dates and reflects the debt repayment we have made through April 30. Consistent with our historical practice, we will revisit full-year guidance later in the year. I will now summarize the guidance headlines. All the details are available in the press release and our quarterly earnings deck, both of which are available on our Investor Relations site. For 2018, we expect adjusted revenues of approximately $3.9 billion to $4.0 billion. The adjusted revenue guidance is lower by $175 million, reflecting the divestitures. For 2018, we expected adjusted EBITDA of $710 million to $760 million. The adjusted EBITDA guidance is lower by $40 million reflecting the divestitures. We continue to expect an adjusted tax rate of around 26%. That implies a higher rate for the balance of the year. We expect full-year 2018 adjusted EPS of between $3.51 and $3.91 per share. The adjusted EPS guidance is lower by $0.20, reflecting the divestitures. We expect free cash flow of $416 million to $456 million. At the midpoint, the conversion from adjusted net income is 126%. And lastly for the second quarter of 2018, we expect adjusted EPS of between $0.92 and $0.97 per share. We had a great start to the year with first quarter results coming in better than expected. We saw strength across the segments, improvements in key operating measures and we divested non-core assets. Since January 1, we have reduced our debt balance by about $750 million. The trends going into the second quarter are strong and our teams are working hard to execute the 2018 plan. As we shared with you at Investor Day, we are applying the Gartner growth formula across the combined business and are encouraged with the outlook for the rest of the year and into the future. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Tim McHugh with William Blair. Please proceed.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Company, LLC: Yes. Thanks. Just want to first ask on GBS', the improvement in growth. Can you break out for us the marketing piece and supply chain pieces versus, I guess, the best of your ability kind of some of the legacy CEB pieces, how much of the improvement was driven by those different parts of the business?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Good morning, Tim, and thank you. So, GBS is performing really well. The leading indicators are all good. The sales teams are ramping up and we remain really confident in the outlook we provided at Investor Day. As you know, we're now going to market separately as GTS and GBS, and that's how we manage and measure the business. To maximize the performance of the combined company, we integrated our Research teams, our products, and our sales teams. In a number of enterprise functions we serve, we had overlaps, and it's really impractical to separate out the heritage businesses, but what we can say is both the heritage CEB and heritage Gartner components of GBS, they both contributed to the sequential improvement in GBS contract value growth.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Company, LLC: Okay. Thank you. And the 20% growth and I guess the sales force for GBS side, did you ramp that up? I thought you talked about after kind of ramping it up last year kind of watching the productivity of the initial cohort kind of mature and see how it progresses. So, did you  is your expectations are all around sales force and timing for that side of the business?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah, Tim, it's Gene. So, it's exactly we expected. So, as we mentioned before, because the integration was going so well, we moved up our timeframe compared to before we did the acquisition, and our plan all along was to grow the sales force by about 20%. A lot of sales force growth happens January 1, and so  it actually happens in the first quarter because that's when we do a lot of promotions like from an individual contributor, salesperson to a sales manager. And also we had people in training in Q4 that actually became quota-bearing salespeople in Q1. So, we are right on our plan, and 20% is the exact growth rate that we had planned on. I'm very excited about it because, as you know, our aspiration is to have a really solid double-digit growth in GBS, and now we have the products to do it, we have the right commercial terms and we have the sales capacity. So, getting that sales capacity there really is one of the essential components and makes me very excited about our future there.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Company, LLC: Okay. Great. And one last one and I'll hand it off. But just, Craig, the guidance, the $0.20, I guess, reduction, I think you had said $0.17 annually previously. So, is there a way to bridge that, I guess, in terms of the impact of the divestitures?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yes, absolutely, Tim. So, the way to think about it is the initial guidance we gave on that was $0.17 for just the Talent Assessment business, assuming a full year impact of a divestiture because we didn't know when the business would actually close. In addition, now we've removed the Workforce Survey & Analytics (sic) [Workforce Surveys & Analytics] business, which we closed also in April, and that was about, on an annualized basis, about $0.05 dilutive impact so, $0.22 in total. Q1 is the lightest profit quarter. And so, we're looking at a $0.20 impact based on Talent Assessment being out of the business as of April 1 essentially and Workforce Surveys being out as of April 30. So, in line with what we had told you originally, you have to add in the impact from Workforce Surveys divestiture.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Company, LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler with Baird. Please proceed.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. I guess, I just want to ask about the line that you included that, I think, you said consistent with our practice that you would consider revising the full year guidance later in the year. I guess, just given the magnitude of the Q1 upside, and I know we're only a quarter into the year here, but are there any offsetting factors that you're seeing that temper the enthusiasm from the Q1 upside, or I guess if you could just revisit your practice with us and if you just would not adjust Q1 guidance no matter what the magnitude of the upside would be?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Good morning, Jeff, and thanks for the question. I'd say a few things about Q1 and then we can talk about our posture and philosophy as well. If you look at the Q1 results, there are timing elements, particularly the lower tax rate for the quarter, which that will normalize itself over the course of the year. We definitely had upside. We had strong performance in Q1. But as you referenced correctly, it is a small quarter. It is only the first quarter and it is a small quarter for us as well. And as we look at our forecast, we're still well within the guidance ranges we provided at the beginning of the year. And so, we saw no reason or need to update or adjust our annual outlook, save for the updates on or related to the divestitures. As we progress through the year and have more visibility into Q2, Q3, Q4, we'll continue to relook at where our forecasts are landing us, and we will adjust accordingly if we need to.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just given the way that your calculation works for sales productivity dividing by beginning AE, I would think there would be some small contribution from the new hires and the accelerated sales force head count growth. So, with that long preamble, on the GBS side or the CEB heritage, I guess, what are you seeing in terms of sales productivity trends? If you could break it out between how are the new hires ramping and then if you look at the established salespeople that came over with CEB or on the GBS side, are they through the period of disruption with all of the change that you pushed through over the last 12 months and started to see improvement there as well?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Hi, Jeff. It's Gene. So, the sales force in the GBS side is doing great. As you saw from Craig's numbers, their current productivity is substantially less than the GTS sales force. There's no reason it shouldn't be at the same level. And to your point, most of the disruptive changes, we've done now. So, we've reorganized. Everybody knows what their territory is, what their job is, who their boss is. We've introduce the new products. People know what their new products are. They've got those. We changed the commercial terms. That's all done. So, what it is now is just people getting in the groove and getting more experience with all of these changes. So, we've made the changes. I think they've accepted, it's exceeded my expectations. They've been gone over very, very well both with our salespeople as well as with our clients and prospects. And so, now that we've made all the changes, now it's a matter of just  if you're a salesperson and it's the first time you sold a new product, you're not as good on the first time as you are on the second, the third and the fourth. And so, what I expect to see over the coming period of time is that they will get used to these new products, new commercial terms and the new organization. And we should see productivity  we expect productivity to be at the same kind of rates we have for GTS over time.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just finally for me, I don't know the name of the metric, but I know you measure everything, Gene, so I'm sure you have a metric. Is there a client engagement or usage on the GBS or heritage CEB side? How are you doing in terms of getting it up?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, you're exactly right, Jeff. The usage is really important. Our products can provide a lot of value, but if clients aren't using them, they don't actually realize that value. We know it's really important. One of the ways we've driven the great retention we have on the GTS side has been through driving increased usage of our products. We're well aware that the usage historically was lower on the GBS side, and so we have programs in place, it's part of the Gartner formula, we have programs in place, again, that we have implemented, it will take time to fully kick in, but we've implemented what we believe will drive retention to the same levels as we have in GTS, again, over time.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen. My first question is, I guess, I understand you guys are going to market in these two different segments on the Research side. Just to try and help us, though, I mean, how should we think about the progress for the total fee be relative to your target of getting them to double-digit growth in three years that you had set out when you came in? Like, how is it looking today? And, I guess, going forward, it doesn't sound like you'll be able to give us that. So, how should we measure how that's tracking?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, in answer your first question, we're tracking really well. The things that are going to get GBS up to the same levels of GTS are things like, do we have the right products. Yes, we have the right products. Do we have the right commercial terms? Yes, we have the right commercial terms. Have we expanded the sales force and are we hiring the right people, giving them the right training and the right tools? All those things are in place. And so, as I mentioned earlier, I think the  now it's a matter of  okay, they've got the new tools, they've got the new products, it's a matter of  there's a learning curve. And as our salespeople and their leaders go with that learning curve, you'll see great improvements in productivity, and that's what's going accelerate the growth. But the great thing is, which I'm really excited about, is all the foundational pieces are there. So, again, like I said, if you've got the right products, you've got the right service support, you've got the right tools, you've hired the right people, you've grown the sales force 20%, it's a matter of when, not if, in my opinion.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Okay. And, Manav, the other thing I would add is that, as we talked about at Investor Day, of the GBS portfolio, 75% of the contract value that we put in there to constitute that portfolio, 75% related to heritage CEB contract value, roughly 25% to the heritage Gartner stuff we moved over there, and as I just mentioned, previously, both pieces contributed to our acceleration in the first quarter. And so, as GBS accelerates, and again meets the targets we laid out at Investor Day, 75%  we're not going to be able to do that without the former heritage CEB products contributing mightily to that.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Again, I guess, just maybe can you just help clarify then, in GTS, how much of that was the legacy CEB, and what was that growing?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: So, in GTS, it was really a de minimis amount compared to the overall. I think at Investor Day, it was less than $100 million, and that was following the typical CEB contract value trend prior to the acquisition, so declining, but again a very small portion of the GTS portfolio.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then just on the guidance as well to clarify, I think you said you updated that for the lower interest expense as well, right? So, I'm just trying to think the $0.20 reduction in the EPS, I guess, does that factor in that you said or...
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yes, Manav, it does. So, what we factored in is the all-in removal  or all-out removal of all the expenses and revenues and profits related to the Talent Assessment business and the Workforce Surveys business with the corresponding offset or lowering of interest expense as we've used those proceeds to reduce our debt balances.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. All right. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. You talked a couple times about the 20% increase in head count growth in the GBS business. How should we think about growth for the rest of the year in that business going forward? Are you sort of done in terms of ramping up, or is there a little bit more to go?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, Toni, we're going to follow the same path with GBS that we always follow with GTS, which is we've increased our sales head count by 20%. For 2019, we're going to want to grow our sales head count again. And so, we'll start  in fact, we've got the recruiters in place already, and the programs will start recruiting so that a year from now, we'll grow our sales force at GBS. And we haven't finalized the number yet but just thinking double-digit rates so that we can sustain the double-digit growth in contract value over time. If we  as always, if between now and then, productivity isn't improving as we expect or there's some problem like that, we, of course, will slow down and figure out what the problem is  so we're not going to do it just blindly, but with the great productivity numbers we're seeing now and the great acceleration, the path we're on now is that we hire toward the late  think about getting people into training in Q3 and Q4 so they do a lot of territory in Q1 in GBS just like we would always do in GTS.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And, Craig, just given potential for rising interest rates, would you consider hedging some of your floating rate debt just given that there is still a lot of it left?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah, good morning, Toni. Thanks for the question. Yeah. We've actually  if you look at our debt balances, we've got $800 million in high yield, which is fixed at 5.125%, and then we've got $1.4 billion of interest rate swaps to essentially hedge the floating portion of our revolver term loan A and term loan B. And so, as we continue to delever, we've got the vast majority of our debt instruments now essentially locked in with interest rates due to the nature of the instruments and the hedging we put in place.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Excellent. Thanks. Sorry, I missed the $1.4 billion of hedges. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
George Tong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. There's a widespread in sales force productivity between your GTS and GBS segments. When do you expect NCVI per salesperson of GBS to approach GTS levels? And are there any structural barriers such as contract pricing or terms that can impact that convergence?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, George, it's Gene. So, to answer the second part of your question first, which is we expect GTS productivity to continue to improve. So, we're not stopped there. And GBS, as you point out, is half or little less of GTS; we intend to close that gap as quickly as we can. As I said earlier in the call, we really have all the pieces in place to do that, so now it's a matter of our salespeople to be on the learning curve. There's no structural reason why GBS sales productivity shouldn't be at the same level as GTS, and that's certainly what we aspire to over time.
George Tong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. That's helpful. You indicated that some of the margin performance this quarter reflected the timing of certain expenses. Can you quantify this timing and what your remaining investment priorities are for this year?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Good morning, George. Yeah, I think it's less about timing. It just happens to be a lighter-revenue quarter for us, so the margin can be a little more sensitive to our investing. As I mentioned during the SG&A portion of our prepared remarks, the investment profile and investments are kind of right where we expected them to be. We'll continue to make the right investments that we think can drive and support long-term sustainable double-digit growth, but through Q1, we're pretty much on plan with where we thought we were going to be from an investment perspective.
George Tong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie Capital. Please proceed.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good morning. Thank you. The first question is just on cross-selling. You had thrown some statistics around on, and correct me if I'm wrong, 75% of GTS not buying from GBS, 50% of GBS not buying from GTS. Maybe if you could just frame for us, is the customer base buying these products from someone else, or is this going to be a completely new product sale for them, so that they're not buying from anybody right now, and in order to drive cross-selling, this would be essentially net new business?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, in general, when we sell a new individual client, they are not using someone else for another syndicated research service, whether it'd be in technology, in HR, legal, finance, in whatever function. And so, it's really going in and explaining to them a product that they have never bought before and may not understand  in general, don't really understand the value, which is why our sales force is so important is because they go in, they explain the value that the clients can get from it, and we do that, they buy and they renew at high rates. And so, that's really what's going on there. It is a new sale. In terms of the cross-sell, the fact that this is a sale that most people that haven't  that are not  clients haven't used syndicated research, obviously, it's helpful if you're one client and we're selling to the head of HR an HR product, but the CIO doesn't know about syndicated research. If you have the head of HR say, hey, you should try this and do a referral, that's obviously helpful compared to just a plain cold call. And so we have  in just our existing client base, we have a huge opportunity both with GTS selling into clients that are only GBS today, and GBS selling into clients that are only GTS today. I can tell you both sales forces are incredibly excited about the prospect that now they can go into these companies or these functional areas where they may not be buying from Gartner today, but their references from some other part of Gartner that can both help, both refer individual people but also help them to understand the client context, which helps the sales productivity and close rates.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: That's very helpful. And then maybe just to follow up, any color you can give us what you're seeing regionally, North America, Europe? Any changes there? Anything to call out? Any trends there would be helpful.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, I would say that every region in the world is performing kind of, what I would call, in normal terms, meaning that there are companies that have troubles, there are, in some cases, governments that have trouble, but it's kind of a normal selling environment. And again, we know how to sell whether companies are  economies are doing well or not doing well. And we just take whichever approach is needed in those. But, overall, I'd say it's what I'd characterize as a normal selling environment, not super fantastic good, not bad, but kind of normal, and that's true for everywhere around the world. There's no particular region that I would say is particularly better or worse than kind of what I call normal.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, everyone. So, just a quick question on the contract optimization piece, you mentioned that was down 35%, but then you also mentioned the backlog being relatively strong. I just wanted to ask for some color there.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah, Bill. So, our contract optimization business, as, if you've followed Gartner, know that it's pretty lumpy. It could be  it's done on a contingency fee basis, and it could be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. It's a great business, provides a lot of value to clients, but it can be somewhat lumpy compared to most of the rest of our business. And so, that's kind of what's going with that. Our backlog was up 17%...
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: 12% FX-neutral.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: ...yeah, 12% FX-neutral. So, we had great bookings. Most of the backlog, the vast majority of the backlog would be in our labor-based business. It could happen a deal was in contract optimization but mostly it would be our labor-based business. And so, when you look at the backlog, it's saying  in fact, we talking about it in these results, our labor-based business had a very strong Q1, and the backlog is very strong as well, which says that the future looks pretty good too with kind of double-digit rates, which is, obviously, a big step-up from where we've been over the past few years. And contract optimization is fundamentally  has some good  higher some quarters, lower some other quarters.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: I'd also add, Bill, that  and I think you know this, the contract optimization revenues represent typically less than 20% of the segment revenues. So, the bulk of the business is the labor-based business. And as Gene and I both went through, we had a very good labor-based performance in Q1 both from a revenue flow-through perspective, from a bookings perspective, and that translated into the strong backlog position as well.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And one follow-up if I could, I wanted to ask the  to double-check the calculation, the first quarter 2018 constant currency revenue growth, if it were including  or should I say, excluding the divested businesses, just to get a sense for what kind of  what the ongoing organic revenue growth is going to be post the divestitures?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. So, on a combined basis, reported revenue growth, excluding the impact of the divested businesses, would have been 17%. We saw 3 to 4 points of foreign exchange, so think in the 12%, 13% range is the combined revenue growth in Q1, excluding the divested businesses.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed.
Drew Kootman - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Good morning. This is Drew Kootman on for Joe. You mentioned the integration for CEB is mostly complete. Could you remind us where some of the top line synergies are coming from and where you expect them to come from moving forward?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Good morning. In terms of the way we're thinking about the integration and the way we built the business case, it was really about reigniting the growth of the heritage CEB contract value, now, mostly GBS. And the way we were going to do that was by, again, as we went through it at Investor Day, really leveraging the Gartner formula that we know works to grow that type of business, but that's improving the engagement, as Gene talked about earlier, which translates into higher retention rates, which we are seeing, that is increasing sales capacity which we are doing, that is focusing and improving the sales productivity of the GBS sales force, which we are seeing as well. Again, we still have a lot of room to go between the GBS productivity and the GTS productivity, but we're certainly on the right track there. And then, also eliminating or standardizing around what we know to be best practices around contracting terms and things of that nature. And so, we've implemented just about all of those things. We are seeing improved retention rates. We are seeing improved productivity. And we have increased the capacity of the sales force pretty significantly. And that's what, we believe, will be the driver to getting the GBS contract value to grow similar to what we've historically seen for the GTS business.
Drew Kootman - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. And can you go through some of the factors driving the better performance in Events in the last few periods?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. So, Events has been doing great. And there's two pieces of our Events business. One is attendees and the second is our exhibitor sales. Both have been growing at great double-digit rates. On the attendees side, it's really about having the right content and doing great marketing to the events. And so, again, we've got great content from our Research organization. We've got a terrific marketing organization, which has done a really good job of getting that out to our potential attendees, and that's working really well. On the exhibitors' side, as we mentioned, last year we had some problems with open sales territories and we have discovered you sell less in a territory with no salesperson than you do with a salesperson. We've solved that problem now. We have full sales territories and so that's why you're seeing our exhibitor sales back on the track that they  most of the time that's been where Events has been, in a very good spot, good double-digit exhibitor growth. Sales territories are filled. Our sales productivity there is very good. And so both sides of the business are performing as they have generally done in the past.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And I would just add one other point, which is  and Gene referenced this in his prepared remarks around the acquired Evanta business, which upon acquisition was not in the best shape and we've really focused on making sure we fortified that business and got it back on a good growth trajectory. Q1 was a small quarter but very positive, and that is now contributing to growth as well.
Drew Kootman - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you so much. Just wanted to go back to your plans for adding to head count in GBS, I'm just curious, are the type of people that you're looking for adding there different from the type of people that you're recruiting at GTS? And if not, how do you steer them to one division as opposed to the other?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, Jeff, it's two things. One is we have sales forces that sells to smaller companies, mid-size companies and larger companies and there's different kind of expectations. So, someone who comes in and joins us for our sales force is selling to what we call mid to small-sized enterprises, generally, we don't have a specific background in mind in terms of function. We bring them in and they might have an interest in a particular area, if not, we kind of channel them to the place where we have the most need. As you get to larger companies, so if you're selling to the CIO of a Fortune 50 company, they expect the salesperson that's calling on them to have some knowledge about the functional area. It's same for the head of HR, same for the general counsel. And so with our more senior sales force, it would be more likely we want to hire somebody that has some expertise in the functional area in which they've been selling.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. That's helpful. And then shifting gears going forward when you report your historical data, are you going to be excluding the businesses that you've divested or are we going to be comping against, I guess, what that combined company looked like last year?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: So, we're not going to go back and restate prior year. We will attempt to provide enough clarity so that everyone can pull out the appropriate results from the divested businesses. I'm glad you asked, Jeff, to give you a sense, in 2017, these two businesses contributed $223 million worth of revenue and about $47 million of EBITDA. The way to roughly think about it is those were spread roughly evenly over the four quarters. And so, that should help in removing those businesses from what would look like ongoing results for 2017. For 2018 in the first quarter, the divested businesses contributed $54 million in revenue and $8 million in EBITDA. And, again, as you saw, we pulled out from the balance of the year outlook $175 million in revenue and $40 million in EBITDA. So, I apologize, I just threw lots of numbers at all of you, but those are the facts related to the divested businesses.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Appreciate the color. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you. Craig, I think you mentioned in your comments a little bit about the pricing at CEB, but can you remind us where you are in the process of moving to the seat-based pricing model? And at this point, are you seeing any year-to-year increases or what are you doing in terms of pricing year-to-year at CEB?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Good morning, Peter. Thanks. Yeah. I think the way we're approaching it is twofold. So, one is we've eliminated discounting. So, our salespeople no longer sell on price, they are actually selling on value. So, that's one element of the pricing conversation. The other element is in most of the functional areas that we sell to, we've converted from the previous Leadership Council model, which was an enterprise price model to a seat-based model. And the seat-based pricing is very consistent with the way we've historically priced our seat-based products on the heritage Gartner side or now GTS side. So, again, we're going at pricing in two ways: one, eliminating the discounting; and, two, converting people over to seat-based pricing that looks a lot like the way Gartner has always priced their seat-based products.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: So, Craig, eliminating the discounting, I would think, would translate into a fairly significant year-to-year effect to price increase, is that correct?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: So, Peter, the one nuance there is that when we say eliminate discounting  I'm sorry, I should have been clearer on this, that is on new sales. So, if there is a client who has a discounted Leadership Council, we are not forcing them to migrate to a different product, and we are not forcing them to significantly uplift our price. We have found in our experience that clients don't like when we do that to them, and so if they are happy with what they have, with the pricing they have, we are happy to renew them with a roughly 3% increase and continue to take their money year after year, and again and provide value to them. So, the non-discounting comment really refers to new business sales.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. Understood. Thank you. And then, Craig, one other thing, on the SG&A cost, can you give us any more granularity in terms of the composition of costs, and what you're seeing in different components of SG&A costs?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Sure. Happy to. I think the year-over-year compare is really messy because of when the combination took place. If you look at it sequentially, we're up about $20 million in SG&A costs from Q4 2017 to Q1 2018 in FX-neutral terms. The bulk of that increase relates to the more selling capacity, particularly the significant jolt, as we've talked about, that we've put into the GBS sales force with that 20% net head count growth.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: This now concludes the Q&A portion for today's call. I would now like to turn the call back over to Gene Hall for any closing remarks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. So, summarizing, we had a very strong Q1, and our future at Gartner is the brightest ever. We provide incredible value by helping our more than 15,000 enterprise clients with their most important initiatives. The combination of Gartner and CEB allows us to address every role across the enterprise, which gives us a huge unpenetrated market opportunity. We've largely completed the CEB integration. We know the right things to do to drive sustained, profitable double-digit growth, which we call the Gartner formula. Our business economics allow us to drive strong double-digit growth in all our key metrics, including cash flow, and we have an incredibly talented team across the business. I want to thank you for joining us today, and I look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-06 08:00:00) =====
Executives: David Cohen - Gartner, Inc. Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc. Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.
Analysts: Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Kayvan Rahbar - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Mike Reid - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States) George Tong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to Gartner's Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the call over to Gartner's GVP of Investor Relations, David Cohen. Mr. Cohen, please go ahead.
David Cohen - Gartner, Inc.: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for Gartner's fourth quarter 2017 earnings call. With me today are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer; and Craig Safian, Chief Financial Officer. This call will include a discussion of fourth quarter and full year 2017 financial results and our outlook for 2018 as disclosed in today's press release. Following comments by Gene and Craig, we will open up the call for your questions. In addition to today's press release, we have provided an accompanying presentation as a reference for investors and analysts, which we will reference during our prepared remarks. Both the press release and the presentation are available on our website, investor.gartner.com. On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to revenue and contribution margin are for adjusted revenue and adjusted contribution margin, which exclude the deferred revenue purchase accounting adjustment. All references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, with the adjustments as described in our earnings release. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Now, I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Welcome to our quarterly earnings call. Thanks for joining us. 2017 was a great year for Gartner. We had strong operating results. We closed and largely integrated CEB, we acquired L2, and we took steps to support future growth. I continue to be excited about our business, our prospects for growth, and our strategy to create value for our shareholders over the long-term. I'll begin with an update on the CEB acquisition which has gone extraordinarily well. We announced our acquisition of CEB in January 2017. There's uncertainty as to the time required for due diligence, arranging financing and the required regulatory approvals. Based on typical timelines, we laid out a plan for closing the acquisition. We satisfied all the requirements and closed the CEB acquisition in early April, much faster than typical for this size deal. There's also uncertainty as to how fast we could proceed with integrating CEB into Gartner. For due diligence, we determined that we would be able to pursue an extremely aggressive timeline for integrating CEB and preparing for accelerated growth. Once the acquisition closed, we pursued this aggressive integration. As of today, we have fully integrated the two organizations. This is no simple task as it involved integrating about 5,000 heritage CEB associates with about 10,000 heritage Gartner associates. The two research organizations have been integrated. The product teams are integrated. The heritage CEB destination events and Evanta businesses have been integrated into the heritage Gartner Events business and the staff functions such as HR, finance and IT have been integrated. We have met our expectations on capturing synergies. We determined the Talent Assessment did not fit strategically, set it up as a standalone business, and have reached an agreement to sell the business. We've also accelerated the investments needed to drive future growth in the heritage CEB research and advisory business. We developed a new set of products. We introduced improved commercial terms, restricting customer service, improving retention. For the first time in recent CEB history, we accelerated hiring. As of today, we've grown our heritage CEB sales territories by approximately 18% year-over-year. We expanded our sales support positions by more than 20%. All these actions were in a much faster timeline than we anticipated when we announced the transaction. And they're already having an impact. Heritage CEB contract value grew 2% in 2017, significantly faster than in recent years. And wallet retention improved by 6 percentage points, a remarkable improvement in a single year. We acquired CEB for the strategic value of being able to address all functions across the enterprise and best of both operational approaches. The rapid closing, aggressive integration timeline, and accelerated growth investments, together with our initial operating results, give us a high degree of confidence that we are well on the way to achieving our strategic objectives and delivering consistent double-digit growth over the long-term. In short, the CEB acquisition is proceeding ahead of our initial expectations. While we're making great progress on CEB, the heritage Gartner Research business had its best year ever. Contract value growth accelerated to 16%. Once again, we had double-digit growth in every region across every size company and in virtually every industry. Wallet retention was 106%, up 1 percentage point year-over-year; and client retention was 84%, also up 1 percentage point year-over-year. These are near our all-time highs. We ended the year with almost 12,000 enterprises as clients, up 7% year-over-year. Our sales force continues to be a critical investment. At the end of Q4, the heritage Gartner sales force grew 16% year-over-year. We identified and hired a large number of highly qualified sales people, allowing us to reduce our number of open sales territories to near record low levels. And this provides a great foundation for future growth. Growing sales productivity remains a top priority for us. Over the past few years, we've implemented a number of programs to improve sales productivity. Those actions are working. We drove another consecutive quarter of sales productivity improvement. Sales productivity for Q4 2017 improved 15% organically over the same quarter last year. And looking forward, our sales pipeline is strong. Gartner Events allows our clients to interact in person with our analyst and their peers. Revenues for the heritage Gartner Events business grew 10% during 2017. Our attendees grew 17% and we hosted more than 10,000 CIOs for the first time. Not everything went perfectly. We continue to have higher level of open territories in our exhibitor sales force which impacted our revenues from exhibitors. We believe these are now addressed and our forward bookings for 2018 are up at double-digit rates. Gartner Consulting extends the value of our research, providing in-depth expertise on longer-term engagements. Our Consulting business grew 3% during 2017 which is below our expectations. We experienced a higher than usual turnover at Managing Partners in selected regions which impacted our bookings and revenues. Our Contract Optimization business had a solid year overall, but underperformed our expectations in Q4. Looking forward, we ended the year with a backlog of 9%, position us well for 2018. As we discussed in the past, the Talent Assessment business does not fit strategically with the rest of Gartner. As a result, we announced today that we've reached an agreement to sell our Talent Assessment business. While not a strategic fit with Gartner, Talent Assessment is a leader in an attractive market and this change will ensure a bright future for this business. During 2017, Talent Assessment underperformed our expectations. This was primarily due to an unusually large number of open sales territories from when the business was acquired. We largely filled those territories. With a full sales complement and exciting new products, we believe the business is well-positioned for the future. So summarizing, the heritage Gartner Research business had its best year ever with accelerated contract value growth, higher retention and improved sales productivity. Heritage Gartner Events had strong attendance, exhibitor sales that were below our expectations and a strong forward exhibitor bookings. Consulting, 2017 revenues were below our expectations but ended with a strong backlog. We acquired CEB for the strong strategic benefits of extending our market to all functions across the enterprise and to enable best of both operational approaches. The rapid closing, aggressive integration timeline and accelerated growth investments, together with our initial operating results, give us a high degree of confidence that we are well on the way to achieving our strategic objectives and delivering consistent double-digit growth over the long-term. I'll now hand the call over to Craig Safian, our Chief Financial Officer.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. 2017 was an exciting year for Gartner. The heritage Gartner business remains an amazing one, driving consistent, double-digit growth, while delivering tremendous value to our clients around the world. We're addressing our vast market opportunity by building on the compelling client value proposition, focusing on strong operational execution and investing for future growth. During the year, we acquired CEB and L2, creating a much broader addressable market and giving us the ability to provide even more value to our clients. While we're still early in the transformation of CEB, we have made meaningful progress, which we will discuss today and in more detail at our Investor Day next week. On an FX neutral basis, our year-over-year financial performance for 2017 included; total company revenue growth of 35%, heritage Gartner Research revenue growth of 16%, adjusted EBITDA growth of 42%, and diluted adjusted EPS, excluding acquisition adjustments and a non-recurring tax benefit, of $3.31 per share, or 12% growth. On a combined rolling four quarter basis, free cash flow conversion was 112% of adjusted net income. We continue to see robust demand for our services across the globe. During the fourth quarter, we saw an acceleration in our contract value growth, along with sequential and year-over-year improvements in our retention metrics and sales productivity. And as our 2018 outlook demonstrates, we expect to deliver another year of double-digit revenue and EBITDA growth with strong cash flow generation. Fourth quarter combined adjusted revenue was $1.1 billion, up 11%. This reflected 15% growth for the heritage Gartner business and a 1% decline for the acquired CEB business. The deferred revenue purchase accounting adjustment in the quarter was $50 million. Also, in the fourth quarter, we delivered adjusted EBITDA of $221 million and adjusted diluted EPS of $1.17 per share. Research had a very strong quarter, accelerating across the board with sequential and year-over-year improvements to contract value growth, retention and sales productivity. On a combined basis, Research adjusted revenue grew 14% in the fourth quarter. The adjusted gross contribution margin for Research was 69%, consistent with the fourth quarter of 2016 on a comparable basis. In the heritage Gartner Research business, adjusted revenues increased by 19% in the fourth quarter. Excluding CEB and L2, which we acquired in March 2017, heritage Gartner Research adjusted revenues grew 15% on an FX neutral basis in Q4. For the full year 2017, combined Research revenues increased by 12% or 16% excluding the addition of CEB. On a full year basis, the 2017 adjusted gross contribution margin for Research was 69%, consistent when compared to the full year 2016. Our other metrics for the heritage Gartner Research business all improved in Q4 and remained very strong. Total heritage Gartner contract value was $2.2 billion at the end of 2017, FX neutral growth of 16% versus the prior year, including a one-point benefit from the inclusion of L2. This is an improvement from the strong growth we delivered in the third quarter. For reference, our Q4 2016 total contract value for heritage Gartner at current year FX rates was $1.9 billion. Total contract value growth for heritage Gartner Research accelerated 110 basis points from the third quarter of 2017. From a heritage Gartner Research perspective, client retention was 84%, up 70 basis points versus the fourth quarter of 2016 and 70 basis points on a sequential basis as well. Wallet retention ended at 106% for the quarter, up by 125 basis points year-over-year and 120 basis points sequentially. Both retention figures are at two-year highs and close to our all-time highs. New business growth for heritage Gartner Research was outstanding in the fourth quarter, up 23% year-on-year, our highest reported growth rate since 2011. The new business mix was consistent with prior quarters and remains balanced between new clients, sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. And, as always, we also benefited from our annual price increases. Our new business growth reflects our success in penetrating our vast addressable market with both new and existing client enterprises. We ended the fourth quarter with 11,904 enterprise clients, up 7% compared to Q4 of 2016. The average spend per enterprise also continues to grow. It now stands at $186,000 per enterprise, up 8% versus the prior year on an FX neutral basis. This continued and consistent increase in average spend reflects our ability to drive CV growth through both new and existing enterprises. Our investments to improve sales force productivity continue to pay off as organic sales force productivity was up again this quarter. For the heritage Gartner sales force, over the last rolling four quarters, we delivered $281 million of organic FX net contract value increase or NCVI. This excludes the impact of the L2 acquisition. When divided by our beginning period head count, which was 2,423 quota-bearing heads, our rolling four quarter organic productivity per account executive was $116,000. Excluding the impact of the L2 acquisition, sales productivity was up 15% year-on-year and up 10% sequentially. As always, we are focused on continuous improvements in recruiting, training and tools to support higher sales productivity, a key driver of our short and long-term results. CEB Research adjusted revenues were down 1% year-on-year in Q4, roughly consistent with the performance since the acquisition. We saw many positives with CEB's other research metrics in the quarter. We ended Q4 with $557 million of heritage CEB Research contract value, up 1.5% (sic) [2%] on a year-over-year basis. In addition, wallet retention ended the quarter at 96%, up 300 basis points compared to the third quarter. The non-technology areas at CEB accelerated to 3% year-over-year CV growth. This is a notable contrast to the historical trend in 2015 and 2016 at CEB prior to our acquisition of the business. To summarize our Research performance for the quarter, heritage Gartner organic contract value growth accelerated to 15% in the fourth quarter, spurred by new business, sequential improvements to productivity and both client and wallet retention. And heritage CEB contract value growth also improved to 1.5%, fueled by improvements to wallet retention. In Events, combined adjusted revenues increased by 5% year-on-year in Q4. Events fourth quarter gross contribution margin was 51%, down by approximately 300 basis points compared to the year-ago quarter. Revenues and margins in the fourth quarter were impacted by softness in exhibitor revenues related to open territories, as Gene mentioned. We've entered 2018 with a significant improvement in our advanced bookings and a significant reduction in our open territories. CEB Events revenue declined 5% year-over-year. Q4 heritage Gartner Events revenue grew 7% year-on-year, driven by an 8% increase in same event revenues, partially offset by softer performance in exhibitor revenue. We continue to see solid performance in attendees, reporting a 12% increase in same event attendees. FX had a roughly 2 point benefit to our heritage Gartner Events reported revenues in the fourth quarter. On a full year combined basis, Events adjusted revenue increased by 10% in 2017 and its adjusted gross margin contribution of 49% was down 330 basis points compared to 2016. Fourth quarter Consulting revenues increased by 5% on a reported basis and increased 3% on an FX neutral basis. In the labor-based business, revenues increased 12% versus Q4 of last year, while the Contract Optimization business was down 21%. On the labor-based side, billable head count of 682 was up 8%; and we had 137 Managing Partners at the end of Q4, an 11% increase over the year-ago quarter. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our Consulting business, ended the quarter at $95 million, up 7% year-on-year and 9% in FX neutral terms. Consulting gross contribution margin was 26% in the fourth quarter. For the full year, Consulting revenue increased by 3% in 2017 and its gross contribution margin of 29% was up 50 basis points compared to 2016. Adjusted revenue in the Talent Assessment & Other segment increased by 2% compared to the year-ago quarter. As you saw in today's press release, we signed a definitive agreement to divest the biggest part of the Talent Assessment & Other segment following a strategic review. The purchase price is $400 million and we expect to close in the first half of the year. For the full year 2017, the business we are divesting had revenues of about $200 million and EBITDA of about $38 million. Assuming we use the proceeds to pay down debt, we anticipate adjusted earnings per share dilution of about $0.17 for 2018 on a full year basis. The actual impact will depend on the timing of the deal closing. On a combined basis, SG&A increased by 17% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. FX had a roughly 1 to 2 point negative impact. We continue to invest in growing sales capacity and sales support areas such as recruiting, technology, facilities and other areas to support our strategy of delivering sustained, double-digit growth over the long-term. Our sales force continues to be our largest investment. And at the end of the fourth quarter, the heritage Gartner business had 2,807 quota-bearing sales associates. This is an increase of 384 or 16% from a year ago. As we discussed with you last quarter, we have been able to reduce the level of open territories, which should help us as we move into 2018. The acquisition of CEB added more than 500 frontline quota-bearing research sales associates. We've been focused on filling open territories and our growing sales head count. Going forward, we will leverage our proven best practices around recruiting, training and tools to drive accelerated CV growth and improved productivity. As you analyze SG&A results, please also remember that there is normally a large seasonal increase in our expenses in Q4 as we are supporting our largest global events as well as our busiest sales quarter. Additionally, in Q4 2017, we incurred about $13 million of non-recurring expenses which are adjusted out of EBITDA. Separately, we had incremental incentive expenses related to our strong selling finish to the year. With cost synergies, we are on plan. As we discussed in the past quarters, and as Gene just detailed, we are also investing in areas that we believe will drive long-term growth for both the heritage CEB and heritage Gartner businesses. The benefits of some of these investments will yield returns over the next several quarters. Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $221 million. On a combined year-over-year basis, adjusted EBITDA grew 2% with strong revenue growth partially offset by three primary factors: first, continued underperformance of the Talent Assessment business; second, we performed below our expectations with high-margin exhibitor and contract optimization revenues; and third, higher SG&A costs, as just discussed. Depreciation charges increased year-over-year in the quarter, predominantly reflecting the addition of CEB, while amortization and integration charges were up significantly, again related to the transaction. Interest expense in the quarter was $36 million, up from $6 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. The full year interest expense was $125 million, up from $25 million in 2016. The higher interest expense relates to additional debt used to fund the CEB acquisition. Again, I'll note that we took on the debt early in the second quarter as the acquisition closed. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has significant impact on both our Q4 and full year effective tax rate. In Q4, we benefited from revaluing our net U.S. deferred tax liabilities at the lower corporate tax rate and utilization of some foreign tax credits. This was partially offset by the one-time transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings. The net benefit to our P&L in Q4 from tax reform was $60 million or $0.65 per share. We have normalized this benefit out of adjusted EPS. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter and full year, excluding the one-time net benefit, was 32.8% and 30.4%, respectively. I'll discuss the 2018 benefits of tax reform during the guidance section of today's call. Adjusted EPS in Q4 was $1.17, excluding the tax law change benefit of $0.65 in the quarter. Our adjusted EPS result for Q4 is about $0.08 short of the low end of our previous guidance and $0.14 below the midpoint. The primary driver was the EBITDA performance I just detailed. This was partially offset by a combination of lower equity compensation expense, a lower adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter, and a few other below-the-line benefits. In Q4, operating cash flow was $22 million compared to $83 million for stand-alone Gartner in the year-ago quarter. Our combined operating cash flow decreased 81% year-over-year. Q4 operating cash flow includes significant acquisition and integration payments, which we adjust out for our free cash flow calculation. Q4 2017 CapEx was $35 million and Q4 cash acquisition and integration payments and other non-recurring items were approximately $27 million. This yields Q4 free cash flow of $14 million. The decrease versus the prior year is due to the higher interest and CapEx. Additionally, there was a one-time $40 million impact from the timing of billings. As part of the integration, we moved clients from the CEB billing platform to Gartner's. This resulted in temporary delays in sending out invoices. We expect this impact to reverse in the first half of 2018. Relative to the approximately $3.6 billion of gross debt we had as a result of the acquisition, we have repaid more than $300 million by the end of Q4 with a quarter ending gross debt level of approximately $3.3 billion. From a net debt perspective, we had $2.8 billion at the end of Q4, which translates to approximately 4 times leverage on a combined last 12 months of adjusted EBITDA. Given the favorable cash flow characteristics of the combined company, the repatriation benefits of U.S. tax reform and recent debt repayments, we're tracking ahead of schedule on delevering to reach our long-term leverage target of approximately 3 times gross leverage. In January of this year, we repatriated around $250 million which we used to pay down debt. This is factored into our interest expense guidance for 2018. As mentioned earlier, we intend to use the proceeds from the divestiture of the Talent Assessment business to pay down additional debt. Once that transaction closes, we will update you on the impact to our guidance. Turning now to guidance. For 2018, we expect adjusted revenues of approximately $4.1 billion to $4.2 billion. This reflects growth of 10% to 13% on a combined 2017 revenue. For Research, we expect combined adjusted revenues of between $3.10 billion and $3.15 billion. This reflects combined reported growth of 12% to 14%, supported by the very strong contract value growth we just delivered. For Consulting, we expect revenues of between $340 million and $355 million. This reflects growth of 4% to 8%. For Events, we expect adjusted revenues of between $380 million and $400 million. This reflects growth of 10% to 16% on a combined basis. And for TA & Other, we expect adjusted revenue of between $285 million and $305 million. The signed divestiture agreement is not reflected in this guidance. After the deal closes, we will update the guidance. For 2018, we expect adjusted EBITDA of $750 million to $800 million. This reflects growth of 8% to 15% on a combined basis. For our adjusted tax rate, our best estimate based on our current understanding of the new tax law is an effective adjusted rate of around 26%. We estimate the benefit of our lower rate at around $0.25 per share on 2018 earnings. However, there is still a fair amount of uncertainty around the implications of the law. Finally, our EPS guidance is based on a weighted average fully diluted share count of approximately 93 million shares for the full year of 2018. Putting that all together, we expect full year 2018 adjusted EPS of between $3.71 and $4.11 per share. On a reported basis, that's 12% to 24% growth. Had we owned CEB for all of 2017, the 2018 adjusted EPS growth would be over 300 basis points higher. For free cash flow in 2018, we expect free cash flow of $451 million to $491 million. At the midpoint, the conversion from adjusted net income is about 130%. For the first quarter of 2018, we expect GAAP EPS between negative $0.44 and negative $0.40 per share. This includes approximately $1 per share of non-GAAP adjustments, predominantly related to acquisition charges. Therefore, on an adjusted basis, we expect EPS of between $0.56 and $0.60. All of the details of our guidance are available in the presentation available on the Gartner Investor website. 2017 was a pivotal year in the Gartner journey. We delivered outstanding performance in the heritage Gardner Research business, with strong top line growth and some of the best operational metrics we have posted in many years. We acquired CEB and L2 and have been executing ahead of plan on the integration, cost synergies, and investments to support future revenue growth. We subsequently signed an agreement to divest the non-core business and have positioned ourselves for a strong 2018, a year in which we expect to drive double-digit top and bottom line growth and further strengthen our balance sheet. Now, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler, Baird. Please proceed.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. So, I guess, an order of magnitude question on the margins and the margin headwinds. Fully get that you're investing to support growth and obviously see it in the key metrics. But I guess what I'm wondering is just given the 2018 implied margin guidance, is there anything else in terms of like wage inflation picking up or paying people more because of the tax savings or anything along those lines. Or is this like, I guess, a one-time step-up as you accelerate head count growth and then 2019 there should be better margin flowing through?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, Jeff. So, on the opening part of your question, from a planning perspective related to wages and things of that nature, it looks very much like we've seen in previous years, so really no change to report there. In terms of the margins, you're spot on. We are investing to support and drive future revenue growth. And as you followed us for many years, that's been our strategy. You can see it bearing out on the heritage Gartner Research side with our productivity accelerating, contract value growth accelerating, et cetera. And, again, our plan is on the CEB side to make sure that we are fortifying that business appropriately and also, as Gene mentioned, investing to drive future growth. So, the way we're thinking about it is this is a growth game and we are investing to make sure that we can drive sustainable, long-term, double-digit top line growth.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And I guess with the growth synergies on plan, you're investing more sooner. Is it a timing issue and you still expect to realize the net OpEx synergies from the deal at some point or is there a change in the targeted net OpEx synergy realization figure?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Hey, Jeff. It's Gene. I'll answer the first part of the question which is, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, both the acquisition close and the acquisition integration has gone much faster than we had originally planned for. We had kind of a middle-of-the-road plan and we wanted to be aggressive and it turned out we could be aggressive both with the closing and also with the initial integration. And so, we're much further ahead than we had in our original plan. Because of that, we pulled forward some growth investments that we might have made 6 or 12 months down the road, because we believe that that will allow growth to accelerate faster as well. So, fundamentally, what's going on is, we went faster than we had originally expected on both closing and integration. That allowed us to pull these growth investments forward, things like increase the number of salespeople, increasing sales support, increasing customer service, new products that we've developed, closing open roles like with Evanta, for example. All those things are things that are going to have great payoff in growth and that we believe that growth moving forward.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And then, Jeff  go ahead.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I just was going to finally ask, on cash flow, I understand the premium over adjusted net income as growth rate dependent and you're at the front end of hopefully accelerating the CEB growth. But if I ex out the $40 million timing hit to 2017, which I would think is a benefit to 2018, it looks like the free cash flow premium is quite a bit lower than historically Gartner generated. So, any reason why you can't get back to like 140%, 150% premium over adjusted net income over time?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: That's a great question, Jeff. And I think you're spot on in your upfront assertion. It really does have to do with reaccelerating the contract value growth at heritage CEB. And once we do that, there is no reason why the overall conversion of adjusted net income to free cash flow can't be similar to what Gartner looked like prior to the acquisition. So, that is absolutely the goal. And, fundamentally, the business model supports that.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee, RBC. Please proceed.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, guys. So, it's an interesting result because the revenue and all the operating metrics look terrific. And yet, the SG&A spend and the acceleration there in the margins being hurt by that all are a lot worse than anyone expected. I guess a two-part question from me. So, clearly, with the guidance, you're not going to achieve the double-digit accretion bogey that you set out when you announced the CEB acquisition. So, help us think through just how you think about in investing relative to delivery of profits. And really the second part of that is, why be so aggressive with CEB? The 18% sales head count growth is like almost double the CV target that you've laid out for that business. It just seems like you've gone so aggressively that you're pushing out profits quite a while, and I'm trying to understand how you think about those two things. Thank you.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Let me start with the second one first, Gary. As you know historically with the Gartner sales force, we determined how fast to expand the sales force based on assessing each individual first-level manager and what their capability was to absorb growth. What we did is the same thing on the CEB side. And so, we went through and looked at what's the capability of having more salespeople with each of the individual area managers and with the total number of area managers we had. And that's how we got the number of sales territories that we had. So, we think it's operationally feasible. And, for sure, as you know, the thing that has driven our growth over time is making sure the sales capacity to actually address this enormous market opportunity that we have. So, that's why we have  so we've set the growth rate based on what we believe is operationally feasible. Again, as we go forward, if we see that that's too fast or too slow, we'll adjust based on our actual results. And, again, in terms of the issue with our business, you hire the salespeople. They start selling. They sell things. They get contract value and then it turns into revenue. Now, for the other part of the question, go ahead.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yes. Thank you and good morning, Gary. So, I guess, some context around the double-digit accretion question, and how we'll actually measure success. So, just from a starting point, CEB, the acquired business, great research, great products, great content, great methodologies, and the combination of Gartner and CEB is unequivocally better than either company would have been alone. One of the things we have learned though is that  and you knew this, too, from following them that they had underinvested significantly in particularly areas that actually we know drive future growth. Since making the acquisition and actually getting in there, we've learned really two critical things. One, the strategic rationale for the acquisition is actually even more compelling than we thought. And two, there are actually more operational areas that needed fixing and significant underinvestment in areas that we know drive retention and growth. And when we entered into the deal  and, again, this was January of 2017 when we announced, we couldn't be certain around how long it would take us to close, how long it would take us to integrate. As Gene mentioned, we closed quicker than expected and are executing ahead of our plan on the integration. And so, those things were going really well, and that allowed us to do two things: one, actually start addressing the operational issues sooner or more quickly; and two, pull forward growth investments more aggressively with a higher degree of confidence. And so, where we are today is we understand the operational issues. We know how to fix them. We're fixing them and making really good progress on that. We've also moved to significantly simplify the business. And, obviously, the announcement on the divestiture of the CEB Talent Assessment business is a big step towards simplification. And so, the transaction or the net result is  the transaction is still accretive in 2017 and 2018, although less than we originally thought of. But our view is we've made the right trade-off for investors because we get to have a much stronger, better positioned business sooner than we otherwise would have. And then, the other thing I'd say, just to kind of close, is we now have an even higher conviction in our ability to deliver that double-digit CV growth in 2020 than we did when we announced the deal.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks. If I could ask just one much quicker follow-up. You mentioned some investments to fortify places they'd underinvested, but, obviously, the sales head count is really proactive investment for growth. Can you give us a sense how much is in each bucket and what's the timeline for that CV to accelerate? It seems to me it's got to be a lot faster than 2020, given how aggressively you've done the integration and hired the sales head. Thank you very much.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah, Gary, I guess two things. One is on the fortifying areas I can give you a couple of examples. Probably the most notable one that has an impact or had an impact on their results were open territories. And so, when we acquired the business, there were significant amount of open territories in the Talent Assessment business, significant amount of open territories in the heritage CEB Research business, frontline sellers and a significant amount of open territories in all the sales support functions, to name a few. And, obviously, we know this from fact. You sell less when you have open territories and when you actually have people in the territory. And so, those are some examples of fortification of the core. In terms of the goals for the future, we're not adjusting that long-term expectation. That said, as I just mentioned and I think as Gene mentioned in his prepared remarks, all the things we're doing are to drive a stronger business that can grow faster and potentially sooner. We're still targeting that 2020 date for double-digit contract value growth, but we're putting in place all the things that should allow us to grow this business really, really fast, have a lot of strength, and set us up for future, sustained, double-digit growth.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Tim McHugh, William Blair. Please proceed.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks. Just a follow-up on the margin question. I guess to ask in a little different way, I guess, you commented before that CEB essentially kind of was over-earning and had underinvested in a few areas. When we look at the 2018 margins, as you think about kind of given what you now know about CEB and the overall company, I guess, what I'd like to try and understand. Are we under-earning here in this year given the margins? And in other words, I guess, are your margins depressed more so than normal or as we look at this 2018 outlook, is this more consistent with kind of the long-term margin structure as you see what's necessary to grow the kind of combined business?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Hey, Tim. Good morning. I'd say it's a little bit of both if you think about it. And so, as you know, our business model around hiring new salespeople, there is a lag in terms of the performance they deliver. And we've gone through this over the years where it takes a few years for a new salesperson to get up to "full productivity." And what that means is, in year one, we're paying full cost, but they're delivering half the productivity. In year two, we're paying full cost, but they're not delivering all the productivity. And then, by year three, they look like a normal tenured salesperson. And so, what you're seeing on the CEB side a little bit in 2018 is we've got the full cost of the territory expansion, but very little benefit baked into the P&L because it's a subscription-based model. Even if they sell a lot of stuff, it will likely be weighted to the back end of the year, therefore, not really flowing through from a revenue perspective in 2018. And then, we start seeing the benefit in 2019, et cetera. That said, what Gartner has done is we've got that virtuous cycle, if you will, of we're hiring new sales people, they graduate in tenure, but because we're about the long-term play here and driving sustained double-digit growth, we continue to invest in new people who then come in as new salespeople and then graduate into the tenure band and get more productive over time.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: And, Tim, it's Gene. In addition to that, for the heritage CEB salespeople, there were some differences in how they sold. So they use discount heavily and we don't use discounting. They sold enterprise agreements and we sell seat-based products. Their content of the products is different than it was before. And so, even the existing CEB salespeople, in the short-term, have got to learn different skills to be able to be as effective as they will be when they  or get up to speed on these. We're hoping that's a few months, but it definitely takes time to do that. And so, it's a combination of both the transition the existing heritage CEB salespeople have to do to this new world which we're well along and the all good leading (00:46:07) indicators are good, but we're not there yet. Combined with when we hire new salespeople, it takes a little bit of time for them to get up to speed.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then just on the exhibitors, can you  just to ask a different topic here. The open sales territories there, I guess that was something you had talked about a while ago. Is it just harder to find salespeople or what was the issue? I guess why were the territories opened than you expected?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. Great question. So, what happened is we had very, very, very low turnover in our exhibitor sales force over a long period of time. We then had a surge. And it's a combination of things that just happened all at the same time, different careers, performance, whatever. It all happened at the same time. We didn't have enough recruiting capacity to match all the open territories we had. So, basically, it took a little while to get to speed. We now have the recruiting capacity to deal with that. We have the territories filled and there's two very good things looking forward to the business. The first is that our advance bookings for 2018  in other words, the exhibitor bookings in  that will be realized in  the revenues will be realized in 2018, the bookings for those were up at substantial double-digit rates in 2017. So, we'll see those revenues. So, we go into 2018 with a great, call it, backlog of exhibitor bookings. And then, secondly, our  and this is important as well. Our attendees last year, as I mentioned in my remarks, were up 17% year-over-year which is an acceleration of tax equated attendee performance, and exhibitor revenues follow attendee revenues. When attendees are growing, exhibitors want to exhibit those events. When attendees aren't going to do, that's when they are declining, exhibitors don't like so much going to those events. And so, I think the combination of  we have the recruiting capacity. The territories are filled. Our advance bookings are up substantially. And the fact that the growth in attendees drive future exhibitor revenues gives us confidence that we're in a good track for 2018 and beyond with our events business.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik, Barclays. Please proceed.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, guys. First question, just on free cash flow again. I think you said the conversion in 2018 would be 130% after backing out those charges, so just a two-part question. One, like once you sell TA, I guess, does that automatically help that conversion I would think? And then, the $126 million of charges that you have in 2018 like maybe just some color on how that breaks down. It sounds pretty similar to the 2017 number.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. Sure. Good morning, Manav. So, just a clarifying point. So, the 130% was just taking the 2018 free cash flow guidance midpoint over our adjusted net income free cash flow guidance. If you back out the $40 million reversal, if you will, it's closer to 120% conversion, just to clarify. In terms of the charges, there is a run out of charges, as you'd expect with a large transaction. There is the timing of retention bonuses, when people actually exit the business and get paid severance. We've got charges in there related to the decoupling of the Talent Assessment business. And so, while it looks like roughly the same level of cash on a year-over-year basis, it makes sense and again is related to carryover from stuff from the CEB deal and then a lot of stuff related to the Talent Assessment divestiture as well.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Is it fair to assume though that the TA pulls down that conversion? So, like once you sell it, it should help improve that?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. It's a great point. Absolutely. And I think the interesting thing  and we'll re-run all these numbers once we close the deal  but, obviously, with that roughly $200 million of TA revenue no longer a part of Gartner, it makes the subscription-based portion of the business an even larger piece of the pie. And you're 100% right. That will help the free cash flow conversion rate on a go-forward basis.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then, Gene, earlier, you talked about all the new products in commercial terms and the success you've seen there. I was hoping you could just elaborate a little bit more on maybe some anecdotal points and like how far you are along in that transition to the commercial terms and how many new products more you have in the pipeline and so forth?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. Great question. So, in terms of the commercial terms, we introduced the new commercial terms last year. So, all of our salespeople, 100% of the Gartner and CEB salespeople have been selling on the new commercial terms since last year. So, we're well on the way there. And again, some people have switched immediately and are doing great. Others have to learn and it's a different talk track, answering questions like why you can't get a discount (00:51:32) and why you can't get an enterprise group, things like that. But everyone's been doing that and I feel like we're making great progress on that. In terms of new products, all the new products have been developed. We introduced a few of them last year. A lot have been introduced in January and the last ones will be  we're going to continue  we'll have  continues to do product development, but of the combined Gartner plus CEB content with a seat-based product in the first half we will have most of those out. Now, we're going to continue innovating because, as you know, on the Gartner side, we have products for the C-level, a different product for  that reports to the C-level, et cetera. And over time, we'll be rolling those kinds of products out as well throughout each of the CEB or the heritage CEB roles like HR, finance, et cetera.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Anjaneya Singh, Gartner (sic) [Credit Suisse]. Please proceed.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Follow-up on the margins. Ask another way, have you guys fully captured the investments that may be required at CEB? It seems in the three quarters you've reported since acquiring the business you've had three negative EBITDA surprises. And I realize it's not all attributable to CEB, but fiscal 2018 is also well below EBITDA expectations. So, how confident are you that you've identified the speed bumps, et cetera, that you've spoken to in the past? Thanks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, Anj, what I would say first is that we had CEB advantage where we understand what the economics are and what the business is going to be like. And, over time, there's no reason  in fact, it's our expectation that the economics would be very similar to what Gartner was before we acquired CEB. And so, there's some upfront investments which we've talked about in the call and other times. But, over time, there's no reason margin shouldn't be very comparable to what we've done with Gartner over time.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And, Anj, I would just add. In terms of the speed bumps, for lack of a better term, a lot of the downside we saw over the course of the year related to the Talent Assessment business and as we got in there and really analyzed it, there were a number of things that were causing that, most notably a significant amount of open territories. And so, we did invest to fortify that, fill open territories. If you look at bookings performance on that business, it was definitely better in the second half of 2017 than it was in the first half of 2017, and we got that out of the way. And, again, now, once we close that deal, that will no longer be a part of the overall Gartner business. The other thing I'd mention is just in pulling out the TA business, when it does happen, essentially it's been a low growth to no growth, declining-type business. And, obviously, with it coming out, just the raw Gartner growth rates will improve by 50 or 60 basis points on a comparable basis, and that will obviously help us on a go-forward basis as well. The other areas where we've seen those speed bumps, again, we've seen lots of positive signs after we've identified, assessed, and fixed them, whether it'd be around retention rates which again we've seen improving over the course of the year, whether it's around the performance from a bookings perspective on the Evanta business, in terms of their advance bookings and things of that nature. So, I think we feel good that now with essentially nine or 10 months of CEB under our belt operationally, we've identified all the problem areas. We've actually addressed them as well and should be operating from firmer ground on a go-forward basis.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And as a follow-up, maybe I missed it in your prepared remarks, but what sort of CEB growth is implied in your 2018 guidance? And if you could just help us with what you're seeing as being most instrumental in the acceleration of the CEB growth we saw at CEB this quarter, has it been the contract term is changing, the investments in sales force, or the new products? Thanks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Let me get to the second part first. So, the reason that we saw the acceleration, they were in the negative growth category for quite a period of time, and we see that uptick. The biggest issue has been the six-point improvement in retention I talked about which is an enormous amount in one year. And that's due to change in operational practices in terms of instituting some of the practices that you know so well from Gartner. So that's kind of what caused that improvement. And we're getting there. There's no reason that their retention, their wallet retention, client retention, can't be at the same exact levels as Gartner. And we see that happening over time, and then new business growth, again same levels.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And on the implications within the guidance, we're obviously not breaking that out. But it's safe to assume in line with or a little bit better than reported contract value growth for the heritage CEB contract value. So, we said 1.5% on the overall heritage CEB contract value growth in 2017. That obviously drives the bulk of the revenue as we head into 2018.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan, Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Based on the numbers that you gave, Craig, it sounds like there's part of the Talent Assessment business that is not being sold in this transaction. And so, I was hoping you could give us some color on either what part you're keeping or if you're planning on selling that remaining piece as well. And basically, if you are keeping it, just what's the growth rate of that piece and will that impact the overall business?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, Toni. So, as we talked about, we're selling about two-thirds of the Talent Assessment & Other segment, which consists essentially of the business formerly known as SHL that CEB had acquired in 2012. And so, that's about, as I mentioned, $200 million of revenue and about $38 million of EBITDA. And so, that's a little bit different than the contribution margin, because it is inclusive of SG&A, but on a net basis, about $38 million of EBITDA. So, that will leave us around $100 million of other, if you will. And those are predominantly training businesses and a few other smaller acquisitions that CEB had done over time. And it's again now representing post-divestiture $100 million on a $4 billion business, so a really, really small part of the overall business with what I would say our kind of average CEB growth rates associated with it. So, that's what will be left. Again, a really small part of the overall total Gartner revenue portfolio.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And we've seen a couple of data points recently indicating that IT spend should be strong this year and accelerating from last year. It sounds like just based on the guidance you've had some strong growth rates for each of the segments there. How are you thinking about the overall environment? Would you be able to maybe raise prices faster this year or just see greater demand for services? It just sounds like the environment is really good, and so I just want to get some color on what you're seeing.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Hi, Toni. It's Gene. So, first, I'd like to kind of just address one point which is that our growth is not really linked to IT spending. I mean, clients use us and need us when their spending is higher or even when their spending is lower. They're still spending an awful lot of money on IT. And whether it's growing at 3% or 4% or 1% or shrinking 1%, they still need a lot of help, and so that's not been a big factor for us. Having said that, the selling environment I would characterize today as being a normal selling environment. Meaning there are clients that are booming, there are clients that are okay, and clients in trouble if you look around the world and the different markets that we're in. So, I'd characterize it kind of a normal selling environment.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Hamzah Mazari, Macquarie. Please proceed.
Kayvan Rahbar - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. This is Kayvan Rahbar filling in for Hamzah. Post tax reform, could you give us an update on how you're thinking about capital allocation priorities in the M&A pipeline?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Sure, a great question. So, obviously, the one other benefit of tax reform that isn't really factored in is the ability to repatriate foreign accumulated earnings. And, obviously, as we talked about during the prepared remarks, we've been knocking down our debt levels and again we view the optimal cap structure to have something in the neighborhood of 3 times gross leverage. And we're moving in that direction pretty rapidly. And when we closed the Talent Assessment divestiture, it accelerates our ability to get there. And then, of course, we have the great free cash flow generation of the combined business globally on a go-forward basis. So again, our view is about 3 times gross leverage is the right permanent fixture on our balance sheet. And then, once we get there, we return back to what our previous capital allocation strategy was, which was a combination of strategic value-enhancing M&A, which more likely in that means smaller to mid-size type acquisitions or in absence of that, return of capital to shareholders through our buyback programs. And so, once we get back down to those rough levels of around 3 times gross, we'll then revert back to our stated, tried and true capital allocation strategy around M&A and return of capital through buybacks.
Kayvan Rahbar - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: And just a quick follow-up, anything from your customers in terms of spend? Are you hearing anything?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Again, it's Gene. Well, I'd say as I characterized it as a kind of normal environment, which is that the spending is  again there are companies that are doing really well that are kind of spending money on all kind of things, companies that are doing okay and companies that are in trouble who needs help figuring out how to allocate their funds even better. And so, I'd characterize kind of a normal selling environment, not especially good and not especially bad.
Kayvan Rahbar - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Michael Reid, Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed.
Mike Reid - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Wanted to hop over to Consulting, where there was a couple issues last quarter, but it looks like you kind of progressed and are moving past those with the update. Do you think this improvement will continue and did the strong pipeline that you talked about in the last period continue?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. Great question, Michael. I mean, as I mentioned, Consulting, we had, again, some open territories there among our Managing Partners for different reasons, health, career change, et cetera, and not across the board, but it's of selected areas. Those have now been filled and we had a really good backlog. The backlog was up 9% year-over-year, which is great. And we feel very good about the strategy for Consulting, fit with the company. And at our (01:04:13) Investor Day next week, we'll talk more about how that strategy is evolving, to make it even more important and contributing to the company.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And, Michael, you're right. I'd point out a couple of facts. One is the labor-based portion of the business was up 12% in the fourth quarter, which is a really nice improvement from what we had seen, particularly in the first half of the year. That was offset a little bit by weakness or softness in the contract optimization business in the quarter. What I'd say is the contract optimization business actually had a very strong year, really super strong in the first half and then below our expectations a little bit in the second half, but overall delivered nice growth for us for the year. So, I think your observation is right. Labor-based was very strong in the fourth quarter. And, again, the backlog position we're in is probably the best or one of the best backlog positions we've been in entering a year in a while.
Mike Reid - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. And then with the integration kind of, you said to be ahead of track and the synergies definitely being met, could you remind us again where some of these cost synergy savings are coming from and maybe where you expect them to come from moving forward?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yes, sure. On the cost synergy side, I guess, I'd start with when we assessed the deal upfront and looked for cost synergy opportunities, we did not look in research because that was really the most important asset and we wanted to maintain that. And we didn't look in sales because again, as we know, the more salespeople you have, the more you generally sell. And we didn't want to touch service either. So, the cost synergy opportunities really fall in the G&A lines. And I'd put them in a handful of buckets. So, one is around redundant people, redundant functions, redundant processes. So, in finance, as an example, we only needed one CFO. And so, there was a savings opportunity there. We're consolidating everything into Gartner's accounting systems, Gartner's billing systems, Gartner's HR systems. Gartner's IT systems, et cetera. And so, as we do those consolidations and integrations, costs will go away. So, it's really around, first, the people and leveraging our centers of excellence and eliminating redundant roles. Two would be around eliminating redundant external spends whether they'd be on consultants, on software applications, on data centers, on things like that. And the one caution there is we're moving really well and rapidly, but there are certain elements of those spends that due to contract terms or due to needing to run dual or parallel platforms for some point of time, those don't get turned off until maybe 2019. And then the third major category is probably around facilities and consolidation of facilities. And so, we've started that in 2017 in some of our smaller city locations around the world. We're doing it much more aggressively in 2018 and there will remain opportunities to do that in 2019 and beyond. So, really focused on the G&A side and really focused around leveraging our scale whether it'd be on personnel, on external spend or on facilities.
Mike Reid - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber, BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks so much. I hate to go back to the accelerated spending but I'm going to. I'm just curious when these decisions were made. I don't remember you talking about plans on doing this on the last quarter's call.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Hey, Jeff. Good morning. So we've tried to be  we've been, I think, transparent on this. We talked about, I believe, on the Q3 call about our accelerate  on the territories specifics. It's a related support, so recruiting capacity, service people, the incremental territories, et cetera. So, it's now becoming real because we're actually doing the spending and hiring the people, but we have talked about it on at least last call and I think the two prior calls.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Maybe I just missed the order of magnitude. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of George Tong, Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
George Tong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Gene, I want to dig deeper into the pull-forward of investment spending. Can you discuss the planned timing of investments in 2018 and how your planned heritage Gartner sales force growth will compare with heritage CEB sales force growth?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yes. So, in 2018, the heritage Gartner sales force growth is going to be typical of past years, so in the same kind of range that we've had in past years. And, again, I can't give an exact number because as I've talked about, we do it based on what our operation capacity is. So, we look at each individual area manager and based on the capacity of those individual managers decide what it's going to be. But you can think about it as being kind of in the mid-teens like it has been historically for Gartner. For CEB, we're following the same process. What we decided to do, again, was to pull forward and try to go into 2018 as fully staffed as we could on the CEB side. We're now going to see how those investments go. And based on the operational performance we'll decide how much hiring we're going to do through the year to prepare us for 2019. Right now, we're staffed and we're very happy with where we are in terms of the staffing in sales, in service, in product, and sales support.
George Tong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And how would you think about the cadence of investments, just the timing of investments as you move through 2018?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Well, again, on the Gartner side, it's going to be what we've done traditionally, which is we tend to ramp up more salespeople at the beginning of the year. It tends to be front-loaded. Our biggest selling is in the second half for new business. And so we want to let people get up to speed. And so we tend to time more of our growth hiring in the first half, so we go into second half with a full complement. And, again, as I mentioned, the CEB is sort of a similar kind of a thing except  because it's new, we're going to be even more watching kind of the operational performance.
George Tong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And just to follow up, you discussed the biggest driver of improvement in CEB performance has been really due to improving wallet retention rates. Can you elaborate on how much new business is performing, how much it's growing at CEB, and discuss trends around pipeline growth and close rates for CEB?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yes. So great point. So retention itself is up significantly which was driving wallet retention. New business hasn't performed as well and the reason is because of things we talked about, all of the changes that part of the CEB salespeople got to go through in terms of the change in commercial terms, new products, new enterprise agreements, all the things that we've talked about there. And so, last year, the new business was weaker than it had been historically.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And, George, good morning. It's Craig. This is what we've talked about for the last two or three quarters. We were focused on trying to get as much noise out of the way in 2017. When Gene discussed earlier about the speed of our integration, it was really around, number one, we saw the opportunity to go faster. Number two, we wanted to enter 2018 with as much behind us as possible. And that's why we pushed forward so much on changing the commercial terms and eliminating discounting and launching these new seat-based products. And so, there was a lot of change with particularly heritage CEB frontline sellers, which we've managed through and Gene talked a little bit earlier about adoption and speed of adoption. But, again, the goal was to get as much noise, if you will, behind us, so that we could enter 2018 in as clean a position as possible.
George Tong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Bill Warmington, Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to David Cohen, Street name, Serious D (01:13:20). So, a question for you on the open territories. You've mentioned that a number of times as a problem that you've been addressing. And I remember, historically, a few years back, you spent a lot of time and effort to try to come up with processes to really reduce the sales force turnover post hire. And so, my question is what are you doing on the front-end on the CEB hiring, given the strong hiring there, to make sure you got the right people in those territories and that they're going to stay there long enough to get a positive return?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. Bill, that's an important area of our focus. And so, over the last several years actually, we focused on building a recruiting capability that has a great ability to identify who are the people that are going to be most successful in selling at Gartner because we want to hire  when people are successful, they stay. They don't turn over. And we wind up with our average tenure going up and higher sales results. We've done that through both improvements in our selling process, as well as things like analytics where we use a series of analytics to help us determine who are the people that are most likely to be successful and necessarily a recruiting process that actually is very good identifying those people. That's been very effective on the Gartner side. We're implementing that same recruiting  in fact, the same recruiting organization with the same processes, once they get fully rolled out, the same processes that we'll have at the CEB side. And right now, we're part way through that journey. We're probably the majority of way through the journey, but not completely there on the CEB side. Once we get there, we expect our ability to identify the right people to hire will be great. Already, capacity-wise, we don't have any problem as you can tell from the growth in sales force that we talked about and we feel very good about the quality of people that we're hiring and they are fit.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. And then one quick one on the CEB Talent Assessment. You've mentioned the $400 million gross proceeds. How should we think about the net proceeds on that?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, obviously there are some fees that go out related to bankers and lawyers and also other associated costs. I think we've modeled in probably $350 million of that being available to pay down, maybe a little bit more, but in that neighborhood.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call back to Gene Hall for closing remarks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Well, thank you today for your questions and for joining us. So, to summarize the key points for today's call, 2017 was a great year for Gartner. In the heritage Gartner Research business, we accelerated contract value growth, drove higher retention, and improved sales productivity, which resulted in its best year ever. Heritage Gartner Events had strong attendance. And while exhibitor sales were below our expectations, we have strong forward exhibitor bookings. Consulting 2017 revenues were below our expectations, but we ended with a strong backlog there. We acquired CEB for the strong strategic benefits of extending our market to all functions across the enterprise and also to enable best of both operational approaches. The rapid closing, aggressive integration timeline, and accelerated growth investments, together with our initial operating results, give us a high degree of confidence that we are well on the way to achieving our strategic objectives and delivering consistent, double-digit growth over the long-term. We continue to get better, stronger, faster, day after day, year after year. We've got great momentum as we enter 2018 and we expect to continue our trend of double-digit growth for years to come. As most of you know, we'll be hosting our Investor Day next Thursday, February 15. We'll review our businesses in more detail, and you'll come away with an even better understanding of our strategy and what we're so excited about our prospects for sustained, double-digit growth. We look forward to seeing you there and on our earnings call next quarter. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-02 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc. Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.
Analysts: Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Mike Reid - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Gartner's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. This call will include a discussion of Q3 2017 financial results as well as an updated outlook for 2017. After prepared remarks, you will have an opportunity to ask questions. In addition to today's press release, the company has provided an accompanying presentation as a reference point for investors and analysts. Both the press release and the presentation are available on the investor website at investor.gartner.com. Certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. The company encourages all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. With that, I would like to hand over the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. Mr. Hall, you can please proceed.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Good morning and welcome to our quarterly earnings call. Thanks for joining us. We delivered another strong quarter of double-digit growth in Q3 of 2017. Our business continues to perform well. We're making great progress on the integration of Gartner and CEB. And I continue to be excited about our business, our prospects for growth and our strategy to drive value for our shareholders over the long term. We're living in exciting times. Technology is opening up new markets and creating innovative ways to serve customers. Technology-driven disruption is providing exponential growth opportunities and threats to entire industries. Cybersecurity is a pervasive and critical risk. Technology is also becoming a critical factor in every function of the enterprise, supply chain; sales; marketing; HR; finance; legal; and the rest. And if that's not enough, the business environment continues to be mixed, exchange rates; commodity prices; global macroeconomic growth; and geopolitical dislocations. Business leaders have never faced the rate of change they face today. They need help to deal with these difficult issues. The combination of CEB and Gartner gives us unique capabilities to help clients address these issues with every function of the business. We're providing the best of both businesses, research methodologies, sales and service best practices, operations and together, we will be better than either company was alone. So, the combination of Gartner plus CEB will provide a quantum leap in our ability to help clients. In a moment, Craig will take you through the details of our Q3 results, but before he does, I'd like to take you through a few performance highlights. Now, as we've done our previous earnings calls and because of ongoing exchange rate volatility, I'll review these highlights in FX-neutral terms. The traditional Gartner business continues to deliver outstanding performance. For the third quarter of 2017, traditional Gartner revenues grew 14% year-over-year. The traditional Gartner Research business is doing great. In Q3, we delivered 16% revenue growth and 15% contract value growth with double-digit increases in every region across every size company and in virtually every industry. And we achieved these strong results despite a two-week disruption in one of our major hubs due to Hurricane Irma and also a higher-than-usual level of M&A in our clients. Our sales force continues to be our largest investment. At the end of Q3, the traditional Gartner sales force grew 17% year-over-year. Sales force growth accelerated as we identified and hired a large number of highly qualified sales people, allowing us to reduce our number of open sales territories to near record low levels. This provides a great foundation for future growth. As I mentioned in our last call, improving sales productivity remains a top priority for us. Over the past few years, we've implemented a number of programs to improve sales productivity and those actions are working. We drove another consecutive quarter of sales productivity improvement. Sales productivity for Q3 2017 improved 11% organically over the same quarter last year. And looking forward, our sales pipeline is strong. The Gartner Consulting segment had a mixed quarter in Q3. Most of the business performed well. Two specific teams had operational problems that we're addressing. One team had a higher-than-usual number of managing partner open territories, which, of course, impacts our bookings. The second team has a relatively high number of new managing partners and we expect their performance will improve as they gain experience. In addition, our contract optimization business, which often has swings between quarters, was down 11% year-over-year. Looking forward, we've begun addressing these issues and our Consulting new business pipeline is strong. The traditional Gartner Events business had a very strong quarter with a 25% increase in revenues, including an 18% increase in same event revenues. In short, across the traditional Gartner business, we've got great momentum and we expect to maintain this momentum as we continue to make progress with the integration of CEB. Now, turn to the traditional CEB businesses. Contract value for the traditional CEB research and advisory business experienced a 1% decline in Q3, in line with our expectations. We're investing in this business to fuel future growth. We're hiring approximately 80 new sales professionals for this organization, and they'll be in territory early in 2018. We introduced several new seat-based products that will deliver more value to functional business leaders in HR, finance, sales, legal and, of course, IT. We already made sales in all of these new products, and we have plans to introduce more new products at the beginning of 2018. We expanded service teams to drive retention of these new products. Our sales and service support team has increased by about 40% through a combination of filling open positions and new roles to support growth and improve retention and retraining our teams on operational best practices and building service capabilities to support retention and growth. Taken together, these are broad-based initiatives that leverage Gartner best practices and build on the strong CEB foundation, creating a platform for enhanced growth and profitability. As we discussed last quarter, we're executing as many of the larger changes as practical in 2017, which could create some speed bumps along the way. While there could be near-term challenges, we're confident that these are the right actions to position us best for the long term. I recently met with the sales leaders from this organization. They have incredible enthusiasm and support for the changes we're making and the opportunities for growth in this business. Let me now turn to the TA & Other segment. Adjusted revenue in the TA & Other segment declined by 4% compared to a year-ago quarter. This is primarily due to a large number of open sales territories in the Talent Assessment business from prior to the acquisition. We've ramped up recruiting and substantially reduced the number of open territories, which positions us well for the future. In addition, we've hired a strong leader experienced in talent assessment to lead this business. CEB Talent Assessment is a leading global provider of talent assessment solutions. They have best-in-class portfolio assessment tools, benchmark data and predictive technologies that equip organizations to assess, select and develop the right people for the right roles. As I discussed last quarter, we established CEB's Talent Assessment as a standalone business. On October 4, we announced that we're exploring and evaluating strategic alternatives for this business. This business is an industry leader in attractive markets. However, it's not aligned with core focus of the rest of Gartner. Our goal is to determine how best to support innovation, product development and long-term growth for the talent assessment business, and we'll keep you updated on our progress. We've also made some leadership changes at Gartner. Some of you may have seen that our former Head of Consulting, PA Waern, announced his retirement. PA was with Gartner for 19 years and led our Consulting business for more than a decade. Under PA's leadership, we transformed the Consulting organization to align with research in supporting the mission-critical priorities of our clients. In addition, PA led the development of our managing partner model, which significantly improved the value we deliver to our clients. We all wish him best in his retirement. To build on PA's successes, I'm thrilled to announce that Scott Hensel has joined Gartner as Executive Vice President of Consulting, and he'll join Gartner's Operating Committee, reporting to me. Scott comes to Gartner from Terex, where he led their services business and was a member of their Executive Leadership team. Prior to Terex, Scott spent 14 years at McKinsey, serving clients in high-tech, industrial and business service sectors. He brings a wealth of experience in business transformation, strategy development, sales effectiveness and operations and organizational design. I'm excited about the level of operational execution and continuous improvement and innovation that Scott will bring to this important business segment. We're now in the fourth quarter, which is when we run the majority of our Symposium/ITxpo conference series. This remains our flagship event. It's held in eight locations around the world, designed to support CIOs and senior IT executives. I recently attended our U.S.-based event in Orlando, Florida, where thousands of CIOs convened to share experiences and gain key critical insights that helped them achieve their mission critical priorities. The CIOs there were inspired and felt empowered to succeed as a result of the insights we delivered at this important event. As you might imagine, this creates even more opportunity for our sales organization, and they're very excited as well. In summary, I continue to be extremely excited about our business, our prospects for growth and our strategy to drive value for our shareholders over the long term. The combination of CEB and Gartner will create a quantum leap in capability and sustained extraordinary growth over the long term. Together, we'll be able to address the mission-critical priorities of every function across the enterprise with leading insights from the best of the two organizations. Our outstanding Q3 results demonstrate our operational effectiveness on a global scale. We know the right things to do to drive success in our business. We're executing on a very aggressive integration plan, and in aggregate, it's going great. We're living in exciting times, and it's an exciting time for Gartner. With that, I'll turn it over to Craig Safian, our Chief Financial Officer.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Thank you, Gene. And good morning, everyone. Because of the tremendous value we provide to our clients around the world, the investments we are making to capture our vast market opportunity, our focus on strong operational execution and our exceptional business model, we delivered another strong quarter. On a combined basis, our adjusted revenue grew 11% in the third quarter of 2017. As Gene detailed, we are also progressing in accordance with our plans to integrate CEB into the Gartner business. Please keep in mind that as we discuss our results, we will be looking at the total combined company on both a GAAP revenue and adjusted revenue basis. As we discussed last quarter, the only difference is that adjusted revenue excludes the deferred revenue fair value adjustment that is required as a part of purchase accounting. We will also, where appropriate or applicable, drill into the traditional Gartner or traditional CEB business performance. You will also find an in-depth overview of our Q3 performance in a presentation on our Investor Relations website. Turning to our Q3 performance. Our year-over-year financial performance for the quarter included total combined company adjusted revenue growth of 11%, driven by 15% growth for the traditional Gartner business and a 1% decline for the acquired CEB business; combined adjusted EBITDA of $149 million and combined adjusted diluted EPS of $0.65 per share, which is $0.13 above the top-end of our guidance range for the quarter. Please note that our third quarter 2017 GAAP revenues of $828 million includes an approximately $64 million deferred revenue adjustment. Therefore, on an adjusted basis, our revenue for the quarter was $892 million. Our exceptional business model continues to create a consistently high-level of free cash flow conversion. On a combined basis, over the last rolling four quarters, our free cash flow conversion was 139% of adjusted net income. I'll now discuss our third quarter combined business segment results and P&L in depth, highlighting the performance of the traditional Gartner and acquired CEB business where appropriate before turning to our balance sheet and cash flow dynamics. I'll close with remarks on our updated 2017 guidance. We will then be happy to take your questions. Please note that my segment discussion will focus on the adjusted revenue and adjusted contribution margin performance in Q3, therefore, adding back the deferred revenue fair value adjustment I just mentioned. Please also note that we've included a lot of this information in the presentation on our IR website. Beginning with Research. On a combined basis, adjusted Research revenue grew 13% in the third quarter. The adjusted gross contribution margin for Research was 69% or an 80 basis point decline compared to the third quarter of 2016 on a comparable basis. This modest decline is primarily due to our newer-acquired businesses such as Capterra, SCM World and L2 having lower gross contribution margins than our traditional business. I'll now focus on the traditional Gartner Research business. Adjusted revenues increased by 18% in the third quarter. Acquisitions, primarily L2 and Machina Research, contributed to adjusted revenue growth in the quarter by less than 2 points. We also had a roughly 1 point benefit from foreign exchange. Our other metrics for the traditional Gartner Research business also remained very strong with 15% CV growth, accelerating sales productivity and improvements in our retention metrics. Total contract value was $2.063 billion as of the end of Q3. FX neutral growth of 15% versus the prior year, roughly in line with the growth we delivered last quarter. For reference in comparison, our Q3 2016 total contract value at current year FX rates was $1.790 billion. On an organic basis, excluding the contribution of L2, which we acquired in March 2017, total contract value growth for the traditional Gartner Research would have been 14% on an FX-neutral basis, also consistent with the growth we delivered last quarter. We continue to drive contract value growth through strong retention rates and consistent growth in new business. From a traditional Gartner Research perspective, client retention was 83%, up 70 basis points from the third quarter of 2016 and flat on a sequential basis. Wallet retention ended at 104% for the quarter, up by 80 basis points year-on-year and roughly flat on a sequential basis. Both retention figures are close to our all-time highs. New business growth for traditional Gartner Research remained strong, up 11% year-on-year in Q3. The new business mix is consistent with prior quarters and remains balanced between new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades through existing clients. And as always, we also benefit from our annual price increases. Our new business growth reflects our success in penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing client enterprises. We ended the third quarter with 11,338 enterprise clients, up 6% compared to Q3 2016. The average spend for enterprise also continues to grow. It now stands at $182,000 per enterprise, up 8% versus prior year on an FX-neutral basis. This increase in average spend reflects our ability to drive CEB growth through both new and existing enterprises. Turning to sales productivity for the traditional Gartner Research sales force, over the last rolling four quarters, we delivered $272 million of FX-neutral net contract value. When divided by our beginning-of-period head count, which was 2,331 quota-bearing heads, our rolling four-quarter productivity per account executive was $117,000. Excluding the impact of the L2 acquisition, sales productivity was up 11% year-on-year and 1% sequentially. As always, we remain highly focused on improving our sales productivity. We remain confident that the initiatives around recruiting, training and tools that we have implemented to drive productivity will positively impact our results over both the short and long term. Turning to the performance of CEB research in the quarter, CEB adjusted research revenues were flat year-on-year in Q3, a modest improvement from the year-on-year decline in Q2. We saw many positives with CEB's other research metrics in the quarter despite a modest decline in contract value. We ended Q3 with $571 million of traditional CEB research CV, down 1% on a year-over-year basis. In addition, wallet retention, also using Gartner's methodology, ended the quarter at 93%, roughly flat compared to the year-ago quarter. While retention rates continue to show improvement, we did see a slowdown in new business as we implemented a number of Gartner best practices around pricing and contract terms. We also introduced a host of new seat-based products. As we alluded to last quarter, we believe there would be speed bumps along the way as we integrated the CEB and Gartner businesses. We are confident these impacts are temporary and that the actions we are taking position us well to drive growth and value in the future. Moving to Events, on a combined basis, adjusted Events revenues increased by 25% year-on-year in Q3. Events' third quarter adjusted gross contribution margin was 36%, up by approximately 40 basis points compared to the year-ago quarter. CEB Events revenue increased 16% year-over-year in a seasonally low quarter for that business. The traditional Gartner Events business had a very strong quarter in Q3 with a 25% year-on-year increase in revenues, driven by an 18% increase in the same event revenues. We continued to see strength in attendees reporting a 21% increase in same event attendees. Foreign exchange had a roughly 3-point benefit on our traditional Gartner Events reported revenues in the third quarter. Turning to Consulting, third quarter Consulting revenues declined by 2% on a reported basis and declined 3% on an FX-neutral basis. In the labor-based business, revenues declined 1% versus Q3 of last year, while the contract optimization business was down 11%. On the labor-based side, global head count of 682 was up 8% and we had 134 managing partners at the end of Q3, a 17% increase over the year-ago quarter. Broadly speaking, the MP strategy is working. As Gene described, we've experienced some operational challenges related to managing partner productivity on two teams. We'll be temporarily slowing down our MP growth on those two teams, so that we can focus on improving productivity. Once we see signs of improvement, we'll look again at increasing capacity on those teams. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our Consulting business ended the quarter at $91 million, up 2% year-on-year. Our bookings performance strengthened in September and our Q4 pipeline looks strong as well. Consulting gross contribution margin decreased by 230 basis points year-on-year, primarily due to modest softness in the contract optimization business and a slight decline in utilization. Turning to Talent Assessment & Other, adjusted revenue in the TA & Other segment declined by 4% compared to the year-ago quarter. This was consistent with the recent trends of our TA business. Both bookings and revenues have been impacted by a combination of a large number of open territories that existed at the time of the acquisition and the mix of lower tenured sales people as we filled those open territories. As we discussed on our last call, we also established TA as a standalone business. This caused some short-term disruptions that we feel are now behind us. As Gene mentioned in early October, we decided to explore and evaluate strategic alternatives for the CEB Talent Assessment business, formerly known as SHL. This business makes up around two-thirds of the TA & Other segment and approximately 5% of total Gartner company adjusted revenues. We are less than one month into the process and I'm pleased to report that it is progressing well. We will provide further updates as and when appropriate. Moving down the income statement, on a combined basis, SG&A increased by 13% year-over-year in the third quarter. FX had a roughly 1 point impact on the growth rate. Our sales force continues to be our largest investment and as of the end of the third quarter, the traditional Gartner business had 2,716 quota-bearing sales associates. This is an increase of 385 or 17% from a year ago. While this is an acceleration from prior quarters, the increase is primarily due to the fact that we were able to reduce the level of open territories in the quarter, which should help us in Q4 and subsequent quarters as well. The acquisition of CEB adds more than 500 frontline quota-bearing research sales associates. We've been focused on filling open head count and are beginning to grow sales head count. We will leverage our proven best practices around recruiting, training and tools to drive accelerated CV growth and improved productivity. As a growth company and now as a much larger growth company, we continue to invest in areas such as recruiting, technology, facilities and other areas to support our strategy of delivering sustained double-digit growth over the long term. At the same time, we continue to make good progress on cost synergies related to the CEB acquisition, specifically in the G&A functions. Through the investments we've already made and plan to make through the balance of the year to drive accelerated growth in CEB's contract value, we continue to expect modest net synergy flow-through in 2017. We continue to work the cost synergy side of the equation and we'll report back on our progress in subsequent quarters. Adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter was $149 million, which is essentially flat on a combined year-over-year basis. This result is driven by growth for traditional Gartner EBITDA, offset by year-over-year decline to traditional CEB EBITDA. Moving down the income statement, depreciation charges increased year-over-year in the quarter, predominantly reflecting the addition of CEB, while amortization and integration charges were up significantly, again related to the transaction. Our GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 22.2%. Adjusting for acquisition and non-recurring charges, our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 29.3%. The lower-than-expected adjusted tax rate impacted our Q3 adjusted EPS by about $0.05. The lower rate resulted largely from the timing of certain tax costs. We expect our full-year GAAP tax rate to be approximately 33% to 34% and approximately 31% to 32% on an adjusted basis. GAAP diluted earnings per share was negative $0.53 in the third quarter. Our GAAP EPS figure also includes $1.18 of non-GAAP adjustments. Therefore on an adjusted basis, our EPS in Q3 was $0.65 or $0.13 above the high-end of our guidance range. There are three primary reasons for our EPS beat in the quarter. First, EBITDA performance was better than forecasted. This contributed approximately $0.04 of upside. Second, below EBITDA, we have lower-than-forecasted depreciation as a result of purchase accounting adjustments as well as other incentive credits, which weren't forecasted. These two items contributed about $0.04 of upside. And third, our lower tax rate, as I just discussed, impacted our quarterly earnings per share by approximately $0.05. Turning now to cash, in Q3, operating cash flow was $150 million compared to $120 million for standalone Gartner in the year-ago quarter. Our combined operating cash flow increased 16% year-over-year. It is also important to note that our Q3 operating cash flow includes significant acquisition and integration payments, which we adjust out for our free cash flow calculation. Pivoting to free cash flow, Q3 2017 CapEx was $34 million and Q3 cash acquisition and integration payments were approximately $29 million. This yields Q3 free cash flow of $144 million, approximately 14% higher when compared to combined company free cash flow in Q3 2016. The timing of our contract value growth is a key driver of our quarterly free cash flow performance and our strong Research results from March Q2 and across Q3 have begun converting to free cash flow. Turning to the balance sheet, relative to the approximately $3.6 billion of gross debt we had as of April 5, we have repaid around $245 million by the end of Q3 with a quarter-ending gross debt level of approximately $3.4 billion. From a net debt perspective, we had less than $2.8 billion at the end of Q3, which translates to approximately 4 times leverage on a combined last 12 months of adjusted EBITDA. Given the favorable cash flow characteristics of the combined company, we remained firmly on schedule to delever to approximately 3 times gross leverage within the first two to three years of closing the acquisition. Turning now to guidance, slide 13 of the presentation provides you with our updated outlook for 2017. As is our practice, our EPS guidance is on both a GAAP and adjusted basis. On a high level, we've modestly increased our adjusted revenue outlook and tightened our outlook for the full-year adjusted EBITDA and cash flow. At the same time, we've increased our EPS outlook on an adjusted EPS basis. And I'll also remind you that our full-year guidance includes 12 months of Gartner plus 9 months of CEB results. Starting with revenue, for 2017, we expect combined company adjusted revenue of approximately $3.5 billion. This is comprised of the following. For Research, we expect combined adjusted revenues of between $2.6 billion and $2.625 billion. For the traditional Gartner Research business, we expect to continue our trend of mid-teen revenue growth in 2017. This is obviously supported by the very strong contract value growth we just reported. For Consulting, we expect revenues of between $320 million and $335 million. For Events, we expect the adjusted revenues of between $330 million and $345 million. For the traditional Gartner Events business, we continue to expect double-digit adjusted revenue growth in 2017. And for TA & Other, we expect adjusted revenue of between $210 million and $225 million. Again, these are adjusted revenue ranges. You will find the reconciliation of our adjusted revenue guidance ranges to GAAP revenue on slide 14 of the presentation. Turning to adjusted EBITDA, as mentioned, we have narrowed our expected adjusted EBITDA range for 2017, trimming the high-end of our previous guidance range by $10 million. This modest reduction to the midpoint of our adjusted EBITDA guidance is driven by a few dynamics, the most notable of which relates to continued challenges in the TA business. As both Gene and I discussed earlier, the situation is getting markedly better as we fill open territories, but those improvements will not have an impact on the Q4 P&L. As I commented last quarter, our GAAP 2017 earnings per share is expected to be significantly impacted by acquisition and integration charges, of which the vast majority are non-cash in nature. Slide 15 of the presentation reconciles the per share difference between our updated GAAP and adjusted EPS guidance ranges. We now expect the after-tax impact of these adjustments to total approximately $4.20 at the midpoint of our guidance. Putting this all together, we now expect full-year 2017 adjusted EPS of between $3.39 and $3.50 per share, which is a $0.05 increase to the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance. Slide 17 details the key assumptions below EBITDA that we have used to calculate our updated adjusted EPS outlook. For our tax rate, we project an annual effective rate for GAAP of approximately 33% to 34% and for adjusted earnings of approximately 31% to 32%. In addition, our tax rate may also vary from quarter-to-quarter due to the projected geographic mix of earnings, the impact of ASU 2016-09 related to stock-based awards as well as the timing of certain items. Finally, our EPS guidance is based on weighted average fully diluted share count of approximately 89.9 million to 90.5 million shares for the full-year 2017. Before concluding, I'd like to provide a little more color around our fourth quarter outlook. As you know, the fourth quarter is our seasonally largest quarter. It's our largest Events and Consulting quarter. I'll also remind you that during the fourth quarter of 2016, we had some softness in both our Events and Consulting businesses. As we have rolled into the fourth quarter of 2017, we have great momentum in the traditional Gartner Research business and our NCVI performance through 2017 flows into the P&L. We also had easier compares for both the Events and Consulting businesses, and that flows through as well. We are expecting to finish Q4 in the year strongly, consistent with our performance through the first three quarters of 2017. In closing, we've continued our strong 2017 performance through the third quarter. Our Research business delivered another quarter of mid-teens growth and contract value growth was 15%. We also saw acceleration in sales productivity, and our retention metrics are near all-time highs. Our Events business is on track to deliver double-digit growth in 2017, and the adjustments we are making in Consulting should position us strongly for the future. We are running a process to explore strategic alternatives for the Talent Assessment business and look forward to reporting back to you as that progresses. The traditional Gartner business is performing very well. The addition of CEB further strengthens our ability to capture the vast market opportunity ahead of us as we are now able to address the mission critical priorities of virtually all functional business leaders across every industry and size of enterprise worldwide. As Gene mentioned, the integration is going exceptionally well. We set aggressive timelines, and we are achieving or beating them. As discussed last quarter, this has given us the confidence to accelerate a number of investments, such as growing the CEB sales force to accelerate our ability to capture the vast market opportunity that exists. We've done all of that while driving acceleration of performance in the traditional Gartner business. Now, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Tim McHugh, William Blair. Please proceed.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you. First, just on the CEB, I appreciate the color on. It was new sales, I guess, that were a little weaker and I know you gave a few reasons. But just, I guess, in general, can you elaborate on were there particular regions, particular types of clients? I guess, anymore color on and, I guess, how the business was impacted by some of the changes that you're making.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Hey, Tim. It's Gene. So, the CEB integration is going really well, and our plan calls for making the most disruptive changes, the biggest changes during 2017. We'd like to get that stuff out of the way. And so, we've made changes to new products as we talked about. We made changes to contract terms, we have changes to the ability to discount. So, lots of changes that we know position us well for the long term. That  when we make all those changes, sales people have to learn what those changes are and adapt with the journey and learn to actually work with those new clients. And so, anytime you make that kind of change, there's going to be, as people learn, stops all the old products, starts on the new products and new terms, et cetera. There is going to be some time it takes to adapt to that. What we saw actually has been fabulous, which is that our CD (36:26) growth in the CEB business was kind of on trend despite making all of those changes. And so, as Craig mentioned, retention was up, new business was down a little bit. I think given the rate of change, we have to be kind of  we've seen minimal disruption, given the extreme or given the significant changes we've made that position us very well for the future. So, overall, I'd say, it's kind of in the ballpark much better than we might have expected given the degree of change.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Do you have any sense or any signals about how long that disruption in the new business side can last, I guess, as people adjust?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, we don't know, but I'd say that I'm quite optimistic on what we've seen to-date that  if we look at kind of pipelines, how things are going, look, first, do people understand the changes that we're trying to make? Absolutely they understand it. Are they committed to making those changes? Do they believe in those changes, the sales people? Absolutely. In fact, that is going better than I would have expected. And if I look at the pipelines that people have developed with these new products, they're ahead of where I would have expected as well. And so, you can't be for sure, but I'd say the leading indicator is very positive.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And, Tim, it's Craig. The one other thing I'd mention is we talked about this last quarter too, we've really only been in the market with the new seat-based products for a very short period of time. And so, it's too early to give full market color or market feedback. What we can say is we've actually had sales in each and every one of those new seat-based products and again to Gene's point, in looking at pipeline and activity, those things look fairly favorable as well.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, one last one, I think you mentioned you're starting to grow the CEB sales force. How quickly at this point are you growing it? Even kind of as you exit the year, what would be the type of number?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, I'd give you flavor for it. Their existing sales force is a little over 500...
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: A little over 500.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: ...salespeople. And as I mentioned in my remarks, both last time and this time, we're expecting to start 2018 with at least 80 more salespeople. And so, it gives you a flavor for the growth rate there. In addition to that, there are people that do sales and service support that are more junior people, who've joined this Gartner for a long time. That team increased the size by about 40%. It's not total 40% growth positions, because there were a lot of open positions, but between closing the open positions that were already there and then the additional growth, it's quite substantial. So, we'll go into 2018 with a sales force that's larger in those two dimensions.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And I think, Tim, just to add to that point, the same can be said on the traditional Gartner sell side as well, where we filled more open territories than we've historically done. In fact, we're probably  we're at historical low levels of open territories, which is a positive. And again, that should start flowing through or gives us a bigger army, if you will, as we head into the fourth quarter, but most notably as we head into 2018.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee, RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. Just a follow-up on the questions on sales in CEB, can you give us some flavor about how you think about the folks that are going through your sales training and then selling the CEB product? How do we think about when they get to sort of a normalized productivity? Is a year a reasonable range? I know you've talked about your legacy business. The second year is a lot better than the first and it grows for a while, but is there a learning curve that's going to be different? Is the training you're providing different or should we think that the investments you begin to make mid-year this year really should be impacting CV at some point in 2018? Thanks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, Gary, it's Gene. So, when we've done acquisitions in the past and brought sales people and make similar changes, which we've done in places like when we bought AMR, for example, who had  we did enterprise agreements, same kind of changes, which did META, we found that, and this is  we found the same thing with CEB here, that the salespeople are very talented and knowledgeable, know how to sell a syndicated research kind of product. And so, it's not like starting with a salesperson from a different industry off the street. That's just starting with someone who understands what we're trying to do, understands their market. And so, while someone off the street might take three years to get fully up to speed, what we found in previous acquisitions is that once we train people in the new terms and the new products that they get up to speed quite quickly and much faster than the three years. And so, I'm expecting  and CEB again, we found the salespeople to be just terrific. They really understand what they're doing, quite talented sales people. And so, I'd expect the transition is going to be much quicker than if we had people off the street.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And the other thing I'd add, Gary, good morning, is fundamentally the new seat-based products, because they do leverage best of both research from the traditional CEB side and from a traditional Gartner side and because they are seat-based products sold to a specific individual and then servicing a specific individual are, by their very nature, higher value products. And so, what we're doing is transforming the way that the CEB sales force has sold, but they are selling what we believe to be a significantly higher value product over the long term as well.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And what have you done with the product specifically to make it that "higher value product"? You talked at the time of the acquisition about adding some mobile capabilities, overtime working in some Gartner Research concepts and ultimately just  that's the option if you're a new customer to buy it that way. But are there other changes to the product that are going to start to allow you to upgrade that into the existing base or should we think that's more of a longer-term strategy? Thanks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, the fundamental changes to the product, first, the product is a seat-based product, which is an important difference, because it's about providing value to that individual. And so, right off the bat, you start off with a product that provides more value, because it's a value to a specific person. And so, just through design of the product starts with it. The second thing we've done is that we have added content from both Gartner and from CEB and that's true with every functions. So, our CFO is in here, I'll use finance as an example, many of the issues in finance are technology-related as well. We had existing Gartner Research that's very relevant for CFOs and their teams making decisions on technology. And it's a big area issue. That was not a strong point of CEBs. And so, if you take the traditional CEB content plus you add in the technology-oriented content, that would be relevant for a CFO or Head of HR or any of the other roles within a company, you have more content in addition to a product that's structured better, you actually have additional content. And the third thing we've done is in terms of research processes, Gartner and CEB had different kinds of processes. We've taken both of those  all the new products have both the traditional Gartner Research process, which was about analysts doing expert-based research, combine that with the CEB, which is about more using case studies and research based on what clients are actually doing, that adds more value than again either one did alone. And so, these new products are a combination  better structured. It has a combination of both technology clients as well as business content. And in addition to that, it has both types of research. And so, fundamentally, these are much higher value products than people had in the past. And so, we expect they will sell really well. And, in fact, the early returns are great. Sales force is very  the CEB sales force is very excited about these new products and we expect they'll retain better as well. And then, lastly, and we've already seen this of the new sales, there's going to be a mix of sales and we've already seen clients that were CEB clients with the old products saying, hey, these new products are great. I want to upgrade to those new products and so you can upgrade right there as well. (45:03) upgrade, but I think when people see the value, this is the experiences we've had in the past as well.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler, Baird. Please proceed.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. I know Gartner's always about continuous improvement, but in terms of the major changes you're planning to make to the CEB, I guess, sales processes and products, have they been made at this point or are you halfway through rolling them out? Just any commentary on that.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, at Gartner, we have a lot of really good approaches in recruiting, training and tools for salespeople, and it will take time to enlist all of those. It'll take a couple years, probably, to enlist all of those. What we're doing is starting with the highest leverage ones first. So, we're kind of taking the low-hanging fruit first, ones that have the highest impact. And so, we're focused on making sure we execute those things first. And so, what you'll see is that while it'll take a couple years to get everything fully implemented, we're focused on the highest leverage items first and so we get the biggest bang from those things as well.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then, on the acceleration in the traditional Gartner sales force head count growth and I know that it's closing some previously open territories, but anything in particular that's driving that new recruiting strategies, compensation plans or just why the step-up?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, two things, really. One is that we know that we sell more in a territory that has a salesperson that compare with one that doesn't have a salesperson. (46:51), because you have people that either don't perform and so they're not a good fit with Gartner or they get promoted, become managers or go to a more senior sales role, they get another area. So, you always have some level of turnover and we've been conscious of that. So, one of the strategies we've had is how can we be innovative and reduce those number of open sales territories. And it has to do with how we recruit, how long the recruiting pipeline is, things like that. And we've done some fundamental innovations there that have allowed us to focus on reducing those territories. The second piece of it is and, again, this has to do with innovations in our recruiting process, is that we have been continually improving our ability to identify really talented sales people. And so, the two things that made this come together now are, first, a purposeful explicit strategy of making sure we have fewer open sales territories in designing, recruiting and how we run sales to do that, and then, secondly, improvements in our whole recruiting approach and process that has identified really  people that are really a great fit, which has allowed us to accelerate that at this point in time. And so, you can think about it, again, we're still aiming to grow the sales force at about 13% and the other 4% is closing territories that otherwise would have been open. And, of course, like I said, we're somewhere in a higher (48:12) retention with that.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then, just finally, with the accelerated sales force side growth on the traditional IT side and then, is the 80 and 500 totally comparable? Are you saying 16% growth in the CEB side and then, I guess, related to that with teens growth in both, any early read on how to start thinking about 2018 margins?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, on the first part of your question, there is a bit over 500 people, varies day-to-day, but about 517 salespeople in the traditional CEB selling organization. So, we've added 80. And so, you can do the math on what percent growth that is. Now, obviously, the 80 people will be in their first year as a salesperson and we know they sell less in their first year than they do in their second year and less in their second year than they do in their third year. And so, this is an investment that's going to pay off over the next three years and thereafter, but will accelerate over the next three years. And so, you can calculate kind of  you can estimate what the growth is there. Obviously, it'll take time to ramp up. We're very happy with the quality. Because we're planning to having the in-territory already trained, ready to go January 1, a lot these people actually are already on board and in training and the quality of sales people is just terrific. They are a great fit for the business. And then, the second part of your question, I'll let Craig answer.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: So, I mean the other thing I'd just add on Gene's point is on the 80, we are  that is not 80 in one area, one function. So, it's actually spread out across the various functional sales teams that we have selling on the business side. So, I think HR, finance, marketing, et cetera and it's also distributed geographically as well. So, it sounds like a big number in terms of the absolute growth rate, but again like we do on the Gartner side, we are managing it, so that it's not wildly disruptive in terms of our go-to-market and selling processes for next year.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: In fact, just on that point, we did the same thing there as we did in Gartner. In the past, you heard me talk about what determines the growth rate that we achieved in our sales force fundamentally is management capacity, where do we think we have managers that have the capacity to grow? And so, as we look at the CEB sales force, we looked at where there is management capacity. And so, just adding the 80 or so sales people had to do with looking at an individual first-line manager, where are their first-line managers throughout the organization that had additional capacity. They're performing well and they have a capacity to take on additional head count growth or people that we could promote to managers that we think would have that capacity as well. So, this was done in a bottoms-up way just as we've always done in Gartner.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And, Jeff, the second part of your question, just remind me again.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Just the implications for an early 2018 margin outlook with accelerating head count growth on both sides.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. So, I mean, the way to think about that is on the Gartner side, we've been focused on adding in areas where we are doing the best and obviously slowing down in areas that are a little more challenged. The good news is, as our average productivity has shown improvement for the last couple of quarters, that gives us the confidence in more areas quite frankly. And again, we do expect given that we've seen this increase in the second half of 2017, they are in territory and they will be selling in Q4 and obviously they're in their first year. But as they progress in their tenure, you can look to see nice improvements over time in their overall productivity. We're not at a point yet where we're giving 2018 guidance, but I do think the way to think about it, particularly on the traditional Gartner side is, we will enter 2018 at current course and speed with a larger army and we are very focused on driving the productivity of that army as we head into 2018.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you both.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anj Singh, Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I have a two-part one to start off, following back up on the softer new sales at CEB. Is this more of the sales force needing to ramp up to the new changes? Is it more sort of the pricing that's a pushback, the contract structure being a pushback from clients or are they all two interrelated of factors to parse it out that way? And, Gene, I realized there was a  a while ago, that Gartner underwent this change, but is the reception or pushback, the disruptions you're seeing in line with what you had seen back then or are there some other complications that you'd call out?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, on the question about the new business impact, what I'd say is the impact is very limited and that there's a combination of factors. Like for example, I mentioned earlier, some of the  there were bunch of open territories with the sales and support teams. Those actually helped generate some of the new business by identifying opportunities and helping salespeople. So, I think that  and we'd now fill those, which is great. And then, secondly, in terms of the rate  the change, the sales force as I said earlier, yeah, there's two things you want to focus on. One is do they understand and want to do the changes? And secondly, do they actually have the skills to make those changes? We kind of call it will and skill. On the will side, we are 100% there. I mean I think from the sales leaders down to the front-line salespeople, that people totally understand what we're trying to do and are committed to it and that's gone at a much faster pace and has much better acceptance than I would have even expected. And then, also on the skill side, where it takes time to adjust your selling process and again I'd say that's actually going faster than I would have expected. And so, I would characterize the kind of change in new business, maybe half of it is due to a sort of the open more junior support people, which is now filled, and other half of it, and this is not a big problem anyway, was due to the adjusting to the new world we live in. And so, you asked me to compare it to, when we made these exchanges at Gartner, but also with Gartner  after Gartner, we had META, we've bought META, we had AMR and we've bought AMR, had Burton, we've bought got Burton. So, we've gone through this journey a lot and especially compared to when we did this with Gartner, our ability to help people understand what the changes are and develop their enthusiasm around and why is that good for them, is great. In fact, if I compare it, this is going much faster than any of the other ones we've done. Despite being very large, it's growing much faster than any of the ones we've done. We knew it was going to be a lot because it's such a large organization compared to our previous acquisitions. So, we put a real focus on change management, and that's really paying off. And so, if I compare it to the past, either what we did at Gartner or with other smaller acquisitions, this is going very smoothly and very quickly.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Anj, I think the other thing I'd add is we talked about this last quarter, and we talked about it, again, this quarter. These are absolutely the right things to do to support and drive future sustained growth. And, I think what we're seeing in terms of dislocation or impact is kind of noisy a little bit in terms of the overall results. Again, with all these changes, as Gene mentioned earlier, CEB contract value is still kind of on-trend to what its performance had been prior to the acquisition, while we're getting ourselves ready to actually tune up the machine and drive growth into the future. So, we're 100% committed that these are the right things to do. Again, we've done it on the Gartner side historically. We've run the same kind of plays when we've done other similar type of acquisitions that had similar business characteristics to what we've inherited or what we acquired from the CEB deal. And so, again, we're thinking about this around laying the foundation for future growth and, again, having seat-based products, having them with the right kind of contract terms, having them with pricing discipline are all the right things to do as we head into the future.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Got it. That's great color. A quick one on EBITDA, the change there, I just wanted to make sure I understood that correctly. Is that entirely being driven by the softer TA outlook or is there some impact from the core CEB business performance or your higher sales force head count at Gartner?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. It's a great question, Anj. What's happening there is predominantly related to the TA business. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, there's a number of dynamics happening in there. Some significantly smaller and going in both directions quite frankly. Really, probably I'd highlight one other specific item, which we alluded to in our Consulting comments, is we are still seeing a little bit of a productivity lag. And that obviously we can only burn the revenue that we have in backlog. And while we did see some nice uptick or uptick rather in the backlog position from Q2 to Q3, we're still not exactly where we'd love to be on those two teams. And so, there is a little bit of a drag related to the EBITDA adjustment from Consulting. But, again, the way to think about it is it's predominantly related to the continued trends on a TA business, and there's a variety of other little or smaller puts and takes in there as well.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Joe Foresi, Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed.
Mike Reid - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hey, guys. This is Mike Reid on for Joe. Thanks for taking our call. We noticed this year in the Events segment, we're seeing a good uptick in the number of attendees per event. Could you give us a little color on what you think is driving that uptick there?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Hey. It's Gene. So, there's two things that are driving the uptick. One is that, for our research clients, many of them get an entitlement to go to an event, and we know when they go to an event, they get a lot of value in that event. And so, we had growth in the research business, which has more people that are entitled and then, of those people that are entitled, a higher percentage of them going to the event because of our encouragement, because we know they get value. That's one piece of it. Then, the second piece of Events growth is that we know that people get a lot of value going to the event even if they're not a research client and those that come could be prospective future research clients. And so, we have a very active and quite innovative program to sell tickets to people that are not existing research clients, again, both for the value they get initially as well as because they learn about Gartner and they could be research clients in the future. And so, it's a combination of those things, both the  getting more of our existing clients and secondly having really terrific marketing programs that drive people that have challenges in their IT business to go to those events. And by the way, we're going to do the same thing on the CEB side. CEB did not have those capabilities. And CEB, again, has great events. We're going to be (01:00:12) marketing programs to drive a lot higher percentage of non-research clients to the CEB events.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And, Mike, fundamentally, our reason for being in the Events business is to provide that amazing experience for the end-users. And Joe was at our Orlando event and many of you on the call were at our Orlando event as well. That's the kind of experience that we want to provide to all of our attendees that go to our events across the entire portfolio. And it's just a great opportunity for, as Gene mentioned, Gartner seat holders to go and actually experience the research live and for non-Gartner seat holders to go and experience the research live. And the reason that they're willing to carve out a couple days of their busy schedules and buying a ticket is because they get so much value at that event.
Mike Reid - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Got it. Thanks. And then, in Consulting, you said some of the issues revolved around just a couple of teams. Have you ever given a number of total teams that are in the Consulting business?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. So, the way to think about it is we're organized by geography and practice and some are organized just by geography and some places, where we're larger, we're organized by a combination of region or geography and practice. What I'd say is we talked about two specific teams here. It's out of several across the entire Consulting organization. So, as Gene mentioned in his comments, and I think I did as well, broadly speaking, the Consulting business is performing well. We're driving very strong managing partner productivity, broadly speaking again, across the business. We have two pockets of challenges. Gene described in detail the specific challenges for each of those teams. We are working them, and we expect to have those things in much better shape as we roll into 2018.
Mike Reid - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hamzah Mazari from Macquarie. Please proceed.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hey, good morning. Thank you. The first question is just on the CEB sales force growth of 16%, is that number big enough? And the reason I ask is if I look at CEB, they didn't invest in SG&A at all. In 2015, it was 1% growth; 2016, it was low-single digits. And so, just curious, is there a catch-up spend on the CEB sales force you need to do or do you feel comfortable with current capacity in the system?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, we aspire to have really good double-digit growth with CEB for a long time, for decades. So, that's going to take a lot of sales force growth. And so, again, I think in terms of sales capacity, we'd love to have it 10 times as big as it is today and we will some day. But, in the short term, we felt like, as we get started, that to open up 2018  let me back up. So, as I said, the way we determine how fast to grow the sales force, what's our operational capability is fundamentally limited by the bandwidth of our management team. As we look to the management team at CEB today that we could get this level of growth, which we think will be on or ahead of track of what we would have expected. And that won't be the last time we had sales people at CEB. We will keep adding as we see management capacity there. And so, I take it as this is the first big  the first trajectory change, not the last.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah, Hamzah, it's Craig. Just to add to that, I think your observation around lack of or limited investment is 100% spot on. And that's probably true across a number of other areas of the business, but particularly on the sales side, but again, what we need to do, given the fact that we are implementing so much change, again we have to manage how much change and disruption teams can handle at one time. And again what we've done and we've learned this through experience on our own side is you have to find that right balance and the additional 80 right now in terms of that, first foray of significant growth, coupled with all the other operational change we're implementing is what we believe to be the right balance right now. If we are performing better, we'll figure out how to go faster. If it's not going to plan, we'll figure out how to tweak it to make it go faster. But think of this as kind of foray one in terms of injecting growth and investment into supporting longer-term sustainable growth for the CEB contract value business.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good. That's very helpful. Just a follow-up and I'll turn it over, just on the Consulting business, could you remind us of the lag from when you hire a new managing partner to when you start seeing business come in? Is that lag different than on the sales force side in the legacy Research business? Just curious on the Consulting side. Thank you.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, when we hire a new managing partner, those managing partners more than pay for themselves in their first year and their productivity continues to improve over the next two years. So, it's pretty much a wrap-up like sales, which should take three years typically to get the full productivity. But the people we hire in general do very well their first year as well.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And the one difference we generally have on the managing partner side as compared to the research sell side is a portion of our managing partners, our promotions is from within. And so, in those cases, while their "more junior" from managing partner perspective, they know Gartner, they know our capabilities, they have relationships with Gartner clients, et cetera. So, those, while generally smaller numbers, tend to ramp up to productivity a little bit more quickly than people coming from the outside. So, we have a mix and again it varies by region. So, there's really no answer around how much is promotion versus how much is hired externally, but we are dealing with those two populations as we grow our managing partner capacity.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan, Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. I was just wondering if you saw any increase in the demand in cyber research following the Equifax data breach and just some examples of maybe what products might apply in that case where people would be focused on trying to increase their cybersecurity.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, Toni, cybersecurity is clearly a very hot area for us. We have a security conference that is growing at very rapid rates and the demand in our security analyst is kind of at capacity, because of  as you said, it's so visible in the world today and every company needs to deal with it. So, it's clearly a very hot topic area for us.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And, Toni, the one thing I'd say from a product perspective, and this is sort of the beauty of the Gartner product portfolio, is you're buying an annual subscription and you have access to all that security content when you need it. But tomorrow, the issue might not be security, it might be moving to the cloud or it might be digitalizing your business. And so, again, we're not generally speaking of consulting organization, where we're going in with spot solutions. We do have a consulting team that actually does help with those kinds of things, but our research business, again, which is three quarters of our overall business, it's really about selling the annual subscription and giving our clients the view that the value proposition is broad and deep when they need it. And so, when security is a big deal, they have access to that security stuff. When cloud is a big deal for them, they have access to the cloud stuff. It certainly doesn't hurt as a conversation starter around, hey, you read about the Equifax breach last night or last week, rather, we have great stuff that can actually help you out, that's absolutely true. But, again, the beauty of our products and offerings are it's a 12-month subscription with access to everything when you want it and on demand.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. And then, Gene, you mentioned contract optimization was down 11% this quarter. Is there anything that you would attribute that to based on what you're hearing from customers or, I know that tends to be volatile, so could this quarter just be a little bit of an anomaly and not really more of a trend in delaying purchases?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. Toni, it's Craig. I think it's absolutely the latter as you just described it. Just to put it in perspective, Q3 generally is a pretty small quarter for our contract optimization business. So, about a 11% down was worth roughly $1 million. And on a year-to-date basis, our contract optimization business is actually up nicely year-over-year. So, it was a little bit of a blip in Q3, nothing we'd say or see from a trend perspective, in fact probably opposite, given on a year-to-date basis that we are performing better than last year comparably.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And just one last one for me, in Research, despite all of the challenges that we've all been talking about on  earlier in this call on the CEB side, you did raise the Research guidance  revenue guidance a bit. So, can you talk about maybe what was particularly better than what you previously expected on the legacy Gartner side? Thanks.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah, Toni. It was a pretty modest increase on a very large number. I think two things there. One is the traditional Gartner Research performance has improved consistently over the course of this year. Yeah, so we saw acceleration from Q1 to Q2 up to 15% growth. We stated 15% growth in Q3. And that, as we talked about a little bit, as we described our Q4 guidance, that is flowing through. That's the bulk of it. As always, we're adjusting for latest foreign exchange rates and things like that. And so, there's a little bit of modest tweaking on each of the revenue lines, but from a research perspective, it's really predominantly driven by our year-to-date NCVI performance on the traditional Gartner business.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Appert, Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Unknown Speaker: Hey, guys. This is actually (01:11:57). So, I just had a quick question about any momentum in recent strategic initiatives like a rollout of D&B Hoovers and other product initiatives you guys have? Any color you can provide on those would be great.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: I'm sorry Kevin (01:12:12), could you repeat that? I didn't catch all that come across (01:12:16).
Unknown Speaker: Sorry. Yeah, I was asking about recent strategic initiatives like the rollout of D&B Hoovers and the products. Any color you could provide on those? Hello?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. We're here.
Unknown Speaker: Can you hear me? Sorry.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: That's not part of our products.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Sorry.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, that's not what we anticipate.
Unknown Speaker: Yes. Okay. And then, so CEB total contract value down and are there some underlying, I guess, effect  the trends affecting CEB research business. I know CEB has been stronger with larger clients. And I guess with the industry overall moving from seat-based pricing  enterprise pricing and you guys moving in the opposite direction, so were you in the process of penetrating smaller clients, which is where CEB particularly has not done as well?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, two things I'd say. One is that Gartner, we serve all size clients. We serve everything from the largest companies, enterprises of the world, down to  enterprise base down to small enterprises. And we've done it very successfully. All segments have grown at great double-digit rates, quarter effort for many, many, many quarters. And so, we're good at all segments. We're taking that same expertise and applying it to CEB as well. They do have a business that's comparable to that sort of midsized enterprises, just like Gartner does. The talent there is terrific. As we've introduced products just as we  so, we've introduced new products not only for each functional area, but also we have distinct products for large enterprises versus the smaller ones. Because of the combination I think of products that are tailored, it's the same thing we've done in Gartner that made us successful, which is combination of products that are tailored for those specific market segments being the midsize segment as well and applying the same processes that we do in  have at traditional Gartner. We feel really good that CEB will perform really well in the midsize enterprise base just as well as Gartner had.
Unknown Speaker: All right. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Hall for closing remarks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, to summarize the key points for today's call, first, the combination of CEB and Gartner creates a quantum leap in capability and sustained extraordinary growth over the long term. We'll be able to address the mission critical priorities for every function across the enterprise with leading insights from the best of the both of two organizations. During Q3, the performance of traditional Gartner business continued to accelerate. We functionally integrated CEB and launched a host of new seat-based products. We introduced new commercial terms, accelerated sales force hiring and we're exploring strategic alternatives for the Talent Assessment business. Thanks for join us today and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes Gartner's third quarter 2017 earnings call. Thank you.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-08 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Sherief Hassan Bakr - Gartner, Inc. Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc. Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.
Analysts: Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Gartner's Earnings Conference Call for Second Quarter 2017. A replay of this call will be available through September 7, 2017. The replay can be accessed by dialing 888-286-8010 for domestic calls and 617-801-6888 for international calls by entering the pass code 50953420. This call is being simultaneously webcast, and will be archived on Gartner's website at www.gartner.com for approximately 30 days. I will now turn the conference over to Sherief Bakr, Gartner's Group Vice President of Investor Relations, for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir.
Sherief Hassan Bakr - Gartner, Inc.: Thank you, Jasmine, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's second quarter 2017 earnings call. I'm Sherief Bakr, Head of Investor Relations at Gartner. With me today in Stanford is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. This call would include a discussion of Q2 2017 financial results as disclosed in today's press release, as well as our updated outlook for 2017. After our prepared remarks, you'll have an opportunity to ask questions. In addition to today's press release, we have provided an accompanying presentation as a reference point for investors and analysts. Both the press release and the presentation are available on our website, investor.gartner.com. Now before we begin, I'd like to remind you that certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review these risk factors listed in these documents. With that, I would like to hand the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. Gene?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Good morning and welcome to our Q2 earnings call. We delivered another great quarter of double-digit growth in the second quarter of 2017. I continue to be extremely excited about our business, our prospects for growth and our strategy to provide value to our investors over the long term. Let me begin by reiterating where the combination of Gartner and CEB will create tremendous value. First, our clients need to make critical decisions in a very volatile environment. There is slow macroeconomic growth, volatile commodity prices and exchange rates, political uncertainties such as Brexit. Enterprises around the world address these critical issues with cross-functional teams. The combination of CEB and Gartner lets us help clients address these issues with every function in the business. In addition, virtually every company in the world is facing technology based disruption. No CEO can be competent without understanding how this impacts their company and their industry. The combination of Gartner's technology expertise plus CEB's business expertise gives us an unprecedented ability to help clients navigate these rapids. Beyond the impact on whole industries, technology is becoming critical in every function of the business. HR can't hire the best people, if they don't use analytics, customer service is negatively impacted if a company doesn't use artificial intelligence, and so on for every function in the business and the pace of technology-driven change is only accelerating. The combination of Gartner plus CEB allows us to help clients fully use technology in every business function. Finally, Gartner, CEB both had best practices in running their businesses. By combining the best of both operational practices, we will be better than either company was alone. The combination of Gartner plus CEB will provide a quantum leap in our own ability to help clients and in our operational practices. The combination of CEB and Gartner has other benefits as well. CEB's Evanta events business provides clients with high-value local events that are highly complementary to traditional Gartner destination events, such as Symposium. The combination of CEB and Gartner also brings CEB's Talent Assessment business. Over the next decade and beyond, we expect analytics to become a critical factor in virtually all high-end situations, and CEB is the market leader in this critical space. Let's now turn to how businesses performed in Q2. Consistent with our previous earnings calls and because of ongoing currency fluctuations globally, we're going to talk about our results in FX-neutral terms. During Q2, the traditional Gartner business accelerated. In the second quarter of 2017, total company revenues increased by 15%. Traditional Gartner contract value growth was also 15%. We achieved double-digit contract value growth in every region, across every size company and in virtually every industry. Traditional Gartner client retention was at 83%, which is consistent with the second quarter of 2016. Wallet check retention was 105%, which is a point above the same quarter last year. Both retention metrics are near all-time highs. Increase in sales productivity has been and remains a top priority for us. Over the past few years, we put in a number of programs to improve sales productivity. In Q2, we saw the impact of those programs, with sales productivity improving by 11% organically over the prior year. In traditional Gartner Consulting, we continue to deepen our research relationships with our largest clients and delivered great value. For Q2 2017, our Consulting business grew 8%. We continue to grow our Managing Partner strategy and maintained four months of backlog, which is in line with our operational targets. Our traditional Gartner Events revenues grew 13% in the second quarter of 2017. We hosted 25 events with more than 18,000 attendees compared to roughly 15,000 attendees across the same number of events last year. The Q2 was a strong quarter operationally for traditional Gartner business and we're committed to maintaining this momentum as we integrate with CEB. Performance of the traditional CEB business was slightly improved during Q2. Contract value in the traditional CEB Research business grew 1%, which is an improvement over the past several quarters. Wallet retention also improved from 93% to 94%. Revenues for the Talent Assessment segment fell 6%. We believe the decline in revenues was due primarily to a sales force regularization CEB made earlier this year, which integrated Talent Assessment sales with CEB Research sales. Talent Assessment bookings were up modestly year-over-year, as we quickly identified improvement opportunities. The Gartner CEB post-merger integration is going great. We've taken an aggressive approach to integrating the two companies to concentrate the changes that are likely to be the most disruptive in 2017. This will allow us to a smoother 2018 and beyond. As you may know, we closed the deal in early April. We have already largely completed organizational integration. The Gartner and CEB Research and advisory teams are integrated. The staff functions such as HR and finance are integrated. We've rationalized and integrated the Gartner and CEB sales teams. One of our biggest growth opportunities is introducing new products. We've already introduced several new products to offer substantially more value to functional business leaders in HR, finance, sales, legal and IT, and additional products will follow in the coming months. Retention is critical in any subscription business, so we began building service teams to ensure high retention of the new products as well as existing CEB clients. We're committed to achieving double-digit contract value growth in the traditional CEB functional areas, such as HR and finance. We've grown our sales recruiting teams and have already hired a significant number of new entry-level sales people. With aggressive recruiting plans in place, we plan to enter 2018 with a double-digit growth in the traditional CEB sales force. We've also changed CEB's traditional commercial terms. CEB's traditional research offerings were generally enterprise agreements, which offer unrestricted access to everyone within the organization. Enterprise agreements offer less value to clients than seat based offerings. As a result, all of our new offerings are seat based. Over time, all the traditional CEB products will be replaced by seat-based products. In the interim, existing CEB products will be sold limitations rather than as enterprise agreements. CEB often gave clients discounts as an incentive to close business. At Gartner, we found that offering discounts doesn't offer much value to clients and is a distraction from discussing value with them. So, we're phasing out discounting for new clients. We've integrated the company's event businesses. The CEB destination events have been integrated with the Gartner Events business and we're building exhibitor and ticket sales forces to fully monetize these great events. We've brought an experienced events leader for the Evanta business. CEB had integrated many aspects of the Talent Assessment business with the CEB Research business. We believe the Talent Assessment business will be much more successful as a standalone business, analogous to the way we run Gartner Events and Gartner Consulting businesses. As a result, we have un-integrated Talent Assessment business and established it as a standalone business. We've had a strong General Manager for the business who is a senior leader in the SHL Talent Assessment business, before it was acquired by CEB. While we are combining Gartner and CEB to accelerate growth, there are significant synergies. We've achieved approximately $40 million in projected run rate savings within the first 120 days. As I said previously, we plan to fund some of the investments I described earlier using a portion of these synergies. And of course, there is more work to be done. Specifically, the systems that support the business need to be harmonized and/or integrated, and we'll capture significant additional run rate savings over the next couple of years. We built a very aggressive iteration plan and progress to-date has been great. For example, turnover in the traditional CEB sales force has dropped by about 10 percentage points, a significant and important improvement. This sales force is extremely enthusiastic for the exciting new products. We found the quality of research insights produced by traditional CEB to be even more exceptional than we'd initially assessed. We've also found people throughout the organization are extraordinary talented, capable and committed to providing great service to clients. The leadership changes in the Evanta and Talent Assessment businesses have been well received by associates in those business segments. As I mentioned earlier, we've purposely chosen to move rapidly with integrating CEB and Gartner, we've done this to get the full benefits from integration sooner and to get disruptions we may face completed during 2017. We've also designed the integration program to minimize the impact on the performance of the traditional Gartner business. The strong Q2 results in our traditional Gartner business reflect this approach. The changes I discussed earlier disproportionately impacted the traditional CEB organization. For example, the traditional CEB sales force will need to develop new skills as they begin selling seat-based products rather than enterprise agreements. Clients often expect discount in any product they buy. The traditional CEB sales team will need to develop their skills selling without discounting. We have plans in place to address these risks. But given the magnitude and pace of change, we could hit some speed bumps with the traditional CEB segments during the second half of 2017. Also the changes are based on well-proven Gartner operational practices. Over the long-term, we are confident these changes result in strong, sustained double-digit growth in the traditional CEB business areas, just as they have for the traditional Gartner business. Summarizing, the combination of CEB and Gartner will create a quantum leap in capability and sustained extraordinary growth over the long term. We'll be able to address the mission-critical priorities for every function across the enterprise with leading insights and the best of the two organizations. During Q2, the performance of the traditional Gartner business continued to accelerate. CEB growth accelerated, retention strengthened, and sales productivity improved at double-digit rates. In addition, the traditional CEB business saw modest improvements. We developed a very aggressive integration plan and it's going great. We've already integrated our organizations, launched new products, introduced new commercial terms, accelerated sales force hiring and set up Talent Assessment as a standalone business. And that's just in the first 120 days and we're just getting started. With that, I'll turn it to Craig Safian, our Chief Financial Officer.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. In addition to discussing our quarterly performance and updated annual outlook, I'll spend some time this morning walking you through our new reportable segments and other disclosure highlights as a result of the CEB acquisition. Starting with our reporting segments; as you've all seen from today's press release, we now have four reportable segments, Research, Consulting, Events, as well as Talent Assessment & Other. Starting with Research. Research continues to be our largest and most profitable segment, representing approximately 72% of our combined full year 2016 company revenues and approximately 80% of total gross contribution. Research comprises the previously-disclosed Gartner Research segment with two additions. First, approximately 80% of the revenues of what was reported as the CEB segment, these revenues relate to core CEB subscription-based research products and services, which we'll refer to primarily as BPDS. The other and significantly smaller change  change to the Research segment is that we have also included results related to strategic advisory services or SaaS. These revenues make up about 1% of Research revenues, but were previously included in our Consulting segment. SaaS revenues are principally generated from one- or two-day research analyst engagements requested by our largest clients, for which they pay an additional amount relative to their subscription service. Correspondingly, Consulting, which represents slightly more than 9% of our full year 2016 combined company revenues and 4% of total gross contribution, now no longer include the SaaS revenues that I just mentioned. Moving to Events, where we've added CEB's Events business to the Gartner Events business. CEB's Events revenues were predominately comprised of the Evanta asset that was acquired in May 2016. On a full year 2016 basis, Events represented approximately 9% of our combined revenues and 8% of total gross contribution. Finally, we've added a new reportable segment, Talent Assessment & Other, which we'll often call TA & Other. This segment is made up of CEB's Talent Assessment business plus the remaining 20% of CEB's segment revenues that are not included in our core research segment. These revenues are related to ancillary CEB Research products and services such as training, workforce surveys and leadership academies. TA & Other represented approximately 9% of our combined 2016 revenues and 8% of total gross contribution. For modeling and comparability purposes, we are also providing historical revenues, adjusted revenues and contribution margin for the combined company in our full reportable segments for the four quarters of 2016, as well as Q1 2017. This information along with an in-depth overview of our Q2 performance is available in the two documents we have furnished to accompany this call, both located on our Investor Relations website. While we have folded CEB into our reportable segments and added a new one, we are committed to providing the financial community with the appropriate level of transparency to be able to track the performance of the core CEB Research business. In addition, we want to provide transparency to be able to continue to attract the performance of the traditional Gartner business. On last quarter's call, I mentioned that we were in the process of harmonizing calculation methodologies to make key CEB metrics comparable and aligned with Gartner metrics. As an example, for the traditional Gartner business, our total contract value metric represents the annualized value of all our subscription-based contracts. While, CEB did report contract value, we have now recast that measure to be aligned with how we've traditionally done it with the Gartner business. In doing so, we have excluded certain CEB products and services that do not meet the criteria of our CV definition. You'll find the historical details of the recast contract value on slide 19 in our earnings presentation. Similarly, we have harmonized how we calculate wallet retention to also be consistent with how we calculate retention at Gartner. I will come back and discuss the trends of these metrics in a few minutes as a part of my quarterly segment review. We will also discuss our top-line results using both GAAP revenue and adjusted revenue. The only difference is that adjusted revenue excludes the deferred revenue fair value adjustment that is required as a part of purchase accounting. Turning to our Q2 performance, our year-over-year financial performance for the quarter included total combined company adjusted revenue growth of 9%, driven by 13% growth for the traditional Gartner business and a 3% decline for the acquired CEB business. Combined adjusted EBITDA $185 million and combined adjusted diluted EPS of $0.88 per share, above the top end of our guidance range for the quarter. Please note that our second quarter 2017 GAAP revenues of $844 million, includes an approximately $91 million deferred revenue adjustment. Therefore, on an adjusted basis, our revenue for the quarter was $935 million. Our exceptional business model continues to create a consistently high level of free cash flow conversion. On a rolling four quarter basis with three quarters of standalone Gartner and one quarter of Gartner plus CEB, our reported free cash flow conversion was 118% of adjusted net income. However, if we calculate free cash flow conversion on a rolling four quarter basis for the combined company, our free cash flow conversion would have been 126% through Q2. I'll now discuss our second quarter combined business segment and P&L in depth, highlighting the performance of the traditional Gartner and acquired CEB business where appropriate, before turning to our balance sheet and cash flow dynamics. I will then close with remarks on our updated 2017 guidance, which incorporates our new reportable segments. We will then be happy to take your questions. Please note that my segment discussion will focus on the adjusted revenue and adjusted contribution margin performance in Q2, therefore, adding back the deferred revenue fair value adjustment I just mentioned. Please also note that we've included a lot of this information in the presentations on our IR website. Beginning with Research. On a combined basis, adjusted Research revenue grew 11% in the second quarter. The adjusted gross contribution margin for Research was 68% or a 130 basis point decline compared to the second quarter of 2016 on a comparable basis. This modest decline is primarily due to our newer acquired businesses such as Capterra, SCM World and L2 having lower gross contribution margins than traditional business. Adjusted revenues for the traditional Gartner Research business increased by 15% in the second quarter. Acquisitions, primarily L2 and SCM World had a slightly less than 2 point impact on the traditional Gartner Research adjusted revenue growth for the quarter. Our other traditional Gartner Research business metrics also remained very strong with accelerating contract value growth, accelerating sales productivity and improvements in our retention metrics. Total contract value was almost $2 billion as of the end of Q2, FX-neutral growth of 15% versus the prior year, and an acceleration from the growth we delivered last quarter. For reference and comparison, our Q2 2016 total contract value at current-year FX rates was $1.73 billion. On an organic basis, excluding the contribution of L2, which we acquired in March 2017, total contract value growth for traditional Gartner Research would have been 14% on an FX-neutral basis, also an acceleration from the growth we delivered last quarter. We continue to drive contract value growth through strong retention rates and consistent growth of new business. From a traditional Gartner Research perspective, client retention was 83%, up 40 basis points from the second quarter of 2016, and up slightly on a sequential basis. Wallet retention ended at 105% for the quarter, up by almost a point year-on-year and 50 basis points on a sequential basis. Both of our retention figures are close to our all-time highs. New business growth for traditional Gartner Research remained strong, up 14% year-on-year in Q2. The new business mix is consistent with prior quarters and remains balanced between new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. And as always, we also benefit from our consistent price increases. Our new business growth reflects our success in penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing client enterprises. We ended the first quarter with 11,164 enterprise clients, up 7% compared to Q2 2016. The average spend for enterprise also continues to grow. It now stands at $179,000 per enterprise, up 8% versus prior year on an FX neutral basis. This increase in average spend reflects our ability to drive CV growth through both new and existing enterprises. Turning to sales productivity for the traditional Gartner Research sales force. Over the last rolling four quarters, we delivered $265 million of FX-neutral net contract value increase or NCVI. When divided by our beginning of period head count, which was 2,297 quota-bearing heads, our rolling four quarter productivity per account executive was $116,000. Excluding the impact of the L2 acquisition, sales productivity was up 11% year-on-year and 5% sequentially. As always, we remain highly focused on improving our sales productivity and remain confident that the initiatives we have implemented to drive productivity will positively impact the results of both the short and long-term. Turning to the performance of CEB Research in the quarter; CEB adjusted research revenues declined by 1% year-on-year in Q2, an improvement from the 4% year-on-year decline in Q1. CEB's other research metrics also improved in the quarter. Contract value converted to Gartner's methodology was $578 million, a 1% year-on-year increase on an FX neutral basis, compared to a 1% decline in the first quarter. In addition, wallet retention also using Gartner's methodology ended the quarter at 94%, an increase of 80 basis points compared to the year-ago quarter. Moving to Events. As I mentioned at the start of my comments, our Events segment now includes the former CEB Events business, which is essentially the Evanta asset that CEB acquired in 2016, as well as CEB's destination events, which include the ReimagineHR and CEB's sales and marketing summits. The traditional Gartner Events business as you know holds more than 60 large destination events, such as our Symposium series for CIOs. Evanta holds approximately 200 smaller community-led events that don't require the attendees to travel. On a combined basis, adjusted Events revenues increased by 10% year-on-year in Q2. Events' second quarter adjusted gross contribution margin was 56%, down by approximately 200 basis points compared to the year-ago quarter. While CEB Events revenue was approximately flat on a year-on-year basis, the traditional Gartner Events business had a very strong quarter in Q2, with a 13% year-on-year increase in same-event revenue, a more than 100 basis point year-on-year improvement in contribution margin, and an 18% increase in same-event attendees. Turning to Consulting, on a comparable basis, second quarter Consulting revenues increased by 6% on a reported basis and 8% FX-neutral, driven by a strong performance in our contract optimization business. On the labor-based side, global head count of 667 was up 7%, and we had 128 managing partners at the end of Q2, a 14% increase over the year-ago quarter. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for Consulting business, ended the quarter at $91 million, down 1% year-on-year on an FX-neutral basis. Consistent with our new segment presentation, please note that our Consulting backlog no longer includes the backlog associated with SaaS. Consulting gross contribution margin increased by 160 basis points year-on-year, primarily due to the strong performance of the contract optimization business. Turning to TA & Other. Adjusted revenue in the TA & Other segment declined by 6% compared to the year-ago quarter. This was primarily due to a continuation of recent trends at TA. In addition, and as Gene commented, we moved quickly to address some of TA's legacy organizational issues, which we believe will drive improved performance going forward. Encouragingly, we did see some improved momentum towards the end of the quarter and ended Q2 with higher year-on-year bookings for the quarter. Moving down the income statement. On a combined basis, SG&A increased by 10% year-over-year in the second quarter. Our sales force continues to be our largest investment and as of the end of the second quarter, the traditional Gartner business had 2,574 quota-bearing sales associates. This is an increase of 277 or 12% from a year ago, and we continue to plan for approximately 13% sales head count growth for the traditional Gartner business in 2017. The acquisition of CEB adds more than 500 quota-bearing research sales associates. While this is essentially flat on a year-on-year basis, as Gene mentioned, we have already started to grow sales head count and we'll leverage our proven best practices around recruiting, training and tools to drive accelerated CV growth and improved productivity. As a growth company and now as a much larger growth company, we also continue to invest in areas such as recruiting, technology, facilities and other areas to support our strategy of delivering sustained double-digit growth over the long-term. At the same time, we're making good progress on cost synergies related to the CEB acquisition, specifically in G&A functions. Given the investments we have already made and plan to make through the balance of the year to drive accelerated growth in CEB's contract value, we continue to expect very modest net synergy flow through in 2017. We remain on track to deliver on our 2018 cost synergy target and are working very diligently to harvest as much of the $50 million as possible in 2018. Moving down the income statement; depreciation charges increased year-over-year in the quarter, predominantly reflecting the addition of CEB, while amortization and integration charges were up significant, again related to the transaction. Our GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 35.4%. Adjusting for acquisition and non-recurring charges, our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 30.9%. A lower than expected adjusted tax rate positively impacted our Q2 adjusted EPS by approximately $0.04. This was primarily due to the timing of certain tax costs that are expected to be realized in the remainder of the year. We continue to expect our full year GAAP tax rate to be approximately 33% to 34% and approximately 32% to 33% on an adjusted basis. GAAP diluted earnings per share was negative $1.03 in the second quarter. Our GAAP EPS figure also includes $1.91 of non-GAAP adjustments. Therefore, on an adjusted basis, our EPS in Q2 was $0.88 or $0.03 above the high-end of our guidance range, helped by the lower adjusted tax rate I just referenced. Normalizing for this, our adjusted EPS would have been approximately $0.84 in the quarter. Turning now to cash; in Q2, operating cash flow was $112 million compared to $148 million for the standalone Gartner business in the year-ago quarter. As I commented last quarter, CEB has historically had different cash flow seasonality at Gartner, where CEB's strongest cash flow quarter has been Q1, followed by its weakest quarter in Q2. On a combined basis, operating cash flow increased by 1% in Q2. It is also important to note that our Q2 operating cash flow includes significant acquisition and integration payments, which we adjust out for our free cash flow calculation. Pivoting the free cash flow, Q2 2017 CapEx was $31 million and Q2 cash acquisition and integration payments were $48 million, compared to less than $1 million in Q2 2016. This yields Q2 free cash flow of $129 million, approximately 50% higher when compared to combined company free cash flow in Q2 2016. The timing of our contract value growth is a key driver of our quarterly free cash flow performance and our strong research results from March and across Q2 have begun converting to free cash flow. Turning to the balance sheet; we had a busy quarter related to the CEB acquisition, which closed in early April. If you recall, on last quarter's call, I focused my comments on our post-close balance sheet rather than the end of March snapshot. Relative to the approximately $3.6 billion of gross debt we had as of April 5, we have repaid more than $160 million by the end of Q2, with a quarter-ending gross debt level of approximately $3.5 billion. From a net debt perspective, we had approximately $2.9 billion at the end of Q2, which translates to approximately 4.1 times leverage on a pro forma combined last 12 months of adjusted EBITDA. Given the favorable cash flow characteristics of the combined company, we remain firmly on schedule to de-lever to approximately three times gross leverage within the first two to three years of closing the acquisition. Turning to guidance; slide 13 of the presentation provides you with our updated outlook for 2017. As is our practice, our EPS guidance is on both a GAAP and adjusted basis. At a high level, our combined adjusted revenue outlook is unchanged, while we have tightened our full year adjusted EBITDA, cash flow and EPS outlook ranges. In addition, we have also updated our segment guidance to reflect our new reporting structure, which incorporates the CEB acquisition. And I'll also remind you that our full year guidance includes 12 months of Gartner plus 9 months of CEB results. Starting with revenue; for 2017, we continue to expect combined company adjusted revenue of between $3.4 billion and $3.5 billion. This is comprised of the following. For Research, we expect combined adjusted revenues of between $2.57 billion and $2.62 billion. For the traditional Gartner Research business, we expect to continue our trend of mid-teen revenue growth in 2017. This is obviously supported by the very strong contract value growth we just reported. For Consulting, we expect revenues of between $319 million and $334 million, which essentially reflects the shift in SaaS revenue from the Consulting segment to the Research segment. For Events, we expect adjusted revenues of between $328 million and $347 million. For the traditional Gartner Events business, we continue to expect double-digit adjusted revenue growth in 2017. And for TA & Other, we expect adjusted revenue of between $214 million and $226 million. Again, these are adjusted revenue ranges, you will find the reconciliation of our adjusted revenue guidance ranges to GAAP revenue on slide 14 of the presentation. Turning to adjusted EBITDA; as mentioned, we've narrowed our expected adjusted EBITDA range for 2017, trimming the high end of our previous guidance range by $15 million. This modest reduction to the midpoint of our adjusted EBITDA guidance is driven by two factors. First, the vast majority of our change is due to our decision to accelerate certain frontline investments in areas that will fuel CEB's growth for the future. Given the rapid progress we have made so far with the CEB integration, we are confident of the incremental benefit this will yield going forward. The other and smaller change is to our outlook for the Evanta and Talent Assessment businesses, where we've had to focus on fortifying the structures we have acquired to set them up for future growth. As I commented last quarter, our GAAP 2017 earnings per share is expected to be significantly impacted by acquisition and integration charges, of which the vast majority are non-cash in nature. Slide 15 of the presentation reconciles the per share difference between our updated GAAP and adjusted EPS guidance ranges. We now expect the after-tax of these adjustments to total approximately $4.26 at the midpoint of our guidance. Putting this altogether, we now expect full year 2017 adjusted EPS of between $3.32 and $3.49 per share. Slide 17 details the key assumptions below EBITDA that we've used to calculate our updated adjusted EPS outlook. Given that our below-the-line assumptions are essentially unchanged, I won't take you through them in detail. For our tax rate, we continue to project an annual effective rate for GAAP of approximately 33% to 34% and for adjusted earnings of approximately 32% to 33%. In addition, our tax rate may also vary from quarter-to-quarter due to the projected geographic mix of earnings, the impact of ASU 2016-09 related to stock-based awards, as well as the timing of certain items. Finally, our EPS guidance is based on a weighted average fully-diluted share count of approximately 89.5 million to 90.5 million shares for the full year 2017. Turning to our Q3 guidance; for the third quarter of 2017, we expect GAAP EPS of between negative $0.67 and negative $0.72. This includes approximately $1.20 per share of non-GAAP adjustments, predominantly related to acquisition charges. Therefore, on an adjusted basis, we expect adjusted EPS of between $0.48 and $0.52 per share for the third quarter 2017. To provide some additional color on expected seasonal trends, third quarter is typically a seasonally light events quarter from both the traditional Gartner and CEB Events perspective, followed by a seasonally-strong Q4, where we typically generate half of our annual Events revenue. In closing, we had a strong start to the year and we expect this performance to continue throughout the balance of 2017. Our Research business delivered another quarter of mid-teens growth and contract value growth was 15%. We also saw acceleration in our CV growth, sales productivity and retention measures. Our Events business is on track to deliver double-digit growth in 2017 and Consulting delivered another quarter of growth following a very strong year-ago quarter. From a standalone Gartner perspective, our 2017 revenue and adjusted EBITDA outlook is largely unchanged and we expect to continue our trend of double-digit growth. The addition of CEB further strengthens our ability to capture the best market opportunity ahead of us, as we are now able to address the mission-critical priorities of virtually all functional business leaders across every industry and size of enterprise worldwide. And the deal was immediately accretive to our bottom-line. As Gene mentioned, the integration is going exceptionally well. We set aggressive timelines, and we are achieving or beating them. This has given us the confidence to accelerate a number of investments, such as growing the CEB sales force to accelerate our ability to capture the vast market opportunity that exists. And it's important to note, we've done all of that while driving acceleration of performance in the traditional Gartner business. Now, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler with Baird. Please proceed.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes, thank you. Sounds like a lot of good things going on and a lot of positives from the CEB. So I guess the one negative surprise was the Evanta and Talent Assessment business, but it's nothing to do with the value prop of the business relative to expectations, it's just like some other things at CEB, how it was operated in execution, and you've identified that and are making the changes?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Hey, Jeff, it's Gene. Yeah. So, that's a very fair characterization. Both businesses are terrific, I'll take Evanta first. Evanta is a business that we do very well. In fact, when CEB bought it, we would have liked to have bought it and so it's a terrific business, very complementary. CEB did not have  we have probably the world's leading Events business, CEB was not really in the Events business and didn't run it as effectively as it could have we think. And so in any event, we've got a great leader for the business, we've made a bunch of operational changes and we think that's going to be a great source of future growth. But again, it's a business we do very well anyway, so we're excited about that. Talent Assessment is a similar story, which is as I said in my remarks, Talent Assessment is an area that we think to look out over the next decade and beyond, it's a huge growth area because every company is going to be using analytics to hire. And our Talent Assessment business is the market leader in that space and there are some businesses that should be integrated with Research and some that'll be separate. CEB had made the decision to try and integrate it and we don't think it worked that great. We've set up a standalone business, got a great leader for it and in fact as I mentioned, the bookings actually is on a good track, so the revenues were a little disappointing, but that's obviously for bookings in the past. The bookings, actually, we're on a good track and we're quite optimistic about the business. Just another example there is there are a lot of open sales territories, which obviously you don't sell as much in open sales territories, we'll fix those kinds of problems.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then on the  I guess you're ahead of plan for the integration, so you have the footing in place to start to accelerate the investments and especially the sales force growth sooner than expected at CEB, so that's the other I guess change if I'm characterizing that correctly, and can you give us any sense I think you said exit with 10% growth at the CEB sales force head count. Was there any prior expectation just in terms of sizing up how much you're accelerating things?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, the  overall integration of CEB is going extraordinarily well. It's going  when you plan these things before the deal, you plan a certain way; things have gone very well. So, as I mentioned, organizationally we're essentially 100% integrated, and the most important, the biggest opportunity is we've already introduced new integrated products, which we're quite excited about and the sales force is quite excited about. We've gotten sales force turnover and the CEB sales force is down already, because they're excited about being part of the sales-driven company and also the new offerings, et cetera. And in addition to that, we've started ramping up hiring of salespeople at a faster rate than we might have thought beforehand, just because things have gone quite well. And so, what I said in my remarks is that we expect to enter 2018 with double-digit growth in the CEB traditional sales force area.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And Jeff, it's Craig. The additional color I'd add is we always contemplated in our longer term  mid-term and longer term business case, absolutely growing the CEB sales force over time, given the size of the market opportunity. I think given everything we've seen in the first 120 days, it gave us the confidence to actually pull that forward, because as Gene mentioned, the integration was going exceptionally well. We were able to actually get new products out in market sooner than we thought. And so, given all of that, we decided to pull forward essentially the investment in growing that CEB sales force.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, that all makes a lot of sense. And then are you willing to start providing any sense of how you're thinking about the TAM for the CEB business at this point?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, we're not going to put any quantification on it yet, we'll do  we'll probably do that at Investor Day early next year. But the way  one way to think about it is we believe that  so if you look at the functions in a typical enterprise, things like IT, HR, sales, et cetera. There are some functions that are comparable sized in terms of number of people, budget in the organization as IT or maybe even bigger. So like in a lot of companies, the sales force and the sales spending could be as big or bigger than the IT budget. HR is often is comparable to the IT budget. And so as we look at it, a lot of the new functions that we're getting with CEB have the potential to be as big or even bigger than the IT market; other functions are smaller. So legal for example, wouldn't have as many people or as big a budget, so it would definitely it will be smaller. So I think there are number of functions which we think have very huge opportunity  actually all of them have huge opportunities. Some are typical IT or even bigger, and some of will be a little bit smaller, again we'll size that more precisely next year at Investor Day is kind of our intention.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee with RBC. Please proceed.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. Craig, I guess the first question, so the Q3 guidance is quite a bit below what we were expecting. Can you give us any incremental color on the cadence of spending or other factors that would be impacting the level of profitability next quarter?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, Gary. I think it's actually really a seasonality thing in terms of the calendar of the events schedule. So if you think about our business, spending is pretty consistent on a quarter-over-quarter basis, given the bulk of our spending relates to people on board. We've always had a skew that showed Q1 and Q3 as our lightest profit quarters and that's really driven by our events calendar with Q2 and Q4 being bigger event revenue quarters. We've only compounded that with the CEB acquisition, where the Evanta business is predominantly a Q2 and Q4 revenue generator. And in Q1 and Q3, there's essentially no revenues but we are carrying cost related to the team that delivers those events. And so I think, essentially it's just we are now just a little bit more heavily weighted in Q4 given the Evanta business. And the other thing I'd mention is last year's Q4, we did not perform as we wanted to on the Events business. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're actually back on track on our Events business. So, we actually expect to deliver nice growth in Events contribution in Q4 as well. So, it's really those two factors.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, great. And then, Gene, you acknowledged the potential for some, I think, you called them speed bumps within the CEB segment as you push through all these positive changes. Is that  can you give us a sense as to  is that largely sales related and will that impact Research or could  where would that come and how  any way to size what would be I guess is what I'm getting at. Thanks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, as you mentioned, we're making a lot of operational changes, which are really proven practices that we've done at Gartner and have really been key to the great double-digit growth we've had over such a long period of time. So, we want to implement those things at CEB, we expect that it's going to have the same results with CEB. It will get us that kind of double-digit growth rate. As you mentioned, I said there might be  so far we've not hit speed bumps, but it's certainly prudent to believe that as you make these changes that there could be some speed bumps that you hit along the way. It could be anywhere in the business, but I think the one that would be most likely would be in sales where again the sales people have to develop new skills along the lines in particular in two areas. One is, Gartner sells seat-based products, by the way, we went through this transition when we first went Gartner was enterprise agreements and we  so we know how to transition from enterprise to seat-based, but it does require different skills in terms of how you talk to clients and explain the value. And then secondly, the whole discounting where we've established a policy our clients understand, we don't discount, let's focus on the value that you're getting from the product, but that's how most companies operate, including the way CEB did, and so I think those two areas could impact sales, haven't seen anything yet, but we think it certainly could happen.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And Gary, specifically it would be an impact probably most acutely on new business. From a retention perspective, we're working with our clients, we're making sure they're engaged and getting value and we'll continue to renew them, and as you saw, we actually saw a modest uptick in the wallet retention rate for CEB. So, the speed bump potential, again these aren't huge speed bumps, these are probably smaller speed bumps, but is really on the new business side. We're in...
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then...
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: I other thing I'd say, Gary, in terms of the risk is the sales force the CEB sales force, we've taken these changes, they totally understand why we wanted these changes, why it gives them more better market opportunity and are I think quite enthusiastic about the changes, and so, but we do think despite all the things sort of looking very positive, we do think it's prudent that something we could have some speed bumps. (50:40) also on retention, we're quite optimistic.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That makes sense. And then just one last quick one on that retention point, I think you've highlighted this from the beginning as one of the biggest opportunities, have you put in your "model" or is that something that we should think takes longer to really begin to  I realize it'll take a while to show up in the numbers, but is that one of the things you've been able to do quickly? Thank you.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: We've started putting them on and we've also discovered some great news with it, which is when CEB clients have the same level of engagements as Gartner clients, they have the same retention rates. And so we have a lot of confidence that as we put these programs in place that there is no reason CEB retention shouldn't be as good as Gartner retention. We've already started doing those and again as you can tell we've started seeing those results. We're not done, there's still a lot of work to be done, but we're well on the path.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tim McHugh with William Blair. Please proceed.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yes, thanks. I was wondering, you mentioned some of the change to the outlook for guidance, it was kind of two dimensions, a little bit of it was Evanta and SHL and some of the, I forget how you phrased it, but changes you made there. I guess, can you quantify that aspect of it versus the other part, how much of the change in outlook is from each?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah, sure. Hey, good morning, Tim. The way to think about it is, I think the majority of the change relates to us accelerating investments that we believe will drive great long-term value. So, think in the 60%, 70% of the change, balance related to some softness on TA and Evanta revenues. And also, quite frankly, investing with the right leadership and filling out the team so that we can actually deliver over the long-term in those two businesses as well, but think roughly 60%, 70% on the acceleration investment, balance on fortifying the TA and Evanta businesses.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And the accelerated investments, I know you  it's early to think about 2018 at this point, I guess, but is this is a pull forward in spending from 2017 or from 2018 to 2017 or is this a pull forward, I guess, in the context of a kind of a medium-term increase investment outlook? Just trying to think of, do we get back some of the spending we're looking at here in 2018 or is this a couple of years now before we kind of recoup and get back to maybe the margin levels that you otherwise would have expected?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: So, Tim, I think that the way to think about it is the acceleration on the investment are some of the things that Gene mentioned in his prepared remarks, so probably the biggest one related to actually starting to grow the sales force, again where CEB Research sales had been flattish, the number of head count over the last several years. And so, again we always contemplated as a part of our business case that because of that market opportunity, we talked about it a little bit earlier that we would be consistently growing the CEB sales force over time. The reason why we've pulled forward the investment or actually the better way to articulate it is, we started the investment a little bit earlier than we had originally contemplated is that number one, integration was going really, really well and we saw the opportunity to do that. Number two, if we get them onboard and trained over the course of 2017, while there'll still be new sales people, who inherently have lower productivity, they will actually yield some benefit in 2018. But again, you know the cycle of how, when we hire new sales people in year one, they're less productive, in year two they're a little bit more productive and then by the year three they typically look like a fully-tenured sales person. So in essence, we pulled forward the training and the hire  recruiting and training so that we can start the journey a little bit sooner than we had originally contemplated.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just one last one if I could, from an operating metric standpoint, I just want to, I guess, understand what you're saying, Craig, are you going to give us at least for a little while here the CEB versus the Gartner  legacy Gartner contributions to these new segments or is this kind of the last quarter where we see that? And then what should we expect from the kind of the operating metrics standpoint? Are we going to get sales head count and so forth separately for Gartner versus CEB and same thing with wallet retention and so forth?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. It's a great question, Tim. The  what I can tell you is, through the end of 2017, we will breakout contract value growth and wallet retention for the traditional Gartner business and the traditional CEB business. It's harder to do the breakouts on revenues, segment expense and contribution margin. So we'll try and focus on the key operating measures so that we can show you progress both on the traditional Gartner side and on the traditional CEB side. As Gene mentioned, we all are fully integrating across the board, and that makes pulling and parsing some of this a little bit more difficult. As we head into 2018, there are some shifts in terms of CEB had a technology business selling to CIOs and technology professionals. We've already integrated that into the Gartner technology sales force. And we had a supply chain and marketing sales organization, and we're integrating that into the what was the traditional CEB sales force. So, the fidelity gets a little hard to track. That said, we'll figure out the right way to provide transparency and progress on was the traditional Gartner business maybe with a few tweaks based on those integration adjustments I mentioned and on the traditional CEB business, again with a couple of tweaks to reflect how we've actually integrated and are running the business.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen. Gene, the first question I had, you've always been positive and bullish about these deals. But I guess, some of the choice of words today were pretty forceful in terms of tremendous value, quantum leap, aggressive approach, et cetera, et cetera. So, I was just wondering this early into the integration, was it just that you found a lot of the easy loopholes that you didn't think you would find to fix CEB or broadly maybe you can just help understand those choice of voice?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah, great question. So, CEB before we bought them was a public company. And as such didn't give us a lot of access to their people or their internal information. We essentially had no access until after we closed, which was again four months ago, so it wasn't that long ago. And we did a lot of work beforehand actually as you know over a decade with customer research, research you can get on the outside, but having done it you don't know until after the acquisition how enthusiastic associates are going to be, you don't know kind of the internal data like we talked about how we calculate client retention versus how they calculate is a little bit different. And so while beforehand, we were quite enthusiastic and obviously believe to create a tremendous amount of value, what we found  as we closed the deal and gotten access to the inside information and I actually talked to the associates, we found that it's actually even better than we thought it was going to be. And so that's why you  and the second thing, because of that is, that we're going faster than we had laid out originally before we had all the inside information that we have now. It's the combination of things like the sales forces' enthusiasm for the new products and for being a part of Gartner and the operational improvements from combining the research advisory organizations between Gartner and CEB and the fact that things like I mentioned a moment ago, that all the facts, the internal facts that we now have that we didn't have (59:46) say, if we do the same retention programs with CEB clients, we should get the same results in retention, the same high, great results for retention as we've gotten with Gartner. And so we didn't have all the data beforehand and while the indicators were very positive, we found in this particular case that things were even better than we thought. We've also developed specific operational plans, I'm going to give an example, we want to grow the sales force, one of the things to growing the sales force is we had to make sure there was manager capacity in order to actually have higher growth. We didn't know that before we bought CEB. Now, we actually understood where there's manager capacity and have identified as I mentioned earlier that we believe we can get double-digit growth from the sales force, enter 2018 with double-digit growth in sales force we know we're going to put the sales people, but who is going to manage them, where we're going to get the hiring from, that's stuff that we just couldn't know ahead of time, and so we had to be more  take a more cautious approach before we actually had the internal facts.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Fine. That makes sense. And then just on the Talent Assessment or TA side of the stuff, I think since CEB acquired it, it's sort of been disappointing for us to see that performance not get any better. I mean you talked about HR analytics being something over the next decade that  you have a lot of other stuff going on in there. So  I mean in your company rather. So, I mean maybe what can you do with TA, is that going to be a focus area, maybe just some more color there?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, where we start from is the TA business, the market itself is a great place to be because again, in fact, we use analytics extensively internally at Gartner, we do this really well. And we believe, as I said over the next decade, every company will be using analytics to hire, and CEB, our Talent Assessment business is that market leader and so sort of intrinsic there are really well. There were a number of internal operational problems that they had. So for example, open sales territories. That was one problem, obviously we don't sell much in open sales territories. The other one is, significantly delayed, I think, years of new products introductions that now have been introduced. Client retention programs, really the same kind of retention programs, you're going to do same thing at Talent Assessment as we have in our Research business. And so there are a number of operational improvements that we see that we believe this business over time will be a great business. And in fact, I'm encouraged by the fact that our bookings actually, I wouldn't call 1% growth of booking is good, but it's better than what they had had previously and I'm quite optimistic as we fill territories, as we introduce new products, as we put retention programs in place, this business has great potential.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then just last question maybe new products and stuff that you mentioned around CEB. I mean are those being marketed just to the traditional CEB customers or could we see some of these products being highlighted at your symposiums or whatever in terms of the cross-sell?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, it's both. So we have already introduced these, these are in the market today. So I'll use IT for example. So CEB had a set of  had research and a research and advisory team that focused on only CIOs and obviously Gartner did as well. When we look at it, the specific offerings, this is another area that we've been very pleased is that the specific offerings even in area like IT are highly complementary where CEB had many more things like case studies and user-generated benchmarks that actually Gartner client has been asking us for, for years and so we've actually put all of the CEB Research and advisory resources together with the Gartner and created new product that has a separate brand and in fact will be offered to all of our  we're going to go back and try to upgrade all our existing Gartner clients and of course it'll be for sale to all the new Gartner clients. That's on the IT side. If you then go to places like HR, we've taken CEB's great research, which say  in HR, which is it's the world  just like we are in IT, they are in HR, but they weren't as good as the technology. Well, Gartner had a much of technology research that relates to HR people, things like should you use Workday, how do you implement it things like  Workday is an HR tool for companies to use that's typically chosen and run by the HR department. So, in any event, so obviously Gartner had a lot more expertise in the technology side in HR, CEB had the world's best business expertise in HR. We've actually put all that together in a combined offering that's better than either company had before, that's in the market today. So, the IT product I mentioned before is in the market today, so is the HR product and we've done the same thing for finance and other areas of the business, the areas I mentioned earlier. And so, these products are actually  they are seat-based and they actually have research, all of them have research from both companies, so it's better than anything that was available previously.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Thanks a lot guys. Appreciate the time and details.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Anj Singh with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First off, I was hoping you could share some thoughts on the improvement you guys have shown in the early days on CEB CV growth and wallet retention. It seems like there is some stabilization that's going on maybe that re-tooling of contract structure and even sales force is driving this. But is there any noise that we should be aware of around this improvement in the early days? Just trying to get a sense of whether this trajectory is somewhat permanent in your view or could the speed bumps referenced cause them to worsen again in the early days?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, I guess  Anj, this is Gene, the way I would characterize it is that the changes we're making on things like the  the best products, the best of both products I just mentioned, improved retention programs, the way we manage the sales force. Those are all things that are like proven practices that they're going to work over time. They're going to drive double-digit growth in CEB's business. And it's going to have great margins, just like Gartner does. Getting from here to there, all I'm saying is, it's possible that it'll take like, as an example, maybe we'll have to  we'll train the CEB sales teams on certain aspects and we'll have to go back and re-train them again or something like that. So, to me there's no doubt that actually we'll get to a great place. But having not done it yet and having a lot of change simultaneously, we're certainly prudent in thinking that there could be some things that we have to  that we'll figure out, and by the way we do this all the time; we find problems, we go address them, fix it and get on with it.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And Anj, it's Craig. I think the way to think about the potential trajectory around wallet retention, they're really two primary drivers there. Number one is what you typically think about around retention, which is making sure the clients are getting consistent value over the life of the contract and renewing year after year after year after year, and again we have best practices around how to do that and we're already as we mentioned earlier rolling out portions or all of those best practices across the way we service the CEB Research clients. The other way we drive wallet retention at Gartner is by further penetrating existing buying centers and existing enterprises, and with an enterprise-type licensing model, that's difficult to do. And that's also one of the reasons why it's so important that we're shifting to seat-based because over the long-term that will allow us to actually further penetrate organizations as well and that will flow through into the wallet retention metric over time. Again that's not going to happen overnight, but if you think about those two levers are the way that we can get wallet retention looking and feeling like the Gartner wallet retention over time.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And then for the second question, I was wondering if you can speak to sales force productivity x-L2, that's  it's really strong improvement year-over-year, so any further elaboration on which training programs are driving this. Is there any benefit from lapping some of the energy and utilities-related drag you guys had referenced last year. And perhaps any thoughts on how you see sales force productivity being reported as you integrate CEB? Thanks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, the sales force productivity is being driven by the things you mentioned which is, we track the quality of  the three categories, broadly, probably as you know are recruiting, training and tools. We track the quality of people we're hiring and if we look at metrics like time to first sale, how much people sell in their first year, things like that, as well as the metrics when we're in the hiring process that are predictive, all those things tell us that we're actually hiring better people now than we were a year ago, and a year ago we were hiring better people than we were two years ago. And so the fact that we're hiring people that are a better fit with what we do is actually one of the things driving it. On top of that, we've continued to enhance our training program as we learn more about how to help new people become productive very quickly. We've enhanced training and focused on those things with training and coaching, and then as I mentioned, we have these quite advanced artificial intelligence-based tools that help sales people prioritize what they should be doing every single day. All three of those are actually working the way that we have designed them and expected them to work and that's the primary thing that is driving our improvement in sales productivity. Having said that, to your point, we are lapping some problems from last year in terms of certain segments weren't doing as well. But I can assure you that today's environment, not every segment is doing great. We have  we, what I characterize as normal environment is you have some things that are doing great, some things are doing okay and some things that you've got to work on. We're in that environment today and so the while studies show 80% of it is probably  just qualitatively 80% is kind of due to all the changes and then 20% is some of the industries that were in bad shape a year ago are not quite as bad now. Although there still some bad industries.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And the other I'd mentioned Anj and I think you know this from conversations with us over the years is there's no finish line for us in terms of productivity. We are pleased that we've seen some improvement. We're not done, we're going to keep trying to hire better people and improve that year-over-year-over-year and get them trained up better and improve the tools and improve the products and improve the research that impact retention as well. And so we're moving in the right direction and we're going to keep driving it. Because we know that ultimately improving our sales productivity will accelerate our contract value and research revenue growth.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. We have initiatives underway today in all four of those areas, recruiting, training, tools and retention to take the next leap over the  next year.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Super helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Jeff Silber with BMO. Please proceed.
Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning. It's Henry Chien for Jeff. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you guys would be able to share any updated thoughts on in terms of the margin structure of the combined company, now that you've had a few months to integrate the company, whether it's a timeline or any potential synergies that you're seeing there or the more focus on growth and product development at this point.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Good morning, Andrew (sic) [Henry]. It's Craig. On the margin side, if you think about from a business perspective, if you go segment-by-segment, our view is that the CEB Research products will run at roughly the same gross margin and incremental gross margin targets that we run the traditional Gartner business at. So, think in the 70% range. I think same thing on the Events side. We haven't really changed the margin profile all that much, and again we're trying to drive significant growth in both of those businesses and so I'd expect margins maybe on research to improve a little bit as we're tracking a little bit behind the 70% over time, but essentially kind of tracking where we are. The one thing I would say though on the gross margin is as we continue to shift the mix, so as research continues to be our largest by far and fastest-growing segment, we do get some gross margin leverage from continuing to have a bigger and bigger piece of the  research being a bigger and bigger piece of the pie over time. On SG&A, obviously on the G&A side, we're focused on harvesting cost synergies from the deal. And as Gene and I both mentioned, we are aggressively going after those. And some of them will be able to flow through in 2018; some of them will take a little bit longer just given timing of systems integrations and platform integrations and things like that. But on the sales side and given the size of the market opportunity, we expect to continue to invest in growing the CEB sales force to drive accelerated contract value growth on the traditional CEB business. And as we've seen on the traditional Gartner business, that is an investment upfront as first year productivity is low as we talked about earlier, second year productivity a little bit better, third year productivity starting to look like a fully tenured sales person. So, we're going to utilize the gross margin leverage we talked about earlier to continue to fund growth in both the Gartner sales force, again given the size of the market opportunity and the traditional CEB sales force to go capture that market opportunity over the long-term.
Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And just in terms of the timeline for the shift over to the seat-based pricing model and in general the release of the new product. So, I was wondering if you had a timeline there for the CEB side.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, it's Gene. So, basically in the areas that I mentioned, we've already introduced new seat-based products. And other than things  deals that were already in the pipeline, all new sales will be on those seat-based products. So you can think about  so new sales in the areas that I mentioned before, HR, finance et cetera are going to be seat based. Existing clients, we will let renew whatever the agreements they have, enterprise agreements, discounted, whatever it is, so long as they keep paying us, we're going to be keep taking their money, and so we'll keep renewing those. And so you think about it as  that there is two pieces of our business, the legacy business, where for happy clients that want to renew, we're going to keep letting them do that, we're happy to do that with them. That has great  that business has great margins and we're really happy with that, the clients are happy. New products will be for new sales, could be to  and upgrades. So clients may choose to upgrade as well. But we're not going to force anybody to upgrade. And so we'll have  I expect we'll actually have some of the legacy products for a long period of time, just because some clients like that and will be happy with it, and we're not going to force them away. On the other hand, you can expect very quickly all the new sales will be on the seat-based products.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: The one other thing I'd add that is the  as Gene mentioned, the new seat-based products include the best of both, so in his example on HR, it's the great core CEB Research and deliverables and assets combined with the relevant Gartner technology. Research, that's really valuable to HR professionals. The legacy products won't have that, they'll be the legacy products. And so, as we continue to innovate and improve those seat-based products, I think over time, and this is what we saw on the Gartner journey from over a decade ago, clients will over time migrate over, upgrade over to the new products, because they're better. And they have more value and they'll get more value out of them. That said, we still have clients who are on legacy stuff. And again, as Gene mentioned, if they're happy and they want to keep renewing and keep paying us, we're happy to let them keep doing that.
Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Got it. Okay. Great. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: And I'll now turn the call over to Gene Hall for closing remarks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So to summarize the key points from today's call, first, the combination of CEB and Gartner creates a quantum leap in capability and sustained extraordinary growth over the long-term. We'll be able to address the mission critical priorities for every function across the enterprise, with leading insights and the best of both of the two organizations. During Q2, the performance of traditional Gartner business continued to accelerate, CEB growth accelerated, retention strengthened and sales productivity improved at double-digit rates. In addition, the traditional CEB business saw modest improvements. We developed a very aggressive integration plan and it's going great. We've already integrated our organizations, launched new products, introduced new commercial terms, accelerate sales force hiring, and set up the Talent Assessment as a standalone business and that's just in the first 120 days. We're doing great as a combined company and our long-term outlook remains equally strong. Thanks for joining us today and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. So you all have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-04 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Sherief Hassan Bakr - Gartner, Inc. Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc. Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.
Analysts: Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Patrick T. Halfmann - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co. William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Mike Reid - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Gartner's Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter of 2017. A replay of this call will be available through June 4, 2017. The replay can be accessed by dialing 888-286-8010 for domestic calls and 617-801-6888 for international calls by entering the pass code 78082285. This call is being simultaneously webcast, and will be archived on Gartner's website at www.gartner.com for approximately 30 days. I will now turn the conference over to Sherief Bakr, Gartner's Group Vice President of Investor Relations, for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir.
Sherief Hassan Bakr - Gartner, Inc.: Thank you, Dave, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's first quarter 2017 earnings call. I'm Sherief Bakr, Head of Investor Relations at Gartner. With me today in Stanford is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. This call will include a discussion of Q1 2017 financial results as disclosed in today's press release, as well as our updated outlook for 2017. After our prepared remarks, you'll have an opportunity to ask questions. In addition to today's press release, we have provided an accompanying presentation as a reference point for investors and analysts. Both the press release and presentation are available on our website, investor.gartner.com. Now before we begin, I'd like to remind you that certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2016 report  Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review these risk factors listed in these documents. With that, I would like to hand the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. Gene?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us for our Q1 2017 earnings call. We had a great first quarter in 2017. The positive momentum we had in Q4 continued into Q1, and we continue to delivering incredible value to our clients. We, once again, delivered double-digit growth in revenues and contract value. In addition, we recently closed our acquisition of CEB, which I'll talk more about in a moment. I remain extremely excited about our business, our prospects for growth, and our strategy to drive long-term growth and value for our shareholders. We do business in more than 90 countries around the world. Because of ongoing currency fluctuations globally, we're going to talk about our results in FX-neutral terms, so you can have a clear understanding of how we're doing. For the first quarter of 2017, total company revenues increased by 13%, and EBITDA increased by 3%. Research is the core of our business and our largest and most profitable segment. Research revenues grew 15% in the first quarter. These results were driven by strong contract value growth and contributions from our recent acquisitions. Contract value growth for the first quarter of 2017 was also 15%. We achieved a double-digit contract value growth in every region, across every size company, and in virtually, every industry. Client retention was 83%, and wallet retention was 104%, near all-time high. In Consulting, we continued to deepen our research relationships with our largest clients and deliver great value. For Q1 2017, our Consulting business grew 2%. We grew the number of managing partners 14%, consistent with our long-term growth plan, and we have full four months of backlog, which is in line with our operational target. Events drove a strong start to the year with 11% growth in the first quarter 2017. We hosted more than 9,000 attendees, which is also up 11% year-over-year on a same-events basis. Leading indicators for our Events are very positive. Advanced bookings continue to grow at strong rates. These results reflect strong demand for our services, the tremendous value we deliver and the operational excellence we're known for. Operationally, we're the strongest we've ever been, and the CEB acquisition is a perfect example. After announcing our intent to acquire CEB in early January, we completed the acquisition on April 5, 2017. This aggressive schedule was achieved through operational excellence, while simultaneously delivering a very strong quarter in the Gartner business. The combination of Gartner and CEB will create tremendous value. This value will come from three main drivers. First, CEB expands our ability to help executives deal with unprecedented levels of disruption and change in our rapidly evolving world. Secondly, the addition of CEB will allow us to help clients and functions across the enterprise. In every enterprise, mission-critical priorities are accomplished by teams. To help our clients with their mission-critical priorities, we need to be able to address functions across the business, not just in individual functional silos. CEB has traditionally been strong in areas such as HR, sales, finance and legal. Gartner's traditionally been strong with IT, supply chain and marketing. Our combined company will help enterprise-wide, cross-functional teams address their mission-critical priorities. Finally, Gartner and CEB together will add more value and provide even more powerful insights than either company could have done alone. Gartner is world-class at analyst-driven research and advice. CEB is world-class in member based research and best practice case studies. The combination of member based research and case studies with analyst-driven research and advice would deliver more value to our clients than what either company could do individually. It's a perfect case of the whole being greater than the sum of its parts. Now that we've owned CEB for about a month, I'm excited to report that we continue to be excited about the opportunity for strong value creation. Gartner and CEB associates are equally excited about the incredible opportunity this presents to have a positive impact on our client success. 2020 will be the third full year after acquisition. We continue to expect that by 2020, we'll see an attractive double-digit growth for both the CEB and the Gartner businesses. In addition, as Craig will detail in a moment, this deal is immediately accretive in the first year, and we expect to be double-digit percent accretive in 2018. I'm confident about our future prospects for growth as a combined company and remain excited about our near-term performance. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Craig.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. Because of the tremendous value we provide to our clients around the world, the investments we are making to capture our vast market opportunity, our focus on strong operational execution and our exceptional business model, we delivered yet another quarter of double-digit year-on-year growth. On an FX-neutral basis, our year-over-year financial performance for the quarter included total company revenue growth of 13%, contract value of 15%, Research revenue growth of 15%, Events revenue growth of 11%, Consulting revenue growth of 2%, adjusted EBITDA growth of 1%, and adjusted diluted EPS of $0.60 per share, which was towards the top end of our guidance range for the quarter. Our exceptional business model continues to create a consistently high level of free cash flow conversion. On a rolling four-quarter basis, our free cash flow conversion was 126% of normalized net income. I'll now discuss our first quarter business segment and P&L in depth before turning to our balance sheet and cash flow dynamics. I'll then provide some high-level comments on CEB's first quarter performance before closing with remarks on our updated 2017 guidance, which includes the expected contribution of CEB for the balance of the year. We will then be happy to take your questions. In addition to my comments, today's press release and our 10-Q, I would encourage you to refer to the presentation posted on our Investor Relations website. The presentation provides an in-depth overview of our Q1 performance by business segment, covering some of the ground that I normally would cover in my prepared remarks. Given that I will spend more time covering the CEB acquisition and our updated outlook, this should still allow sufficient time for your questions, as well as providing a useful reference point for investors and analysts. Beginning with Research; Research revenue grew 15% on both a reported and FX-neutral basis in the first quarter. Acquisitions had a one-point impact on Research revenue growth for the quarter. The gross contribution margin for Research was 69%, a one-point decline compared to the first quarter of 2016. Our other Research business metrics also remain very strong, and we continue to see robust demand for our services across the globe. Total contract value was $1.95 billion as of the end of Q1, FX-neutral growth of 15% versus the prior year. For reference and comparison, our Q1 2016 total contract value at current year FX rates was $1.7 billion. The Q1 2017 measure includes the contribution of L2, an industry-leading marketing company that benchmarks the digital performance of brands, which we acquired in March. Excluding L2, total contract value growth would have been 14% on an FX-neutral basis, consistent with the 14% growth we delivered last quarter. We continue to drive contract value growth through strong retention rates and consistent growth in new business. As Gene mentioned, client retention was 83%, down 40 basis points from the first quarter of 2016 and essentially flat on a sequential basis. Wallet retention ended at 104% for the quarter, down by less than a point year-on-year and flat on a sequential basis. Both of our retention figures are close to our historical highs. In Q1, we had an unusually large number of renewals impacted by M&A. Had we experienced a normal level of renewals impacted by M&A, we would have seen an improvement in our retention metrics in Q1. As we look to the balance of the year, we anticipate a more normal level of this type of activity. New business growth remained strong, up 13% year-on-year in Q1. The new business mix is consistent with prior quarters and remains balanced between new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. And as always, we also benefit from our consistent price increases. Our new business growth reflects our success in penetrating our vast market opportunity, with both new and existing client enterprises. We ended the first quarter with 11,166 enterprise clients, up 7% compared to Q1 2016. The average spend for enterprise also continues to grow. It now stands at $175,000 per enterprise, up 8% versus prior year on an FX-neutral basis. This increase in average spend reflects our ability to drive CV growth through both new and existing enterprises. Turning to sales productivity, over the rolling four quarters, we delivered $256 million of FX-neutral net contract value increase. When divided by our beginning of period head count, which was our Q1 2016 ending head count of 2,237, our rolling four quarter productivity per account executive was $114,000, an increase of 8% year-on-year and 9% sequentially. Excluding the impact of the L2 acquisition and therefore, making the metric directly comparable to the Q4 calculation, sales productivity was essentially flat on both a year-on-year and sequential basis. Q1 productivity was also impacted by the uptick in renewals with M&A that I referenced earlier. With a more normal level of M&A, we would have seen a sequential and year-on-year improvement in our productivity measures. As always, we remain highly focused on improving our sales productivity and remain confident that the initiatives we have implemented drive productivity will positively impact our results over both the short and long term. To sum up, it was another strong quarter for our largest and most profitable segment. And as you'll see from our updated outlook, we continue to target another year of mid-teens growth. Moving to Events; Events revenues were up 11% on an FX-neutral basis in Q1. On a same-events and FX-neutral basis, Events revenues increased by 6% year-on-year in the first quarter. Q1 is typically a smaller quarter for our Events business and we held 11 Events in Q1, one less than in the prior year quarter. On a same-events basis, attendees were up 11% versus last year. Events Q1 gross contribution margin was 38%, down by approximately 200 basis points compared to the first quarter of 2016. This was primarily due to higher year-on-year investments to support our growth strategy in a seasonally light quarter. In summary, we had a strong Q1 in our Events business. Our outlook remains unchanged. We still expect double-digit revenue growth on a constant currency basis for the full year. Turning to Consulting; on an as-reported basis, first quarter Consulting revenues were flat year-on-year and increased by 2% on an FX-neutral basis, coming off a very strong Q1 last year. On the labor-base side, billable head count of 650 was up 5%, and we had 125 managing partners at the end of Q1, a 14% increase over the year-ago quarter. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our Consulting business, ended the quarter at $103 million, down 9% year-on-year on an FX-neutral basis. As we noted last quarter, our Consulting backlog benefited in 2015 and the early part of 2016 from a very large contract booking in a non-target geography, which was a significant driver of backlog improvement in Q1 2016. Excluding this one large contract, Consulting backlog decreased by 4% year-on-year. This represents approximately four months of forward backlog, which is in-line with our operational targets for this measure. Consulting gross contribution margin declined by 140 basis points year-on-year, primarily due to a modestly lower utilization but was up strongly on a sequential basis. For the full year, we continue to target Consulting revenues growth of 2% to 7% on an FX-neutral basis, in-line with our long-term growth target range of 3% to 8%. Moving down the income statement; SG&A increased by 18% year-over-year in the first quarter. In normalized terms, our SG&A increased by 16% year-over-year. As we detailed on our Q1 2016 call, our Q1 results were positively impacted by lower stock compensation expense related to changes to the executive team. This resulted in approximately $5 million of SG&A savings in Q1 2016. That was a nonrecurring benefit. In addition, the phasing of our SG&A investments for 2016 were more backend loaded, making our Q1 2017 compare a bit tougher. Staying with SG&A, our sales force continues to be our largest investment, and as of the end of the first quarter, we had 2,460 quota-bearing sales associates. This is an increase of 223 or 10% from a year ago. This is lower than our base level assumption for the full year, primarily due to the timing of our training academies. On a normalized basis, our quota-bearing sales growth was around 11.5%, and we continue to plan for approximately 13% sales head count growth in 2017. Moving on to EBITDA and earnings; adjusted EBITDA was $106 million in the first quarter, meeting our Q1 EBITDA expectation. Adjusted EBITDA was up 3% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 1% on an FX-neutral basis, as top-line growth was partially offset by the higher SG&A spend, I just referenced. Moving down the income statement; depreciation charges increased year-over-year in the quarter reflecting capital spending to support our growth, while acquisition and integration charges increased by almost $5 million. Depreciation charges increased year-over-year and the quarter reflecting capital spending, while acquisition and integration charges increased by almost $5 million, primarily related to the CEB acquisition and to a lesser extent, L2  sorry about that. Our GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 24.9%, which is approximately 1 point lower than the guidance of approximately 26% we gave three months ago. The tax rate was lower than guidance in large part due to a projected favorable impact of earnings mix and the timing of certain costs. Adjusting for acquisition charges, our normalized tax rate for the quarter was 25.7% and is also lower than our previously issued guidance of approximately 27% for largely similar reasons to the reduction in the GAAP rate. GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.43 in the first quarter. Our GAAP EPS figure also includes $0.17 worth of acquisition and integration charges, approximately $0.04 higher than we had guided. The higher charges were due to the rapid closing of both of our announced acquisitions. Adjusted EPS was $0.60 per share in Q1, down 10% versus Q1 of 2016. As mentioned earlier, our adjusted EPS was towards the higher end of our Q1 guidance. So we are right where we targeted to be coming out of Q1. The year-on-year growth rate was, obviously, impacted by our Q1 2016 adjusted EPS, which as you may recall, was up 65% last year. Turning now to cash; in Q1, operating cash flow was an outflow of $30 million compared to a $13 million inflow in the year-ago quarter. The first quarter is seasonally the lightest quarter for the year in terms of cash flow, given the combination of seasonality in our operations, as well as the timing of incentive payments. Additionally, we announced the CEB deal during the first week of January. It's normal for clients to pause their purchasing cycles when there is M&A amongst their vendors, as they look to see if there are any benefits they can extract. In fact, that's what we advise our clients to do in many similar situations. Our new business bookings accelerated over the course of the first quarter, culminating in an exceptionally strong March. Because of that timing, some of the cash that we normally would have collected in Q1 will now be collected in Q2. This impacted our Q1 cash flow figures. Q1 2017 capital expenditures were $11 million, and Q1 cash acquisition and integration payments were $18 million. This yields free cash outflow of $23 million. This compares to Q1 2016 free cash flow of $18 million. The year-on-year changes primarily driven by the timing of contract value growth in the quarter and the related collections, as I just described, higher incentive payments, higher CapEx and higher acquisition and integration payments. Turning to the balance sheet, we had a busy quarter related to the CEB acquisition, successfully securing an attractive financing package, which I'll detail a bit later. Given that the acquisition closed just after the end of Q1, I will focus my comments on our post-closing balance sheet rather than the March 31st snapshot. Relative to the $703 million of gross debt we had at the end of 2016, our gross debt increased by approximately $2.9 billion related to the acquisitions of CEB and L2. In total, we had approximately $3.6 billion of gross debt as of April 5, comprising of the following: $1.485 billion of term loan A; $500 million of term loan B; $545 million drawn on our revolver; $800 million of high-yield bonds; and $300 million of bridge financing. Slide 11 of the presentation on the Investor Relations site details our debt schedule and the respective interest rate. In addition to the new debt instrument, we have also increased the amount of interest rate swaps to lock in the interest rates of a significant portion of our floating debt. In total, we have $1.4 billion of hedges in place. Adding in the $800 million of high-yield bonds, more than 60% of our gross debt has a fixed interest rate. At the time of the announcement of the CEB acquisition in early January, I noted that we expected the average interest rate to be between 4.25% and 5%. Due to a more favorable mix of lower-priced debt and better pricing on all debt tranches, our weighted average interest rate, including the cost of hedging, is approximately 4%. From a net debt perspective, we had approximately $3 billion of net debt upon closing, consistent with what we expected in January, which translates to approximately 4.3 times leverage on a pro forma combined last 12 months of adjusted EBITDA. Turning now to some high level comment on CEB's Q1 performance, as we didn't own CEB until early Q2, the following results are what CEB would have reported as an independent company for the first quarter of 2017. CEB would've reported total adjusted revenues of $214 million and adjusted EBITDA of $36 million. Using CEB's methodology, constant currency CEB segment contract value growth was down about 1% year-over-year, while constant currency CEB segment wallet retention was 89%, flat year-on-year, but up by more than 1 point sequentially. As with any large acquisition, we are in the process of harmonizing accounting treatments, calculation methodologies and purchase accounting. We'll report back to you any changes or adjustments on our Q2 earnings call in August. Turning to guidance, slide 15 of the presentation gives you our high level outlook for 2017 based on 12 months of Gartner plus nine months of contribution from CEB. In addition, the slides detail the most significant below the line items to help you with your model. As is our practice, our EPS guidance is on both a GAAP and adjusted basis. However, given that the CEB transaction closed only a month ago, please note that our GAAP estimates are likely to be subject to change as we complete purchase accounting and further refine our estimates for other GAAP-related expenses. We will also be providing you with guidance for both GAAP revenue and adjusted revenue. The only difference is the deferred revenue fair value adjustment as required as a part of purchase accounting for business combinations. Gartner's revenue guidance is largely unchanged. We have adjusted up Research revenues modestly to reflect the L2 acquisition. For CEB, we expect GAAP revenues of between $519 million and $549 million for the nine months of 2017. Excluding the estimated deferred revenue fair value adjustment of $209 million, we expect adjusted revenues of between $728 million and $758 million for the balance of the year. In addition, we expect adjusted EBITDA of between $190 million and $205 million. This equates to a combined company adjusted revenue range of $3.4 billion to $3.5 billion and an adjusted EBITDA range of $685 million to $735 million for 2017. Again, I'd remind you that these figures are for nine months of CEB results. To arrive at the relevant full year adjusted revenue and EBITDA figures for 2017, you can just add the first quarter performance numbers that CEB would've reported, which I detailed earlier. On a GAAP basis, our 2017 earnings per share is expected to be significantly impacted by acquisition-related accounting and integration charges, of which the vast majority are noncash in nature. Slide 16 of the presentation reconciles the per share differences between our updated GAAP and adjusted EPS guidance ranges. The after-tax impact of acquisition and integration adjustments, such as the fair value deferred revenue adjustment and incremental amortization and integration charges, totals approximately $4.42 per share at the midpoint and is detailed on slide 16 as well. Putting this all together, we expect adjusted EPS of between $3.32 and $3.60 per share. When compared to our previous standalone adjusted EPS guidance range of $3.15 to $3.35 per share, this represents between 5% and 7% accretion for 2017. While it is too early to provide specific 2018 guidance, we continue to target double-digit accretion to our adjusted EPS. Slide 22 details the key assumptions below EBITDA that we have used to calculate our updated adjusted EPS outlook. We expect the total cost associated with stock-based compensation expense in 2017 to be approximately $67 million to $68 million. Total depreciation should be approximately $69 million to $70 million, and amortization should be approximately $196 million, inclusive of the amortization of acquired intangible assets. In addition, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $112 million, which includes approximately $90 million of incremental expense for the balance of the year. For our tax rate, we are projecting an annual effective rate for GAAP of approximately 33% to 34% and for adjusted earnings of approximately 32% to 33%. Please note that our full year GAAP actual tax rate may also change based upon final purchase accounting. Our tax rate may also vary from quarter-to-quarter due to the projected geographic mix of earnings, the impact of ASU 2016-09 related to stock-based awards, as well as the timing of certain items. Finally, our EPS guidance is based on a weighted average fully diluted share count of approximately 89.5 million to 90.5 million shares for the full year 2017. This incorporates the additional 7.4 million shares issued in conjunction with the transaction. The 89.5 million to 90.5 million share estimate is a weighted average fully diluted share count, which has one quarter pre-acquisition and three quarters post-acquisition. We'd expect to exit 2017 with approximately 92 million shares outstanding. Turning to our cash flow guidance, similar to GAAP EPS, our 2017 operating cash flow is expected to be significantly impacted by charges related to the CEB acquisition as well as incremental interest expense. The details and components of our cash flow guidance are also contained on slide 15. For free cash flow, we now expect to generate between $335 million and $365 million in 2017. Free cash flow is based on operating cash flow guidance of $315 million to $345 million, capital expenditures of $95 million to $105 million, and cash acquisition and integration payments of $115 million to $125 million. And again, this is assuming 12 months of Gartner and nine months of CEB. This also obviously has the impact of significantly higher cash acquisition charges and interest expense payments. It is worth noting that CEB's strongest free cash flow quarter has historically been Q1. This was true in 2017 as well. What you see in our combined free cash flow guidance reflects 12 months of Gartner and nine months of CEB, but excluding CEB's strongest quarter. If we looked at free cash flow on a pro forma combined 12-month basis, we estimate that the guidance range would be $415 million to $445 million and adjusted net income to free cash flow conversion rate of approximately 140%. While the timing of the deal has impacted the 2017 cash flow guidance, we did acquire a larger cash balance than we anticipated, which we are able to utilize for our strategic initiatives. Turning to our Q2 guidance, for the second quarter of 2017, we expect GAAP EPS of between negative $1.12 and negative $1.04. This includes approximately $1.91 per share of non-GAAP adjustment. Therefore, on an adjusted basis, we expect adjusted EPS of between $0.80 and $0.85 for the second quarter 2017. In closing, we had a strong start to the year, and we expect this performance to continue throughout the balance of 2017. Our Research business delivered another quarter of mid-teens growth, and contract value growth was 15%. Our Events business is back on track to deliver double-digit growth in 2017, and Consulting delivered another quarter of growth, following a very strong year-ago quarter. From a standalone Gartner perspective, our 2017 revenue and adjusted EBITDA outlook is largely unchanged, and we expect to continue our trend of double-digit growth. The addition of CEB further strengthens our ability to capture the vast market opportunity ahead of us as we are now able to address the mission-critical priorities of virtually all functional business leaders across every industry and size of enterprise worldwide. On an adjusted basis, the acquisition of CEB is expected to be immediately accretive with between 5% and 7% accretion in 2017. We also continue to expect double-digit percentage adjusted EPS accretion in 2018 and remain confident in our ability to generate long-term double-digit growth with strong free cash flow conversion. I'll now turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. This comes from the line of Anj Singh at CSG. Please go ahead.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on closing the deal. For the first question, I'm just hoping you can discuss some of the assumptions underlying your projections of CEB. It seems like you're not baking in too much of an improvement in revenue versus, say, where consensus was, perhaps a little lighter on EBITDA. It would just be helpful to get some context of how you're thinking about the changes you may be making under the hood this year?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yes. Hi, good morning. It's Gene. So with CEB, we closed the deal about a month ago. And during 2017, what we'll be focused on is making operational improvements that are going to accelerate growth in 2018 and beyond. And so I think that's kind of what you can expect from our basic plan. And those operational improvements are things like new seat-based products that combine the best of both research that I talked about earlier. Things like accelerating sales force growth. Things like integrating service processes  improving service processes to strengthen retention and of course, integrating our back office processes like how people get paid and things like that, the basic of business. And so 2017 is really going to be focused on building the foundation we need for accelerated growth in 2018 and beyond.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And, Anj, as you know, a large portion of CEB's revenues, are subscription-related. The revenue, in a sense, it doesn't get locked, but it gets close to locked based on where they finish 2016. 2017 is really a transition year is the way to think about it. As Gene mentioned, we're laying all the groundwork, so that we can accelerate growth in years beyond. We won't be satisfied if we don't see operational improvements over the course of the year. But given the revenue recognition nature, we'll probably see those benefits flow through in 2018 and beyond.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Understood. That's helpful. And as a follow-up, with regards to standalone Gartner, could you speak to the selling environment as it relates to the productivity? Is it having any dampening impact that you would call out? Perhaps if you can just give us a sense of what the improvement in productivity may have been if you had to adjust for that M&A impact? And I may have missed it, but what is your expectation for how long the M&A activity may impact some of your KPI?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yes, so the selling environment has been, I'd say, the same over the last couple of quarters. We've seen very robust demand for our products. As we mentioned last year, we saw an acceleration in Q4 in demand for our products that continued into Q1. Contracts come up for renewal based on what the client originally bought. Companies do get acquired. This happens all the time, of course, it's normal. And it just happened that an unusually large number of contracts came up for renewal where there were large M&A. And I'm not going to name the companies. But it's names you would know. So they came for renewal. So we have visibility of these. As we look through the rest of the year, we don't see that happening. To the point that Craig mentioned earlier, and we mentioned, our sales  all of our key metrics would have been up modestly if we'd had a normal quarter for M&A.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gary Bisbee at RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. I wanted to ask about two of the strategies that you talked about in terms of how you can improve the operations at CEB. First of all, on the client engagement and retention process that you've used, what's a realistic timeline as to when or how quickly you can implement some of those processes and how you think about when that might actually show up in their numbers? And the second one, as part of that, Gene, I think one of the critical decisions you made in your early years in Gartner was to move the company forcefully to the seat license model. Is that an opportunity throughout big portions of CEB's business in the next couple of years? Or is the business different enough that just maybe more no discounting is the way we should think about the price discipline you can implement here? Thank you.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, on the client engagement and retention, we have developed to set up automated tools as well as people-based tool  people-based approaches designed to strengthen retention. As we look at CEB, we've done analysis that helps us understand the impact those are going to have. It will have the exact same impact with Gartner, as we look at those. And so we're going to be not implementing those tools in a Big Bang, but in an iterative process over a period of time, that we've already started with. And so this process is started and we'll keep doing that. As such, I'd say you can  and then you implement the tools and then the renewal has to come up. So the clients that we're going to be affecting, their renewals are going to come up next year. They're not going to come up this year. And so you can sort of see we'll be making the improvements in engagement now. Those tools and new people processes will be implemented over time. But you'll start to see the impact as we get renewals really in 2018 and beyond. With regard to the seat model, so it's our intention to introduce, as I mentioned in my comments, a whole set of new products that are seat-based. And over a period of time, we expect that all of CEB's product line for new clients will be transitioned to a seat-based product. The first of those seat-based products is due to be introduced again for new clients in midsummer. And then we will again, on a kind of iterative basis, keep upgrading all their products to be seat-based products, which we think add more value to clients than kind of an enterprise kind of product. And so you'll see those products, especially, I said, first for new clients, and then we're going to go back to  these products will be better than the existing products because it will have kind of the best of both the CEB and Gartner. So not only the only thing new clients will be able to buy, we'd also  we did this with Gartner as well, go back to existing clients, and say, hey, you can keep the old price if you really like it, but we have this new product that has additional more value to it and if you want to upgrade, you can upgrade to that. And it will have the new terms. So, it will be discounted, the pricing, it will be seat-based, et cetera. And so given what I just said, both the client engagement improvement as well as the transition to the new seat-based products with the best of both research, will start this summer and will continue on and then  and so the impact  you'll see the impact over time, really beginning and throughout 2018.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tim McHugh at William Blair. Please go ahead.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Just on CEB again, two questions, I guess, one is can you give us some comments on turnover? And then I guess how  is there any noise that's been created in that regard since the merger or leading up to the merger to the best you can tell? And secondly, just Craig, maybe on the EBITDA, I guess for Q1, it would seem to be down quite a bit for CEB versus what they at least reported last year. I don't know if it's comparable or not. But can you give any color on that? Thanks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Tim, it's Gene. Were you talking about associate turnover?
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Well, all levels, I guess, other than planned to kind of cost synergies that you're catching up?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: As opposed to clients, you're talking about are...
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yes. Yeah  no, internal staff, yes.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yes. So, internal staff turnover at CEB is substantially higher than Gartner's has been before the acquisition was announced. It hasn't accelerated since then. And one of our objectives is to get that turnover to Gartner levels. As I mentioned in my comments, the associate, the employees at  the associates at CEB, overall, are extremely excited about joining Gartner. It's a growth company. They know the brand. They know the company really well. It's not something they don't know. And we have a great reputation in the market  in the marketplace for hiring, et cetera. And so  and then on top of that, since we closed the deal and even before, we've been going out and making sure that all of the associates at CEB understand this is about growth and turning CEB into an exciting growth company, which will provide great career opportunities for all of the CEB associates. And that message is getting out there. And so, well, one of the things that happens with M&A acquisition is recruiters go after the associates of the company to be acquired, telling them all the best that's going to happen. I think so far we've been very successful in providing that and I would expect as we go into again 2018, we'll see that associate turnover drop down to more like Gartner levels.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Thanks, Gene. And Tim, on the Q1 performance question, I'd note a couple of things. Number one, it's a pretty light quarter from a revenue perspective. And you have situations like Evanta which is a double impact, so really no revenues in Q1. But their expense base is there. And then also last year, the acquisition of Evanta didn't happen until Q2. And so we've got the grow-over problem of expenses that weren't in there last year, plus the revenue doesn't really start coming in until Q2. There's also, as you can probably see from the revenue, a decline year-over-year on revenues of about $9 million, that's also flowing through. And that's really based upon the contract value performance that you saw over the course of 2016, now feathering into the revenue recognition. And then lastly, we did a little bit of  or they did a little bit of harmonization with our expense accrual methodologies, and that also had an impact on profitability. But what I'd say is they landed where we expected them to land in the first quarter. And then the other thing I'd say is operationally, it was encouraging to see sequential improvement, albeit modest but a sequential improvement in wallet retention on that for CEB segment CV.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. The next question is from the line of Manav Patnaik at Barclays. Please go ahead.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen, and congrats on closing the deal as well. My first question was, Gene, you talked about all those retention tools you're going to put in place, and then you also talked about how the strategic value gives you the synergies across the enterprise functions, providing change inside, et cetera. I guess what I'm trying to get at is, you guys have been always good at the wallet retention metric. Does the combination potentially help improve that client retention that has been 83%, 84%, which feels like should be a lot higher?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yes. So I think, yes, it will improve. Again, over time, it will improve our  it should improve our client retention. And the reason is that again, we'll be in more functions in each of the businesses. And if your company's enterprises get things done by teams, across functional teams, you can help across those teams, that's going to give you higher client retention. The other thing I just mentioned too, let's keep in mind this, our client retention  there's a couple of things that affect client retention that are structural. One is there's a  we cannot  a big company and a little company with client retention is the same. So Gene's Pizza Parlor and ExxonMobil are both counted as one enterprise and the smaller companies like Gene's Pizza Parlor grow out of business a lot more. And so there's a portion, we talked about this in the past, there's a portion of our client retention, which is the Gene's Pizza Parlor of the world, the smaller companies that are going out of business. The second thing is M&A. If Exxon buys Mobil, we lose one enterprise there. And so while  and there may be an impact on us in terms of our contract value, but we definitely lose an enterprise (45:16). So if you look at M&A and out of business, the M&A across all size companies, and there's a lot of it in the economy, and then out of business, there's a lot of small enterprises that go out of business, that's kind of the biggest part of our  of the clients we lose. And those are things that are kind of just a structural part of the market.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And, Manav...
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: ...that's why the wallet retention measure is so important because again it's putting a dollar value on those clients as opposed to the client retention where Gene's Pizza Parlor is created equal to the ExxonMobil's of this world. And so it points to us retaining higher spending clients at a better rate, and it also points to those clients that stay with us spending more and more each and every year. So again, that's why we give both measures, they're both important measures. And we're not satisfied at 83% or 84%. We do think there's a little bit of room for improvement there, but there's the structural things Gene mentioned, which are there and we'll have to deal with for forever.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And the new products that you talked about, Gene, I guess, maybe a little quicker than we expected, but that's good to hear, but is that new product, which you said, I guess, the best of IT and CEB, that's going to be targeted just to the CEB clients, maybe just a more color there? Like how may products and so forth we should be expecting?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, you can think about the new products in having two big differences from CEB's products today. One is it will be seat-based rather than an enterprise license. So it's for the use of a specific individual. The second thing is it will have more research content. And so that provides more value. And then the third thing is that it will be combined, not just more content, but also, as I mentioned, the type of content that CEB had and the type of content that Gartner had, which are highly complementary. Clients love both of those. And so we're going to have these new products that will provide a lot more value because you've got both  it's seat-based, so it's for that individual user, and it's got this incredible additional content. As I mentioned before, we're going to have a new product for each of the areas of CEB's business. So think about they were in areas like finance, sales, HR, et cetera. We will introduce new products in each of those areas in a  not all at once. We're going to do  as I mentioned, the first one will be introducing in the summer timeframe  this summer timeframe. And then we expect to follow others  we have others, meaning like one of those roles will go first, then another role, and then another role, then another role over time. And we're planning to get all of the new products introduced, so you're going to think about over a 12-month period. And  that's what we'll be selling.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. And just one last clarification question for Craig. The 2017 guidance and the double-digit accretion that you expect in 2018, does that include or not -- exclude the $50 million of cost synergies that you talked about prior?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: So Manav, consistent with what we talked about when we did the announcement, the 2018 is exclusive of cost synergies. And again, the target that we've talked about, ranging up to $50 million, we're working very diligently to be in a place where we can harvest as much of that in 2018. That said, given when contracts run through or the timing of when we can reduce or eliminate certain costs may roll into 2018. So think of that more on a run rate basis or an annualized basis as opposed to all coming through in 2018. That said, we're going to do our best to harvest as much of that as possible in 2018.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff P. Meuler at Baird. Please go ahead.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Gene, any more thoughts that you're willing to share at this point in terms of how you're planning to structure and combine the sales forces and facilitate cross-sales across the non-overlapping client base?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So we're going to structure the sales force in a very similar way to what we had  the way Gartner had been structured. As you know, we sold to different client segments. We had  our biggest segment was being like CIOs and IT departments. We also, though, sold to chief supply chain officers and their teams as well as chief marketing officers and their teams. For each of those areas, we had a dedicated sales force really. So if you think about a sales force (50:35) and her team, a different sales force. Part of our overall global sales force with a different set of  a different dedicated team selling to marketing leaders, and different teams selling to supply chain leaders. CEB actually followed a very similar approach and we're going to continue that. So if you think about the structure as being, there will be  within our global sales force, there will be teams focused on each of the functional areas of the business: IT, marketing, supply chain, HR, finance, sales, product development, et cetera.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And the facilitation of non-overlapping client's process?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So we've had this opportunity for us before. And basically, we have a sales force set up so that if there's two Gartner salespeople in the account, one's selling to the CIO and one selling to the chief supply chain officer, which again we have today, we encourage and train our salespeople to help each other out because I help you today and then someone else helps me tomorrow, they all kind of get that and want to collaborate in the accounts. And then that's for all accounts. And then for larger accounts, we have a more senior salesperson that would coordinate sales across the account. And that's what we've already been doing. We've been doing that historically.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And Jeff, just to add to that, the way we think about it is, the best way for us to drive growth and penetrate accounts is for the people who specialize in selling IT, supply chain, HR, whatever it might be, to actually go do that and talk to the HR professional, supply chain professionals, marketing professionals direct. And so there is coordination, as Gene talked about. But again, the way we drive productivity and the way we drive growth is by actually having those salespeople specialize in those functions going after those functions.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. Just add one more piece to that. The way to think about it is not so much that the IT person refers you to the supply chain person. But it's more  if you understand what the most important mission-critical priorities are that the IT person is working on, if it's a corporate mission-critical priority, which that's what we want to be helping on, it's not just the IT department that's working on that. The people in finance are, the people in HR are, the people in sales are, the people in HR are. And so we have a very good process for making sure that whatever salespeople are calling an individual enterprise, they understand  when we learn about what the enterprise's mission-critical priorities are, each of the salespeople understands that. And then to Craig's point then, they can apply that in their functional discipline, whether it be marketing, HR, finance, et cetera.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Patrick Halfmann at Morgan Stanley. Go ahead, please.
Patrick T. Halfmann - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Craig, you mentioned strengthening bookings trends throughout the quarter in your prepared remarks. I'm wondering if that strength carried over into the first few weeks of the second quarter and whether relatedly you would expect to see an acceleration in organic constant currency CEB growth in the second quarter.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Hey, Patrick. Yeah. So we did see an acceleration from Jan to Feb and from Feb to March, and part of that we attribute to some of the announcement noise as clients look to see if there was something to be gained from waiting. And when they found out that there wasn't, they went ahead and bought. We obviously can't comment on Q2. We're obviously a couple of days into May. We're in the process of closing our books for April. But again, what we feel good about is we've had really strong performance, Q3, Q4 into Q1, and we expect that to continue.
Patrick T. Halfmann - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Peter Appert at Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you. Good morning. So Gene, the growth in the sales force, you dialed it back a little bit in the last year or so from the pace of the prior several years. This is for the, obviously, core Gartner business. Can you just talk about your thought process around that? And might that have positive implications from a margin perspective because it is translating into a little bit of improvement, it seems, in sales productivity?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. So Peter, our  we remained committed to having double-digit growth in our sales force. There  from time-to-time, there's things that affect how fast it shows. As Craig said, this particular quarter, two things happened. One is we had particularly large growth in Q1 of last year. Secondly, there was a bit of a timing. We train our salespeople in classes. And it happens that the people that graduate in 2016, they graduated earlier than those people graduating in 2017, flows into Q2 as opposed to Q1. And so that made it look a little lower than it is. But we're still committed to the kind of double-digit sales force growth we've had historically.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Yes, but it's still below the 15%-ish number you've been doing and so that it feels like it's at its slower pace.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, Peter, as I said before, as you probably say before, the way that we developed  so we target growth in that kind of time  in that kind of range. What we actually deliver is based on looking  as you know, we develop our sales territories bottoms up based on what each individual manager  sales manager has the ability to manage. So if we had  and at any given point in time, we have some sales leaders that can add a lot more people and we have other sales leaders, perhaps they're new to the world and they need a little more time to get their feet on the ground, can't grow quite as quickly. And so the number we end up with, if you equalize for timing, like we had this quarter, then we wind up with whether it's 13%, 17%, whatever, is basically given by the bottoms-up readiness for individual managers to take additional growth. So that's why we don't forecast specific number. We look at what the ability of the individual managers are but we're confident it's going to be in that kind of double-digit range.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And Peter, and we also  as we've talked about, we go faster in places where we have the management capability to handle and very strong productivity and we obviously slowed down in areas that may be impacted by macro things and have lower productivity. And so for example, about 1.5 year ago, we talked about challenges in Brazil, challenges in oil and gas, we were not growing sales force in those areas when we were having those challenges. Now that we've come out of those and oil and gas or the energy utility sector, rather, is back growing at double-digit rates, we're now growing in that sector again. So it is a bottoms-up approach, as Gene talked about, and we also tap the brakes or press on the gas pedal depending on the market situations that we're selling into as well. And what we said for this year was we had  on that bottoms-up view, we expected around 13% head count growth. If we do see productivity improving or if we see we can go faster in places that may go off. If we challenges, we may pump the brakes on it.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Bill Warmington at Wells Fargo. Go ahead, please.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, everyone. So a question for you on Consulting. You mentioned the backlog being down against a tough comp and I wanted to ask when you expect the year-over-year growth to turn positive again there and also, if you could talk about some of the opportunities for synergies there with CEB?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: The  so I'll start with the Consulting  the synergies of CEB. So the way our Consulting business works today is, it is focused in the IT part of our business, not in marketing, not in supply chain. And as you know, it helps large clients that want more time, more help from Gartner the they can't get from our typical half hour analyst call. We've got instituted Consulting in marketing or supply chain, and we don't at this point have a plan to do that and either CEB function as well. So primarily, there would be some synergy, would be things like lead referrals and things like that as opposed to seeing an extension of functions like HR, et cetera, like we do in IT traditionally.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Hey, Bill, it's Craig. On the backlog question, your observation is right around the grover (59:38) problem. The way to think about the backlog on a go-forward basis, again, we target having about four months of forward-looking backlog, and we generally feel pretty positive when we have that amount of backlog ready to go. Also remember that we are booking and burning within a quarter. So we may book something in January and actually start working it off in February and March. It doesn't show up in the backlog number at the end of the quarter or reduced amount, so it shows up in the backlog number at the end of the quarter or reduced amount shows up in the backlog number at the end of the quarter but we're actually working and generating revenue and profitability in the quarter. So there's a combination of wanting to have that four-month forward target, which we have and also there is a fair amount of book and burn within a quarter as well.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: One last thing that which is, we don't really want six months of backlog because when a backlog gets too big for our kind of business, clients then  we're not working on their project and they're unhappy because we have to delay the start of the project. And so you don't want to have two months of backlog, but we also don't have six months. So four months  and again, for our type of Consulting business, allows us to meet a start time and a work pace that our clients are happy with. Sometimes, it gets a little higher because you want to have a little bit larger contracts, whatever, sometimes lower, but that four months is what we're really targeting.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jeff Silber at BMO Capital Markets. Go ahead please.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks so much. Wanted to focus on the operating cash flow guidance. I know you mentioned a number of issues in terms of CEB's first quarter doesn't count in the guidance and the fact that you're adding interest expense. But on a standalone Gartner basis, did you update or is there any impact to operating cash flow guidance?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah, hey, Jeff, it's Craig. So in essence, if you actually could do a standalone Gartner cash flow, we would have been in the same range where we were. It's really difficult to do that, given the interest expense, the timing of it, acquisition and integration payment, et cetera, et cetera. On a standalone basis, the way we thought about it is, as I mentioned, the prime driver of what we saw in Q1 was really the timing of our contract value growth with more of it coming in March then in January and February. And again, so collections that we had anticipated would have come in, in the first quarter are actually now coming in, in Q2. So we'll get the benefit of that in Q2. And then if we have timing as we've anticipated, with April, May and June, we'll get back on track. So that's the way we thought about the standalone guidance to the effect that we actually could do and model standalone Gartner cash flow guidance.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. I understand. Thank you for that. And I know again, it's only been about a month since the acquisition, but are there any anecdotes you can share from clients in terms of how receptive they are post-acquisition?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, yeah, we've gotten a lot of input from clients, both that we've spoken to directly or have sent messages through our sales force, I mean written communications. And the  it has been much  even more positive than I would've expected. So we had a view that this would be very positive long-term, but clients that have been buying CEB, we expected they might have a little trepidation. Is Gartner going to not deliver the same value? There's some reason they bought CEB products. And actually it's been quite the opposite. The client reaction has been  the typical client reaction has been, they totally get why this, they think it's a great thing to do and looking forward to products. So it's been  we expected good reception over time. It has been much more positive even than we had expected.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. Thanks so much for the color.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Joseph Foresi at Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Mike Reid - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking our question. This is Mike Reid for Joe. Could you  did you talk about  we're a little late to the call -- about sort of the deleveraging process post the acquisition? And will that start immediately and kind of what that would look like?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Sure. Good morning, Mike. The way we are thinking about it and modeling it and is consistent with what we talked about when we announced the acquisition is that we are targeting to get down to around three times gross leverage over the next 24 months to 36 months. We feel, given the free cash flow generation capabilities of the combined entity, that we'll be able to do that. We will be looking to do some modest deleveraging over the next few quarters, primarily next three quarters to four quarters, most notably taking out the bridge financing that's sitting on the balance sheet right now. That will be modest, but I would expect the real de-levering to start moving in earnest over the course of 2018 and through 2019. And again, within 24 months to 36 months, we're targeting to get down to three times gross leverage.
Mike Reid - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. Thanks for the detail on the timeline.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Gene Hall for closing remarks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Great. Thank you. So as you heard today, we had a great, a very strong Q1, which we're very excited about the core Gartner business. In addition, we closed on CEB. We've now owned the business for about a month. That is going as planned and we're thrilled with the opportunities before us there. So thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sherief Hassan Bakr - Gartner, Inc. Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc. Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.
Analysts: Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Gartner's Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full year 2016. A replay of this call will be available through March 4, 2017. The replay can be accessed by dialing 888-286-8010 for domestic calls and 617-801-6888 for international calls by entering the pass code 31206649. This call is being simultaneously webcast, and will be archived on Gartner's website at www.gartner.com for approximately 30 days. I will now turn the conference over to Sherief Bakr, Gartner's Group Vice President of Investor Relations, for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir.
Sherief Hassan Bakr - Gartner, Inc.: Thank you, Dave, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings call. With me today in Stanford is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. * This call will include a discussion of Q4 and full year 2016 financial results as disclosed in today's press release. We will also discuss our preliminary outlook for 2017. After our prepared remarks, you'll have an opportunity to ask questions. I'd like to remind everyone that the press release is available on our website, investor.gartner.com. Now, before we begin, I'd like to remind you that certain statements made in this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and 2016 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review these risk factors listed in these documents. Now with that, I'd like to hand the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. Gene?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. We delivered another great year in 2016. We told you we would accelerate and we did. We delivered against our key metrics for the year, including double-digit growth in contract value, revenue and earnings per share. In addition, as many of you know, we recently announced our intent to acquire CEB. I'm incredibly excited about our business, our prospects for growth and our strategy to drive long-term growth and value for our shareholders. As in the past, I will give you a high level overview of our results on an FX neutral basis, since that's the best way to understand the underlying performance of our business. For the full year 2016 contract value was up 14%. Total company revenues were also up 14% and EBITDA was up 10%. This performance was driven by robust quarter-over-quarter results and demand for our services remained strong. Our results reflect a tremendous value delivered to our clients and all of this occurred against the challenging global economic environment that we had throughout 2016. Research is our largest and most profitable segment and this business is firing on all cylinders. For the fourth quarter of 2016, we had double-digit growth in every geography, every size client and virtually every industry. Research revenues grew 15% and total contract value grew 14%. Client retention was 84% and wallet retention 104%, which were near our all-time highs. Both client and wallet retention improved sequentially over Q3 2016. Sales productivity improved as well. Rolling four-quarter productivity improved sequentially to 7% over Q3. And our standalone Q4 2016 sales productivity increased by 12% over Q4 of 2015. And we are not stopping there. Our number one priority is continuing to drive higher sales productivity. Our Events business delivers great value to our attendees, helps improve client retention and is a great proof-of-concept for our clients. For the full year Events revenues were up 8%. Q4 is when you hold the majority of our Symposium/ITxpo events. Symposium continues to be the must-attend event for CIOs and their teams. We hosted more than 6,000 CIOs, which is up 15% over 2015. That said, our overall Q4 Events results were modestly below expectations, and this was impacted by two major things. First, several of our highest performing attendee and exhibitor sales people were promoted into management and other roles within Gartner. Over the past few years, turnover among this team has been unusually low. Promotions that would normally have occurred over time happen to have been concentrated in 2016. This left us for the larger number of open territories while successors were hired, and of course, new sales people take a year or two to reach full productivity. Secondly, we consolidated three events into one, as I discussed in our last call. And the consolidated event performed below expectations for both attendee and exhibitor revenues. We have addressed those issues, leading indicators are strong and we expect to achieve double-digit growth in 2017. Our Consulting business represents an opportunity for us to deepen our Research relationships with our largest clients. For the full-year, our Consulting business delivered 6% revenue growth in line with our expectations. We ended the year with approximately four months of backlog, which is in our target range. As you know, one of our key strategies in Consulting is to build a cadre of managing partners. As we enter 2017, our managing partners are up 13%. And this provides a great foundation for us to deliver strong Consulting performance in 2017. Gartner is a people business. We'll continue to make significant investments in our associates. We're investing in recruiting and training. We're attracting extraordinarily high quality talent to join our team. And we're investing in systems, tools and processes that drive productivity. I just returned from our Annual Kick-Off Meeting with sales leaders from around the world. And I've never seen a more excited and talented group. They've got great momentum and are incredibly enthusiastic about our prospects for 2017. So summarizing, our business continues to perform extraordinarily well, even in a mixed global economic environment. This performance reflects the value we deliver against our clients' mission critical priorities, whether those clients are thriving or in distress. Because Gartner is a people business, we continue to make significant investments in our talent. Our sales leaders are incredibly excited and enthusiastic about the year ahead. We drove a terrific close to 2016 and are entering 2017 with great momentum. Our full-year and long-term outlook is strong. And finally, as always, we remain committed to enhancing shareholder value through investment in our business, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. With that I'll now turn the call over to Craig, who will provide more detail on our business results.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. 2016 was yet another strong year for Gartner. The combination of the tremendous value we provide to our clients around the world, the investments we are making to capture our vast market opportunity, our focus on strong operational execution, and our exceptional business model saw us continue our trend of delivering double-digit growth with strong free cash flow conversion. On an FX neutral basis, our year-over-year financial performance for the full year 2016 included total company revenue growth of 14%, Research revenue growth of 17%, normalized EBITDA growth of 10%, and diluted earnings per share excluding acquisition adjustments of $2.96 per share or 24% growth. Our exceptional business model continues to create a consistently high level of free cash flow conversion. On a rolling four-quarter basis, our free cash flow conversion was 140% of normalized net income. We also continued to utilize our balance sheet to drive long-term value for our shareholders via a mixture of acquisitions and share repurchases. As you know, in early January we announced our agreement to acquire CEB, an acquisition that we expect to deliver significant value to our shareholders over both the short and long term. We continue to see robust demand for our services across the globe. During the fourth quarter, we saw an acceleration in our contract value growth along with sequential improvements in our retention metrics and sales productivity. And as our 2017 outlook demonstrates, we expect to deliver another year of double-digit revenue and EBITDA growth with strong cash flow generation. On an FX neutral basis, our year-over-year financial performance for the fourth quarter of 2016 included, contract value growth of 14% and Research revenue growth of 15%, Events revenue growth of 2% on a same-event basis, Consulting revenue growth of 1%, normalized EBITDA growth of 3% and diluted EPS excluding acquisition adjustments of $0.97 per share. I'll now discuss our fourth quarter business segment performance and P&L in depth before turning to our balance sheet and cash flow dynamics. I will close with remarks on our 2017 guidance. Gene will then spend a few moments discussing our planned acquisition of CEB. And we will then be happy to take your questions. Beginning with Research. Research revenue grew 14% on an as-reported and 15% on an FX neutral basis in the fourth quarter. Our newest acquisitions had a less than 1 point impact on Research revenue growth for the quarter. For the full year 2016, Research revenues increased by 17% on an FX neutral basis or 13% excluding the impact of acquisitions. The gross contribution margin for Research in Q4 was 68%, a 40 basis point increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2015. On a full year basis, the gross contribution margin for Research was 69% in 2016, flat when compared to the full year 2015. Building on the positive momentum that we highlighted last quarter, all of our Research business metrics remained very strong and improved on a sequential basis. Total contract value was $1.930 billion as of the end of Q4 or FX neutral growth of 14% versus the prior year. For reference and comparison, our Q4 2015 total contract value at current year FX rates was $1.697 billion. We continue to drive contract value growth through strong retention rates and consistent growth in new business. Our growth in total contract value continues to be broad-based with every region, every client size and virtually every industry segment growing at double-digit rates. Because of the breadth of our value proposition and our ability to focus on our clients' most mission critical priorities, we continue to deliver tremendous value to decision makers and businesses across the globe. Consistent with this, our retention metrics remain very strong and are near all-time highs. As Gene mentioned, client retention was 84% in Q4, stable on a year-on-year basis, and up 1 point sequentially. Wallet retention ended at 104% for the quarter, roughly flat year-on-year and up 70 basis points sequentially. New business growth remained strong, up 13% from last year's fourth quarter. The new business mix is consistent with prior quarters and remains balanced between sales to new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. Our new business growth reflects our success in penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing client enterprises. We ended the fourth quarter with 11,122 enterprise clients, up 3% compared to Q4 2015. And as always, we continue to benefit from our consistent price increases and discipline around pricing. As mentioned last quarter, we implemented a price increase on November 1 that averaged just north of 3%. The average spend for enterprise also continues to grow. It now stands at $174,000 per enterprise, up 10% versus prior year on an FX neutral basis. This increase in average spend reflects our ability to drive CV growth through both new and existing enterprises. Turning to sales productivity. As we discussed on our Q3 call, we projected that we would see an acceleration in our sales productivity measures in Q4. Our Q4 delivered on that, with rolling four-quarter productivity for account executive increasing by 7% sequentially from Q3 to $107,000 of net contract value increase or NCVI per AE. Over the rolling four-quarters, we delivered $233 million of NCVI. That's the numerator to use in the productivity calculation. The denominator is our beginning of period head count, which was our Q4 2015 ending head count of 2,171. Equally as important, our standalone Q4 2016 sales productivity increased by 12% on an FX neutral basis over Q4 of 2015. As always, we remain highly focused on improving our sales productivity and remain confident that the initiatives we have implemented to drive productivity will positively impact our results over both the short and long-term. To sum up, we delivered another strong quarter in Research with an acceleration in CV growth and sequential improvements in both our retention metrics, as well as sales productivity. Moving to Events. Total revenues were flat year-on-year on an FX neutral basis in Q4. On a same- events and FX neutral basis, Events revenues increased by 2% year-on-year in the fourth quarter. Our Q4 Events performance was impacted by three primary factors. First, several of our highest performing attendee and exhibitor sales people moved into management roles or to other parts of Gartner during 2016. While we typically experienced turnover, this was pronounced and that many of our key sales people transitioned in the same year. Second, and as we referenced on our Q3 call, we consolidated three larger applications focused events into one. The consolidation did not go as planned, and the Event performed below our expectations for both attendee and exhibitor revenues. And lastly, the year-on-year comparison in Q4 was especially tough, following the exceptionally strong 15% same-events year-on-year revenue growth in the fourth quarter of 2015. We held 14 events in Q4, one less than in the prior year quarter, and on a same-events basis, attendees were up 3% versus last year. Events' Q4 gross contribution margin was 54%, down by approximately 350 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of 2015, primarily due to lower than expected revenues. On a full year basis, Events revenues increased by 6% in 2016 or 8% on a same-events basis and its gross margin contribution of 51% was down slightly compared to 2015. As we look forward to Q1 and the full year 2017 outlook, we have a fuller, more tenured sales force driving our Events business and our forward-looking indicators are strong. This is reflected in our 2017 guidance that calls for Events returning to double-digit growth. Turning to Consulting. On an as-reported basis, fourth quarter Consulting revenues were approximately flat year-on-year and increased by 1% on an FX neutral basis. Our labor-based business was approximately flat versus Q4 of last year with modest growth for contract optimization practice. On the labor-based side, billable head count of 628 was up 4% from the year ago quarter and fourth quarter annualized revenue per billable head count ended at $372,000, which was down by 4% year-on-year on an FX neutral basis. Our ongoing investment in managing partners continues to drive demand for our services. We had 123 managing partners at the end of Q4, a 13% increase over the year-ago quarter. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our Consulting business ended the quarter at $104 million, down 9% year-on-year on an FX neutral basis. As we noted last quarter, our Consulting backlog benefited in 2015 from a very large contract booking in a non-target geography, which was a significant driver of backlog improvement in the year-ago quarter. Excluding this one large contract, Consulting backlog decreased by 4% year-on-year. This represents approximately four months of forward backlog, which is in line with our operational target for this measure. Consulting gross contribution margin declined by 310 basis points year-on-year. This was driven by two primary factors, higher than usual severance and modestly lower utilization. On a full-year basis, Consulting revenues increased by 6% on an FX neutral basis, in line with our long-term growth target range of 3% to 8% and we expect to continue this growth trend in 2017. Moving down the income statement. SG&A increased by 12% year-over-year in fourth quarter, primarily driven by the growth in our sales force. As of the end of 2016, we had 2,423 direct quota-bearing sales associates, an increase of 252 or 12% from a year ago, consistent with our previous guidance. Moving on to EBITDA and earnings. Normalized EBITDA was $145 million in the fourth quarter, up 6% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 3% on an FX neutral basis. For the full year, normalized EBITDA was $457 million, representing 12% growth for 2016 or a 10% increase on an FX neutral basis. Moving down the income statement. Depreciation charges increased year-over-year in the quarter reflecting higher capital spending to support our growth, while acquisition and integration charges declined by 12% reflecting the impact and timing of acquisitions made in recent years. Our GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 37.4%, which is lower than the guidance of approximately 40% we gave three months ago. The tax rate was lower than guidance predominantly due to a favorable impact of earnings mix and the timing of certain tax costs. Adjusting for acquisition charges, our normalized tax rate for the quarter was 33.5% and is also lower than our previously issued guidance of approximately 38% for similar reasons to the GAAP rate. GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.79 in the fourth quarter 2016. Our GAAP EPS figures also include $0.18 worth of acquisition and integration charges, approximately $0.05 higher than we had guided. The higher charges relate to our recent acquisition activity. EPS excluding acquisition and integration charges was $0.97 per share in Q4, up 5% versus Q4 of 2015. For the full year 2016, our fully diluted GAAP EPS was $2.31. GAAP EPS included $0.65 of acquisition and integration charges. EPS excluding acquisition and integration charges was $2.96 per share for the full year, an increase of 24% on a reported basis. Turning now to cash. In Q4, operating cash flow was $83 million, up 5% on a year-on-year basis. For the full year 2016, operating cash flow was $366 million, up 6% compared to full year 2015. We define free cash flow as operating cash flow, less capital expenditures with cash acquisition and integration payments added back. In the fourth quarter, free cash flow was $76 million, compared to $73 million in Q4 2015, an increase of 4% year-over-year. For the full year 2016, free cash flow was $347 million, up 10% compared to full year 2015. Free cash flow was modestly below our expectations due to a combination of Q4 Events performance and the timing of our CV growth. Managing our business to generate strong cash flow is one of our top priorities, consistent with the negative working capital dynamics that are a key characteristic of our subscription-based business model, we continue to generate free cash flow well in excess of net income. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet, cash position and liquidity profile. As of December 31, we had gross debt of $703 million. When combined with our cash balance of $474 million, it represents a net debt position of $229 million or about 0.5 times normalized EBITDA. Our current $1.8 billion credit facility runs through 2021. As of December 31, we had approximately $1.1 billion of revolver capacity. Strategic acquisitions and share repurchases continue to be our primary uses of our free cash flow and available capital. Our number one priority remains executing on value creating acquisition opportunities. During the fourth quarter, we acquired Machina Research, a market leader in research focused on the Internet of Things or IoT. The bigger news related to acquisitions clearly came at the beginning of January, with the announcement of our agreement to acquire CEB. Our teams are working diligently through the necessary processes and preparing the filings and arranging the financing required to complete the transaction and start capturing value from day one. Turning now to guidance, as always, we will be providing you with guidance for revenue at a total company and segment level, normalized EBITDA, EPS and free cash flow. Our EPS guidance is both on a GAAP and adjusted basis with the latter excluding acquisition and integration charges. We'll also provide you insight into the larger line items below EBITDA that get us to our EPS guidance range. Please note that all of our 2017 guidance ranges relate to Gartner on a standalone basis, and do not include any estimates related to the pending acquisition of CEB. Our guidance is consistent with our performance over the last several years, as we are again projecting at the midpoint of our guidance range, double-digit growth in revenues, EBITDA and EPS, on an FX neutral basis. And we continue to invest to support our key strategic objectives and drive long-term value for our shareholders. The details of our 2017 outlook are also included in today's press release, but to summarize, our base level assumptions for our guidance are as follows. Our sales force grows approximately 13% in 2017, sales productivity remains flat from 2016 levels on an FX neutral basis. We have used recent foreign exchange rates in setting our guidance and outlook for year. And as is our practice, we will provide updates on our quarterly earnings calls should there be any changes to any of these assumptions. I will begin with the details in context of our 2017 revenue guidance. We are expecting total revenues for 2017 of $2.680 billion to $2.745 billion or 12% to 14% growth on an FX neutral basis. Turning to our three business segment. First, revenues for the Research segment are expected to be $2.050 billion to $2.085 billion in 2017, FX neutral growth of 14% to 16%. Again continuing our trend of mid teens growth for our largest, most profitable and most cash generative segment. Second, we expect Consulting revenues of $345 million to $360 million or 2% to 7% FX neutral growth compared to 2016 and consistent with our longer term outlook of 3% to 8% annual growth. And third, we expect to deliver Events revenues of $285 million to $300 million, 8% to 14% growth on an FX neutral basis. This continues our trend of meeting or exceeding our long-term growth outlook for this segment. We currently expect to hold approximately 69 events in 2017 compared to 66 in 2016. We expect normalized EBITDA for the full year 2017 to be between $495 million and $530 million or 9% to 17% growth over 2016 on an FX neutral basis. We expect the costs associated with stock-based compensation expense in 2017 to be approximately $52 million to $53 million. Total depreciation and amortization should be approximately $67 million to $68 million, inclusive of the amortization of acquired intangible assets. We expect acquisition and integration charges of $17 million and net interest expense of approximately $24 million. For our tax rate, we are projecting an annual effective rate for GAAP of 32% to 33%, and for normalized earnings of approximately 31.5% to 32.5%. Please note that our tax rate may vary from quarter-to-quarter due to the projected geographic mix of earnings, the impact of ASU 2016-09 related to stock-based awards, as well as the timing of certain items. Our GAAP EPS earnings guidance for 2017 is for EPS to be between $2.80 and $3 per share. This includes $0.35 per share of acquisition-related charges. Excluding acquisition and integration charges, our guidance for EPS is to be between $3.15 and $3.35 per share in 2017. This represents 6% to 13% growth to full year 2016 or 10% at the midpoint of the guidance range and includes approximately a 1% headwind related to FX. Please note, our guidance is based on average fully diluted shares outstanding of approximately 82 million to 83 million shares for the full year 2017. As we discussed on earlier calls, we had a number of favorable items occur below EBITDA in 2016 that benefited earnings. These items include benefits related to equity compensation expense, tax credits and tax incentives, and the tax rate. We are not forecasting those items to occur again in 2017. Normalizing for those items, the midpoint of our 2017 adjusted EPS guidance yields 14% EPS growth versus 2016, which is in line with the midpoint of our EBITDA growth guidance for 2017. For 2017 we are guiding operating cash flow of $385 million to $415 million, or 5% to 14% growth on a year-over-year basis. We anticipate cash outflows for acquisition and integration charges to be $38 million in 2017. As a growth company, with a growing associate population, one of our larger capital expense items are real estate projects. Large real estate projects happen with varying frequency, but in 2017, we have two major projects in two important locations occurring simultaneously. Inclusive of these two large products, our capital expense guidance is for $75 million to $80 million in 2017. Putting this together equates to free cash flow of $348 million to $373 million in 2017 or flat to 7% growth over 2016. Normalizing for the two major projects I just mentioned, free cash flow would be increasing by between 7% and 14%. As in prior years, our free cash flow is expected to again be well in excess of our normalized net income levels in 2017. Specifically, our guidance implies a normalized net income to free cash flow conversion range of approximately 135%. Excluding the large building related capital expenditures, our conversion rate would be approximately 145%. Now I'd like to provide some additional information to allow for an understanding of the seasonality and other factors that will impact our revenue and earnings on a quarterly basis. Starting with our guidance for Q1 2017. If you recall, we had an unusually strong first quarter in 2016 with 81% year-on-year growth in adjusted EPS, driven by a combination of very strong growth in Events and Consulting as well as a few non-recurring below the line benefits, such as lower stock-based compensation expense that we do not expect to repeat in Q1 2017. We expect that Q1 will be our lightest quarter of the year from both a total company and Events revenue perspective. Just to double click on Events, we expect Q1 2017 revenues to be proportionally similar to Q1 2016. For Consulting, we expect to see a modest year-on-year decline in revenues, when compared to the unusually strong 11% year-on-year growth from Q1 2016. Completing the primary drivers of our Q1 EPS, we expect a GAAP tax rate of approximately 26%, and 27% on a normalized basis. Both lower than our projected full year tax guidance ranges due to the impact of ASU 2016-09 related to the expected timing of excess tax benefits from stock-based awards that I highlighted on last quarter's call. As a result, we expect GAAP EPS to be between $0.45 and $0.48 per share in the first quarter of 2017, including approximately $0.13 per share of acquisition and integration charges in Q1. And as in past years, the fourth quarter is expected to be our largest, with more than 50% of the full year Events revenue occurring in Q4. Finally, I'd like to spend a moment on the impact of foreign exchange, as it relates to our reported total contract value. As we have communicated to you in the past, contract value is reported on an FX neutral basis throughout each year. We do this so you can understand the true organic growth in our Research segment. In early July of each year, we restate the opening contract value at current foreign exchange rates. As a result of changes in FX rates since January of 2016, contract value at January 1, 2017 is approximately $27 million lower than the $1.930 billion reported on December 31st. As a result, $1.903 billion is the baseline figure you should use for comparison purposes when judging contract value growth in 2017 on an FX neutral basis. So before I turn call back to Gene, let me summarize. We delivered another very strong quarter in Research in Q4, capping off another strong year of mid-teens revenue growth for our largest and most valuable segment. We continue to provide tremendous value to our clients and we have continued to invest and strengthen our operational capabilities. In 2016, we saw improved momentum in total contract value, delivering 14% CV growth and our client and wallet retention metrics are near all-time highs. And as our 2017 outlook demonstrates, we expect to continue our trend of double-digit growth with strong cash flow generation. We are in a very strong position to capture the vast market opportunity ahead of us and continue to live, to deliver long-term value for our shareholders. The addition of CEB will enhance and expand our capabilities to address the most important priorities of virtually all functional business leaders across every industry and size of enterprise worldwide. We believe this will further enhance our ability to generate long-term double-digit growth with strong free cash flow conversion. With that, I will turn the call back to Gene, who is going to share some closing thoughts on our planned CEB acquisition before we take your questions. Gene.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, as Craig said, I'll turn now to our recent announcement to acquire CEB. Yesterday, we received U.S. antitrust approval for the proposed transaction, which is an important milestone in completing the acquisition. This transaction has multiple compelling shareholder value drivers. First, this is a highly complementary combination. The Gartner brand is known for delivering independent objective insights for syndicated research and advisory products to all levels of IT, supply chain and marketing professionals. CEB is widely admired for delivering best practice and talent management insights to executives and other functions such as HR, sales, finance and legal. Together, we create the leading global research and advisory company serving all major functions in enterprise. In today's world, every functional area of the business is undergoing dynamic change comparable to what's been happening in IT over the past decade. Much of this is in fact driven by increased technology capabilities. Take HR for example. Today's Chief HR Officer relies on sophisticated analytics around hiring. They're increasingly using artificial intelligence and machine learning. They also have a rapidly changing regulatory environment they need to keep abreast of. The advent of cloud computing has enabled new types of HR tools, such as Workday, a core HR platform, Avature, which supports candidate CRM or Cornerstone, a talent management system that addresses workforce learning and development. Just like IT leaders, HR leaders need help in selecting the right tools in today's rapidly changing environment. These are mission critical priorities for every enterprise and they must be addressed whether companies growing or in financial distress. Our services will be just as critical for HR leaders as they have been for IT leaders. The same is true in finance, as Craig can tell you. And it's true for the other major functions of the business such as sales, marketing, supply chain, product development, service delivery and more. We believe CEB can achieve double-digit contract value growth by applying the proven approaches that have driven double-digit growth in Gartner over the past decade. Take wallet retention for example. Improving wallet retention directly accelerates contract value growth. Gartner wallet retention has consistently been around 104% while CEB's has dropped to around 88%. We believe there is no reason CEB can't achieve the same level of wallet retention as Gartner. And this chain alone would boost CEB's growth rate to double-digits. We know how to achieve and sustain high levels of wallet retention. Let me give a few examples that are all applicable to CEB. We've developed automated tools to drive higher client engagement and higher client engagement drives higher retention. High quality service kickoffs get clients in habit of using our services which results in higher retention. We know how to manage the renewal process to maximize retention. And we have many tools in processes that we'll introduce to CEB's business that drive retention. Another factor that drives growth is sales force growth. And we know how to identify, attract, train and excite incredibly talented sales people at double-digit growth rates. We've now been in integration planning for around four weeks. With this experience, we're even more confident in the synergy opportunity range we have discussed, which is $25 million to $50 million net of investments to accelerate growth of the business. Here are some examples. We don't need two CEOs or two boards of directors. We won't need to pay two sets of New York Stock Exchange fees. There're real estate consolidation opportunities as well as system and process consolidation opportunities. This transaction is financially attractive for both the short and long-term. It's immediately accretive to Gartner's adjusted EPS and we expect it to be double-digit percent accretive to our adjusted EPS in 2018. Summarizing, CEB is highly complementary to Gartner. Our services will be critical for every function of the business, whether that business is thriving or in economic distress, just like they have been for IT. We believe our proven practices will significantly accelerate CEB's growth rates. There are sizable net synergy opportunities and it's financially attractive over both the short and long-term. With that, we'll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And please standby for your first question, which comes from the line of Anj Singh at Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to touch on the Events business. I know you had spoken to the three specific events on your Q3 call, and you called out the promotions related turnover on this call. But it seems things worsened from the early November update that you had beyond what you were expecting. Did the timing of the promotions particularly impact Q4 or was the performance there a bit softer as well?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, great question. It's Gene. The timing of promotions actually disproportionately affected Q4. As you know, Q4 is our largest Events quarter, and as we look at sales of tickets and exhibitor sales, it ramps up kind of exponentially into the quarter. And so, the fact that we had some open territories, as I mentioned from these promotions, and by the way, these promotions are great for our people in long-term and other parts of Gartner would gave us the short-term problem at Events. And so, it was really the timing of them. It just is kind of you have this exponential ramp up into our biggest Events quarter.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Understood. That makes sense. And then moving on to number of enterprises, you guys have been growing that figure in the sort of 6% to 8% range over time, and ahead of that I think in the past two years. That number trailed off to about 3%-ish in the quarter. Could you provide some updated thoughts and color on that deceleration? Wondering, what are the potential offsets? I realized you had average enterprise spend tick up nicely in the quarter as an offset, but just wondering, if you can share any go-forward thoughts.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yes. Sure. Good morning Anj. As we've discussed all the time as we've talked about our market opportunity, we have strong conviction in the fact that we have an enormous market opportunity in all of the enterprises that currently don't do business with us and we have an enormous market opportunity even in our existing enterprises. And the continued expansion, the average spend for enterprise illustrates that the fact that there is that huge opportunity in growing our penetration within existing enterprises. In terms of the enterprise count, I would just refer you, we had a slight dip in client retention over the course of the year, which you saw come back in the fourth quarter. That's going to impact that net enterprise number a little bit. I wouldn't read too much into it. We drove really nice new business growth over the course of the year, and we did accelerate our CV growth rate over the course of the year up to 14% as well. And so as we go forward, we again, expect to see about what we have seen historically which is about two-thirds of our growth come from further penetration of existing enterprises and about one-third of our growth come from net new logos.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And one last one from me, just wanted to get your thoughts on the sales environment post-elections in the U.S. I realize there's still a lot of noise and uncertainty, but you guys have been speaking about it being a difficult environment in 2016. So just wondering if you have any updated thoughts as it relates to your domestic business and internationally post-election? Thanks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. It's Gene. So as we mentioned in our last call, we saw kind of an inflection point in our business and that continues. So the business environment got noticeably better, which sort of helped drive a strong Q4. That environment continues to be the same and I'd say both in the U.S. and globally.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Perfect. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee at RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. Let me start off with another question on the Events business. I understand all the explanations you provided. But can you give us an update as we think about the Symposium, the key events, how many of those are sold out? I know the North America one has been for a couple of years and is that a gating factor to growth as we think about the ability to continue to grow this going forward? And the second part of that is just, what actually gives you confidence that I think, Gene, you said or Craig said that tenure is improved heading into 2017 of the sales force there? Thank you.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, it's Gene. So first, in terms of sold out the  we have as you mentioned in a couple of our events like Orlando Symposium, we are kind of at capacity. We're solving that problem a couple of different ways. One is, we're increasing the number of CIOs that are going to Orlando Symposium and we're increasing ticket prices to match the fact that we have a richer audience going there as well. And so that's one mechanism of growth. The second mechanism of growth is, we are introducing  if you look in the North America, we're introducing other events that we can take even CIOs to beyond Symposium where there might be capacity. So for example, we had a Canadian event that is very much like a symposium that over time in fact could become a symposium where we have two in North America, not just one, so that our Canadian clients would tend more to go to that event and the North American ones. Similar for Latin America, we have an event today in Brazil for the people in Latin America that use to come to Orlando Symposium, they can now come to our Brazil Symposium. And so part of our strategy is we'll introduce additional symposiums over time, just as we've done in the past. And so, we're not constrained in growth. We're looking to introduce new comparable events that are tailored for  that are more tailored actually to a specific audience like the Canadian one I mentioned. So, we're not really constrained in any way by our Events team.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And Gary, on the second part of your question, in terms of the tenure. Two things working in our favor that actually give us positive view on the outlook for Events. So number one is, we have more sales people in territory entering 2017 as compared to where we were at the same point in 2016, and we'll also get the benefit of  we hired them over the course of 2016, and so their tenure mix or seasoning will have improved as well. And as we've talked about in the past, obviously, people in their first year are not as productive as people in their second year, or not as productive as people in their third year. So the outlook for Events is really based on the fact that fuller territories, essentially a bigger army selling events and the improvement in tenure mix.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: And lastly I'd say, as we looked at the ramp up of our new sales people, that we did hire in 2016, on what they sold toward the end of 2016, which affects 2017 events not 2016 events, they're right on track for having very good productivity.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great, thanks. And then just a follow-up on CEB. What would be a reasonable timeline to have some of the improvements like the retention stuff you laid out and/or better growth in training and management of the sales force? I mean, should we expect that this a several year project? Or is some of that stuff potentially a little more quick-hit opportunities than that? Thank you.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So we think of the opportunity as being sort of short term, medium term, longer term. So there's opportunities in all categories. We're going to prioritize the things that have short term pay off first, make sure we get those nailed very quickly. So we think that we'll see pretty quick improvements in CEB's retention and other kind of factors as we implement these things that have the nearest term impact first. And then to your point, there will other things that take longer to do, but there are definitely things that have a short-term impact.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Tim McHugh at William Blair. Please go ahead.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yes, thanks. Just on the Research contract value growth, the acceleration, can you give us any more color? Was this some of the weaker areas that grew slower earlier in 2016 improved? Or I guess what  anything that stood out in terms of geographic or industry improvement versus what you saw early in year?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, Tim. It's Craig. The improvement we saw was broad based. As we mentioned on prior calls, we have seen a rebound in Brazil. We have seen a rebound in the energy and utility sectors, which were probably the two areas  and also in the Middle East as well, which were probably the three areas that were the biggest hit. That alone does not account for the acceleration in CV growth. We actually saw a nice improvement in the Americas, nice improvement in Europe, nice improvement in Asia and Australia as well. So it really was a combination of improvement in some of the areas that were most impacted. But also a broad-based improvement as well, which ties into the inflection point comment that Gene gave, both on last quarter's call and on this quarter's call.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Right. Okay. And organically I guess does  you've got SCM and then Machina during the quarter. What was the contribution I guess in terms of contract value?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yes, it was small impact, less than 1 point on the overall growth rate. Important note, SCM World was in last quarter. So the sequential improvement is actually full-on organic sequential improvement.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Other than Machina? Or is that not...
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah, Machina is very, very small, yes, very small.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. All right. And then lastly, I guess the Consulting business, as we think about the contribution margin from that business going forward, it's kind of multi-year trend kind of down, as you've built out the managing director program. I get the strategy behind it. But at what point would you expect that to level off? And could it improve again? I guess how do you think about the economics of that strategy, as we think about that part of the business going forward?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Sure, Tim. You're right in that investment in managing partners is a core pillar of our Consulting strategy. Ultimately over the long term what it will do when we get to full coverage is drive deeper, longer lasting recurring relationships that make the business more predictable, that make our utilization more predictable and at higher levels. That's ultimately the strategy. And as you mentioned, we've been growing the capacity to get there. As we look ahead, we're going to continue to invest in managing partners. We do believe that over the long term that will result in the things I just mentioned, which are more stable revenue growth, more stable utilization. And so we would expect to see margin improvements or more attractive margins for this business over the long term.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manav Patnaik at Barclays. Please go ahead.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen. The first question was just on the Events promotions issue, I mean, I guess, we all know Q4 is your big Events quarter. So was there any reason why these promotions could not have been delayed into the next year? And then just tied to that, I guess, you moved these guys into management, so the productivity stepped down. Just how do you manage those same issues when you do the same thing with CEB? Like presumably, some of your senior sales people will be helping you out improve CEB's growth. And so how do you prevent that from hitting your productivity on Research as well?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So on the timing of the promotions, the  I'll tell you the philosophy we've had, which is particularly for our high-performing people, they can apply for jobs inside Gartner or outside Gartner. And they can do this whenever they want to do it. And of course, if we have high performers, we really want to retain those people. And so we've adopted a policy that we want to be competitive with outside jobs. And so the concern we have is if we say, well, you can't change jobs and get this great promotion where you'll make more money and have a better job and advance your career, because it's not integral (52:20) to the company, we're concerned  and this was what a lot of companies have, is that then drives them to take jobs on the outside. And so while we do try to work with people for timing, but people want to advance their careers and increase their compensation, et cetera. And so it's a fine balance there. I also do think  again this was kind of a very unusual happening where we had unusually low turnover for like the last three years among these teams. And then this just  again, they applied to different jobs regardless. It wasn't like they all went to one place, different kind of jobs. And it just all happened to hit at a time that was not the best for our Q4 events. In terms of CEB, I don't see a similar kind of thing happening. Again we're going to work with identifying and increasing  first, as we mentioned, having improvements in retention programs. If we think  there really it's just about executing the programs, implementing the tools that we've developed over the last decade at Gartner. And then we'll accelerate hiring of new sales people. And that'll be about building a recruiting capability, a training capability and then deploying these new sales people in CEB's organization.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then the Events consolidation from three to one, which underperformed, I mean, was that just a factor of confusion with your clients? Is there anything to read in terms of travel budgets and so forth? I guess you're increasing the number of events in 2017 as well, so maybe not. But just some thoughts there.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. So it had nothing to do with travel budgets. We had three events that were application oriented. And they had a clear value proposition for both our attendees and our exhibitors. When we combined them into one, we didn't do a good job of communicating what that new value proposition was, and it's kind of as simple as that, it has nothing to do with travel or anything like that. We've analyzed it in detail. We understand what happened there. But otherwise I should mention, larger events have bigger economics and better economics. And so in general, they're better for us. In this particular case that tried to move from three to one, which looked great on paper. We communicated it ineffectively in terms of  to both our exhibitors and our attendees and didn't had the result we would have liked.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then just last question for Craig. I think typically you always start the year with sort of a wide range of guidance especially on EBITDA and free cash flow. But any particular moving pieces that you would call out that would take us either to the low end or high end of that?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Good morning, Manav. The range we give, again, we are talking about a roughly $500 million base. So the range from our perspective isn't that enormous. It's the typical range of outcomes. If we see Events performance or Consulting performance being towards the top end of their range, obviously that drives profits to the top end of range. If we have accelerated CV growth earlier in the year, that obviously can flow through and impact the earnings as well. So, it's really no change in philosophy in terms of the size of the range and no terms in philosophy in terms of the puts and takes to our overall guidance.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Got it. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jeff Meuler at Robert W. Baird & Co. Please go ahead.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. Thanks. Can you comment on the sales force productivity by tenure? What I am wondering is, are you seeing broad-based improvement both for the new hires and the more established people? Or is there one of those groups that is in particular driving the improvement?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Actually, great question, Jeff. So, there's actually really good news here, which is the group that had the best improvement productivity is our newest hires. And we focused on making sure we hire people with the right fits, that we give them world-class training and we give them tools and get them off to a fast start and that's just really working. And so the single biggest tenured group that had improvement is in people earlier in their tenure.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then I understand maybe a guidance assumption, but any reason for the assumption of flat productivity and 13% head count growth in the guidance just wondering why not accelerate the head count growth a bit more or why not assume a higher productivity just based upon the breadth of the improvement that you are seeing?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Good morning, Jeff. In terms of the head count growth, as we have talked, we do a bottoms up planning exercise around all the territory growth we want to do at any given year. And when we did the bottoms up this year, again, we want to go faster in places that have really nice productivity that is accelerating, and we go a little bit slower in places that are having challenges. And when we did that math or did all of that analysis, from a territory expansion perspective, it netted out to 13%. As always, as we go through the year, if we are seeing productivity continue to accelerate and improve, we will go a little bit faster. If we see places where we are challenged, we will go a little bit slower in those places. But our overarching planning assumption as we rolled it up from the bottom netted out to about 13% territory growth and that's what we baked into the plan. In terms of the productivity assumption, Jeff you know from a planning perspective we typically  we don't plan with a hockey stick. We don't plan based on hope. We plan based on what we've actually achieved. And so from our perspective, the way to actually build the plan is, we build it based on flat productivity. As you know, if we deliver flat productivity, that's not what we're aiming for. We're aiming for consistent improvements in productivity, but from a planning perspective we always find it most prudent to go with our most recent performance.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We now have a question from the line of Jeff Silber at BMO Capital Markets.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks so much. Just wanted to switch quickly to the proposed CED acquisition. Can you just remind us what the milestones are going forward that we need to follow before closing?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Sure. Good morning, Jeff. So a couple of things so, number one, as you see in the press release, and as Gene mentioned in his prepared remarks, clearing HSR is obviously a big milestone and we cleared that had yesterday, which is great. We're looking to file the S-4 and Proxy in the next couple of days. That will be for 9/30/2016 and for full year 2015, both companies will be filing their 10-Ks towards the end of this month. We will then very quickly follow up with a updated S-4 and Proxy that is pro forma combined 2016 results. We're in the process of working through our financing and we will be lining all that up with the milestones you should be looking at or obviously HSR clearance which we just got through the required regulatory filings and then we will be out marketing our financing instruments in March. Again, we're targeting, we said first half of 2017 close. Ideally, that happens sometime in April, but you never know what bumps could be there from a filing or regulatory perspective, but we're on track to close as quickly as we can, and the hurdles are really around the regulatory filings and then getting out and marketing the financing.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. And just one clarification, the S-4 that you file over the next few days with the September 30 information, you'll have pro forma information in there as well?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: There will be pro forma combined financials for nine months ended 9/30/2016 and full year 2015.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. Fantastic. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions. So I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Gene Hall for closing remarks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Well, thank you for your questions. So, to summarize the key points of today's call, we're performing extraordinarily well as a company. For the full year 2016, we delivered double-digit growth in every geography, across every size company and in virtually every industry. Our sustained success demonstrates the tremendous value we deliver for our clients, whether thriving or in economic distress. We recently announced we've entered into an agreement to acquire CEB. CEB is highly complementary to Gartner and we're confident that our combined services will be critical for every function of the business just like they have been for IT. Additionally, this transaction is attractive for both the short and long-term. It's immediately accretive to Gartner's adjusted EPS and we expect to be double-digit percent accretive to our adjusted EPS in 2018. We're getting better, stronger, faster day-after-day, year-after-year. We're entering 2017 with incredible momentum and we expect to continue our trend of double-digit growth for years to come. We look forward to updating you again at our next earnings call. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sherief Hassan Bakr - Gartner, Inc. Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc. Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.
Analysts: Steven Moersalin - Piper Jaffray & Co. Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Stephen Hardy Sheldon - William Blair & Co. LLC Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Mike Reid - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Gartner's Earnings Conference Call for Q3 2016. A replay of this call will be available through November 10, 2016. The replay can be accessed by dialing 855-859-2056 for domestic calls and 404-537-3406 for international calls by entering passcode 2009356. This call is being simultaneously webcast, and will be archived on Gartner's website at www.gartner.com for approximately 7 days. I will now turn the conference over to Sherief Bakr, Gartner's Group Vice President of Investor Relations, for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir.
Sherief Hassan Bakr - Gartner, Inc.: Thank you, Liliana, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's third quarter 2016 earnings call. With me today in Stanford is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. This call will include a discussion of Q3 2016 financial results as disclosed in today's press release, as well as our updated outlook for 2016. After our prepared remarks, you'll have an opportunity to ask questions. I'd like to remind everyone that the press release is available on our website, investor.gartner.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that certain statements made in this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and 2016 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I'd encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. And with that, I'd like to hand the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. Gene?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our quarterly earnings call, and thanks for joining us today. As you know, the global macroeconomic environment today is challenging as it has been for the past several quarters. Exchange rates continue to be volatile, oil and other commodity prices are still suffering. In the U.S., the S&P 500 has had its fifth consecutive quarter of weak or negative earnings growth. In Europe, the S&P 350 is expected to have negative earnings growth this year. In any of our markets, we always have clients who are doing great, clients who are doing okay and clients who are in economic distress. We know how to be successful with all clients, whether they're thriving or in financial distress, which is why we've consistently delivered double-digit growth across regions, industries and client sizes. We learned a lot from the great recession. Operationally, we are better prepared and more nimble amid macroeconomic challenges, and we are doing great as a company. I will share a few highlights from our Q3 results. As on prior calls, I'll review these matters on an FX neutral basis. Because we do business in more than 90 countries around the world, FX neutral is the best way to understand the underlying health of our business. For the third quarter of 2016, total company revenues grew 15% and we delivered double-digit growth in our key metrics. Research, which is our largest and most profitable segment, achieved its second consecutive quarter of 17% revenue growth. These results continue to be driven by double-digit contract value growth and contributions from our recent acquisitions. Contract value grew at 13% year-over-year with double-digit growth in every region and across virtually every client size and every industry. New business growth was very strong in the quarter with the number of enterprises up 6%. Client retention and wallet retention were 83% and 104%, near all-time highs. This led to a sequential improvement in sales productivity from Q2 to Q3 at 2016. Our Consulting segment achieved 6% revenue growth over the same quarter last year. We exit Q3 with a backlog position of more than four months forward revenue coverage, exceeding our operational target. Our Events segment continues to achieve strong growth, while amplifying the Gartner brand. For the third quarter of 2016, Event revenues were up 14%. We hosted about 7,500 attendees across the 15 events we held in the third quarter. We are now in the fourth quarter, which is when we run the majority of our Symposium/ITxpo conference series. Symposium/ITxpo is our flagship event for CIOs and senior IT executives. This series is hosted in eight locations around the world and can reach thousands of CIOs who share experiences and gain valuable insights that help them achieve their mission-critical priorities. I just returned from our U.S.-based event in Orlando, Florida, where for the third year in a row we achieved sold-out status. Even more importantly, about 40% of our attendees were CIOs. Now, these CIOs know that while it's an exciting time to be a technology leader, it isn't easy. There is cloud computing, mobility, the Internet of Things, algorithms, ecosystems. Technology in its many forms is affecting virtually every aspect of our society. Enterprises know they need help, and Gartner is the best and most cost-effective source for that help. Our clients use our independent, objective, fact-based insights to make critical technology decisions. The CIOs I met with were inspired and better equipped to succeed in a digital business, as results of the insights we deliver to them at symposium. And as a result, our sales organization is supercharged. As I mentioned at the beginning of this call, the global macroeconomic environment has been challenging for the past few quarters, affecting our clients. At any given point in time, we have clients who are thriving, others who are in distress and everything in between. Over the past few quarters, we've seen more clients in distress. We continuously innovate and make improvements to our business. We've improved service delivery capabilities. We've strengthened how we communicate our value proposition. We've trained our teams to sell and succeed whether clients are thriving or in distress. We're better than ever at adapting to shifts in the macroeconomic environment. And we're seeing positive impact from these innovations. Here's a few examples from Q3. The Brazilian economy remains in recession. We doubled down on best practices in Brazil and have returned to double-digit growth there. Australia has been hard hit by commodity prices, yet we achieved more than 20% year on year growth, again by focusing on operational execution. China is another great example. The outlook for China's economic growth remains uncertain, yet we drove more than 20% year on year growth in China. In the energy and utilities industry, which is hard hit by falling oil prices, our contract value growth rate improved my more than 500 basis points sequentially. Our business gathered momentum throughout Q3, culminating in an extraordinarily robust September. In addition, we saw a significant strengthening in our leading indicators. For example, our sales pipeline was up 20% year-over-year. Based on the operational performance of the innovations we've introduced, our momentum coming out of Q3 and the strengthening of our leading indicators, we expect to see contract value growth accelerate during Q4. We also expect sales productivity to improve sequentially over Q3. We see this as an inflection point in the performance of our business. So in summary, we've introduced improvements and innovations to provide tremendous value to our clients whether they're thriving or in distress. We're seeing the positive operational impact of these changes with double-digit growth in our major metrics during Q3. Our business gathered momentum throughout Q3, culminating in an extraordinarily strong September. We entered Q4 with strong leading indicators. Based the operational performance of the innovations we introduced, our momentum coming out of Q3 and the strengthening of our leading indicators, we expect to see contract value growth accelerate during Q4 and we also expect sales productivity to improve sequentially over Q3. Our full year and long-term outlook is strong and as always, we remain committed to enhancing shareholder value through investment in our business, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. With that, I'll hand the call over to Craig.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. Gartner's third quarter performance continues our long-term trend of double-digit growth. Despite ongoing challenges in the economic environment, we continue to see strong demand for our products and services and as Gene mentioned, our forward-looking indicators are very strong. The combination of the tremendous value we provide to our clients around the world, the investments we are making to capture our vast market opportunity, our focus on strong operational execution and our exceptional business model allows us to consistently deliver double-digit revenue earnings and free cash flow growth. Our year to date performance and updated guidance for the full year indicate that we remain on track to continue our trend of double-digit growth in 2016. On an FX neutral basis, our year-on-year financial performance for the third quarter 2016 included: contract value growth of 13% and Research revenue growth of 17%; Events revenue growth of 11% on a same event basis; Consulting revenue growth of 6%; normalized EBITDA growth of 10%; and diluted EPS, excluding acquisition adjustments, of $0.58 per share. This compares to $0.45 per share in the third quarter of 2015 and our guidance range of $0.47 to $0.51. In addition, our exceptional business model continues to create a consistently high level of free cash flow conversion. On a rolling four-quarter basis, our free cash flow conversion was 141% of normalized net income. I'll now discuss our third quarter business segment performance and P&L in depth before turning to our balance sheet and cash flow dynamics. I'll also address our early adoption of the FASB's Accounting Standards Update number 2016-09 for stock compensation and its impact to our financial statements. I will close with remarks on our updated outlook for the full year. We will then be happy to take your questions. Beginning with Research; Research revenue grew 16% as reported and 17% on an FX neutral basis in the third quarter. Excluding the impact of our newest acquisitions and foreign exchange, Research revenues were up organically by 12%. Our recently acquired businesses continue to perform strongly. The gross contribution margin for Research was 69%, the same level compared to the third quarter of 2015. All of our other Research business metrics remained strong, either stabilizing or improving on a sequential basis. Total contract value was $1.815 billion as of the end of Q3, FX neutral growth of 13% versus the prior year. For reference and comparison, our Q3 2015 total contract value at current year FX rates was $1.604 billion. We have a highly diversified business. We serve clients in more than 90 countries. Our clients operate in every industry vertical and we serve the largest enterprises in the world, down to be smallest businesses. This diversified client base is a strength as it helps us to mitigate challenges in any one region, any one industry or any one size of client. As a result, our growth in contract value continues to be broad-based. Every region, and virtually every client size and industry segment, grew at double-digit rates. On last quarter's call, I mentioned that we were seeing a higher proportion of our clients experiencing financial challenges, which impacted retention and productivity. The operating environment has not changed or improved. That said, the breadth of our value proposition and ability to focus on our clients' most critical priorities means we know how to operate successfully. We provide great value to our clients, whether they are in growth mode or are facing financial challenges. For example, for those clients in the latter category, we've have focused our sales force, analysts and service personnel on amplifying how we can help them leverage technology to reduce costs and meet their key business objectives. As Gene mentioned, client retention was 83% in Q3, stable on a sequential basis and down 1 point from near all-time highs in the third quarter of 2015. Wallet retention ended at 104% for the quarter, also stable sequentially and down 2 points year-on-year from near all-time highs. New business growth was particularly strong in Q3, increasing by 19% year-on-year. Consistent with previous quarters, new business is driven by a combination of sales to new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. Our new business growth reflects our success in penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing client enterprises. We ended the third quarter with 10,673 enterprise clients, up 6% compared to Q3 2015. And as always, we continue to benefit from our consistent price increases and discipline around pricing. We plan to implement a price increase of approximately 3%, on average, during the fourth quarter. The average spend for enterprise also continues to grow. It now stands at $170,000 per enterprise, up 7% versus prior year on an FX neutral basis. This increase in average spend reflects our ability to drive CV growth through both new and existing enterprises. Turning to sales productivity, as we have detailed in the past, we calculate sales productivity as the net contract value increase, what we call NCVI, per account executive. We look at it on a rolling four quarter basis to eliminate seasonality, and we use opening sales head count as the period denominator. Over the last 12 months, we grew our contract value by $211 million in FX neutral terms. Using our Q3 2015 ending sales head count of 2,111 as our beginning of period denominator yields NCVI per AE of $100,000 on a rolling four quarter basis, or a 13% decline over the third quarter last year when the comparable figure was $115,000 per account executive at constant currency rates. As Gene described earlier, the strength we're seeing has translated into a sequential increase in sales productivity from Q2, our first sequential increase since the third quarter of 2015. As always, we remain highly focused on improving our sales productivity and remain confident that the initiatives we have implemented to drive productivity will positively impact the results over both the short- and long-term. To sum up, we delivered a solid quarter in Research with 13% contract value growth. On a sequential basis, our key metrics are stable or improving; and importantly, sales productivity improved sequentially versus Q2. And as mentioned earlier, we ended the quarter with our strongest ever sales pipeline and expect that this pipeline and our focus on execution will result in total contract value growth accelerating and sales productivity improving sequentially in Q4. Moving to Events, total revenues increased 14% on an FX neutral basis in Q3. On a same-event and FX neutral basis, Events revenues increased 11% year-on-year in the third quarter. We held 15 events in Q3. While this is the same number as last year's third quarter, we had a number of event shifts. Attendees were up 3% versus last year. On a same Events basis, we had a 7% increase in attendees. Events Q3 gross contribution margin was 43%, up by more than 300 basis points compared to the third quarter of 2015. Turning to Consulting, Consulting had another strong quarter in Q3 generating a 6% year-on-year FX neutral increase in revenues. The labor-based business was up 5% versus Q3 of last year on an FX neutral basis, with broad-based growth. In addition, the contract optimization practice increased at double-digit rates in Q3 versus the year ago quarter. On the labor-based side, billable head count of 630 was up 7% from the year ago quarter and third quarter annualized revenue per billable head count ended at $362,000, which was down slightly year-on-year on an FX neutral basis. Our ongoing investment in managing partners continues to drive demand for our services. We had 115 managing partners at the end of Q3, a 10% increase over the year ago quarter. Related to this, backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our Consulting business, ended the quarter at $104 million, down 2% year-on-year on an FX neutral basis. Last year's Consulting backlog benefited from a very large contract booking in a non-target geography which was a significant driver of backlog improvement in the year ago quarter. Excluding this one contract, Consulting backlog increased by 5% year-on-year. This represents over four months of forward backlog which exceeds our operational target for this measure. Moving down the income statement, SG&A increased by 14% year-over-year in the third quarter, primarily driven by the growth in our sales force. As of the end of Q3, we had 2,331 direct quota-bearing sales associates, an increase of 220 or 10% from a year ago. Our strategic priority continues to be on investing to capture the vast market opportunity ahead of us and to drive long-term earnings and cash flow growth for our shareholders. As I mentioned last quarter, we continue to take a highly analytical approach to where we allocate sales resources, all the way down to the team level. We do not take a one-size-fits-all approach and will continue to make adjustments where appropriate. For example, if we are seeing strong CV growth and good productivity trends in a team or region, then we would plan to increase head count faster than the average in those areas. Similarly, if we were to see decelerating CV growth and declining productivity metrics, we would slow head count growth. Based on this bottoms up view, we have slowed our sales head count growth modestly. For the full year, we expect sales head count growth of roughly 11% to 12%. Moving on to EBITDA and earnings, normalized EBITDA was $91 million in the third quarter, up 14% year-on-year at reported rates and up 10% on an FX neutral basis. Through Q3 year-to-date, normalized EBITDA is up 15% versus the prior year on reported basis and up 14% at FX neutral rates. Moving down the income statement, depreciation, amortization and acquisition and integration charges all increased year-over-year reflecting higher capital spending to support our growth as well as the impact of our recent acquisitions and charges related to the integration of an overseas sales agent. During the third quarter we elected to early adopt the FASB's ASU 2016-09, which changes the accounting for stock-based awards. Among other items, the update requires companies to recognize excess tax benefits that arise from stock-based awards in the income statement. Previously these benefits were recorded in stockholders' equity. There is also a corresponding impact to the cash flow statement as the benefit is recorded as an operating cash flow as opposed to the previous practice of recording it as a financing cash flow. ASU 2016-09 was adopted on modified retrospective basis back to the beginning of the year. And as a result, we have restated our tax expense, net income, earnings per share, operating cash flow and accumulated earnings for Q1 and Q2 of this year. In our Q3 10-Q, on pages 7 and 8, you can find the details of these changes for Q1 and Q2. On a year-to-date basis, the early adoption of ASU 2016-09 has benefited our GAAP EPS by approximately $0.11. This benefit predominantly relates to the first half of the year with the $0.01 positive impact on our Q3 EPS. Our updated guidance has these changes baked in. Our GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 31.9%, which is lower than our previously issued full-year GAAP tax rate guidance of approximately 36%. The decrease is predominantly due to favorable Q3 period items as well as the timing of certain tax costs that are expected to be realized later this year. Adjusting for acquisition charges, our normalized tax rate for the quarter was 28.9% and is also lower than our previously issued full-year normalized tax rate guidance of approximately 35% for similar reasons. GAAP diluted earnings-per-share was $0.36 in Q3. Our GAAP EPS included roughly $0.22 worth of acquisition and integration charges, higher than the approximately $0.11 of charges we had previously expected. The higher charges primarily related to the acquisition of SCM World and charges related to the integration of an overseas sales agent. EPS, excluding acquisition and integration charges, was $0.58 per share in Q3, up 29% versus Q3 of 2015. The lower Q3 normalized tax rate positively benefited our EPS, excluding acquisition and integration charges, by approximately $0.05. Turning now to cash, in Q3, operating cash flow was $120 million, up 3% on a year-on-year basis. Year-to-date operating cash flow was $282 million, up 6% versus the prior year. We define free cash flow as operating cash flow less capital expenditures with cash acquisition and integration payments added back. In the third quarter, free cash flow was $122 million compared to $107 million in Q3 2015, an increase of 14% year-over-year. Year-to-date free cash flow was $270 million, up 11% over the prior year. Managing our business to generate strong cash flow is one of our top priorities. Consistent with the negative working capital dynamics that are a key characteristic of our subscription-based business model, we continue to generate free cash flow well in excess of net income on a rolling four-quarter basis. At the end of Q3, this equated to a rolling four-quarter free cash flow of $344 million. This represents a net income to free cash flow conversion of 141%. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet, cash position and liquidity profile. As of September 30, we had gross debt of $745 million. When combined with our cash balance of $466 million, it represents a net debt position of $279 million or about 0.7 times normalized EBITDA. Our current $1.8 billion credit facility runs through 2021. As of September 30, we had $1.049 billion of revolver capacity. That and our ongoing free cash flow generation gives us ample liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive shareholder value. Strategic acquisitions and share repurchases continue to be the primary uses of our free cash flow and available capital. Our number one priority remains executing on value-creating acquisition opportunities. Our M&A pipeline remains strong. Since 2014, we have deployed approximately $350 million on strategic value enhancing acquisitions. Most recently, we acquired SCM World, which expands our capability in serving supply chain leaders. We remain disciplined in our acquisition approach, and we continue to believe we can drive significant value for our shareholders by deploying our capital on strategic acquisitions. Absent acquisition opportunities, we have consistently used our free cash flow and available capital to return capital to shareholders through share repurchase programs. During the third quarter, we repurchased just under $1 million of our stock. Since 2014, we have spent $1 billion on share repurchases. We have approximately $1.1 billion remaining on our repurchase authorization. Turning now to guidance, as we have consistently done on our Q3 earnings call, we are updating and tightening our guidance ranges. The details of our guidance are contained in our press release. I will also provide color to support the updates to our annual outlook. Also, at this point, our projected reported and FX neutral growth rates have essentially converged. But as per our usual practice, I'll provide FX neutral growth rates, unless where noted. Starting with revenues, we now expect to deliver full year 2016 revenues of $2.435 billion to $2.465 billion. This represents growth of 13% to 15%. And we have raised the lower end of our previous total revenue guidance by $30 million. The top end of our prior guidance remains unchanged. Research revenue, which we expect to be approximately 75% of total revenues, is now projected to deliver $1.820 billion to $1.835 billion for the year. This would be 16% to 17% annual growth. We have raised both the top and bottom ends of our Research revenue guidance to reflect the strength we have seen in this business. We now expect Consulting revenues of $340 million to $350 million or 4% to 7% growth. We have raised the bottom end of our prior guidance by $5 million. For Events revenues, we now expect $275 million to $280 million or 8% to 10% growth. We have trimmed the top end of our prior guidance by $10 million. We now expect normalized EBITDA of $455 million to $475 million for 2016 or 10% to 15% annual growth. We've taken this range from both ends by $5 million each. For GAAP and adjusted EPS calculations, we now expect the cost associated with stock-based compensation to be approximately $45 million to $46 million. In addition, we now expect acquisition charges of approximately $39 million. The increase is primarily driven by our most recent acquisition. For tax, we now expect the 34% annual tax rate on a GAAP basis and 32% on a normalized basis. These projected rates are lower than our prior guidance reflecting our early adoption of ASU 2016-09. This implies a Q4 GAAP tax rate of approximately 40% and 38% on a normalized basis. Putting this all together, we are updating our GAAP EPS guidance for 2016 and now expect $2.29 per share to $2.45 per share for the year or 11% to 19% annual growth on a reported basis, a tightening of the range by increasing $0.07 to the bottom end and increasing by $0.01 at the top. The change is primarily due to the lower full year tax rate outlook that I just referenced offset by higher integration and acquisition charges. Our GAAP EPS guidance now includes approximately $0.60 per share of acquisition integration charges. Excluding the $0.60, our updated EPS guidance excluding acquisition and integration charges is $2.89 per share to $3.05 per share or 21% to 28% annual growth, an increase of approximately $0.22 to the low end and $0.16 to the high end of our previous guidance range. There are two primary drivers of the raise in guidance here. First, the aforementioned early adoption of ASU 2016-09 contributes approximately $0.12, with the balance made up of modestly lower forecasted expenses related to equity compensation, depreciation, and other expenses. For 2016, we now expect cash from operations of $370 million to $390 million, gross capital expenditures of approximately $49 million and cash acquisition and integration payments of $31 million. The yields a free cash flow range of $352 million to $372 million. This is a $5 million tightening of the top end of the range for operating and free cash flow, primarily related to the modest year-to-date deceleration in CV growth compared to 2015. Our updated free cash flow outlook equates to 11% to 16% growth when compared to full-year 2015. In closing, Gartner delivered another strong quarter in Q3 and our updated guidance for 2016 points to a continuation of our trend of double-digit growth in revenues, earnings and cash flow. For our core Research business, we see improving momentum and a number of our key metrics showed sequential stability or improvements. The initiatives we have put in place to support our growth in the challenging market environment are working and we entered Q4 with very strong forward-looking indicators. All these factors demonstrate that we can have a strong finish to 2016 with sequential acceleration in contract value growth and sales productivity. Moreover, we will continue to focus on leveraging our powerful business model and delivering long-term value to our shareholders. We now would be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Steven Moersalin - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hi. Good morning. It's Steven Moersalin for Peter. I have a two-part question. So, one, can you please talk more about the trends in the individual geographics? And secondly, can you talk more about the recent acquisition and what's your appetite for future M&A?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Good morning. How are you? In terms of the geographic trend, as both Gene and I mentioned, we are seeing broad-based growth. I think what's really nice for us is some of the places where we had seen challenges, we've seen that turn around based on our doubling down on best practices and real focus on execution. And so, as Gene mentioned, Brazil returned to double-digit growth. The energies and utilities sector improved about 500 basis points, sequentially, in contract value growth. And again, we continue to see broad-based growth across just about every region we deal in.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: And this is Gene, I will take the acquisition question. So we acquired a company called Supply Chain World  SCM World, and as you may know  so we have a business where we serve IT professionals, which is our largest business with syndicated research. We have two other syndicated research businesses; one is where we serve marketing professionals, another one where we serve supply chain professionals. Both of those are great businesses for us that are much smaller than IT, but are faster growing and have huge market opportunity. The acquisition of supply  SCM World basically is in support of that supply chain business. It's a really terrific company that serves  is focused on serving the largest companies in supply chain and was complementary to the business we had, which was more focused on the middle-market. And so, it basically gives us an additional base for future growth.
Steven Moersalin - Piper Jaffray & Co.: And what about your future appetite for M&A? Any updates on that?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So the  we look at M&A through three lenses; first either  deals that either augment or accelerate our core IT business, so for example in the past we bought META Group, Burton Group and IDEAS International. Second, transactions let us enter adjacent markets. We bought AMR Research; more recently, Software Advice, Nubera and Capterra and, of course, SCM World that we just talked about. And third, we've done what we call a techquisition, where we're purchasing talents and technology to improve operational capabilities; and our acquisition of Senexx and their natural language processing and machine learning expertise fell in that category. And so, that's how we think about acquisitions.
Steven Moersalin - Piper Jaffray & Co.: All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee with RBC. Your line is now open.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah, hey. Good morning, guys. I guess, the first question, can you provide a little more color on what exactly has driven this improvement during the quarter? You said doubling down on best practices in some difficult markets and a couple of other one-liners describing it, but what does that really mean? Can you maybe give us a concrete example? What's a best practice that wasn't already being done that has led to this performance; and it's especially impressive against slower head count growth, so how do we just think about that? Thank you.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah, Gary, good question. So the  one of our core elements of our strategy is constant improvements in our operational processes and strategy and continuous innovation as well, and so we try to innovate across every part of our business. A few quarters ago when we saw that the market was getting tougher, we decided that we need to really focus on making sure we  we were really good at helping companies in distress. So, we  the first thing we did is developed additional research that is focused on, if you're in distress how do you handle that, so that for companies in distress we're part of the solution, not part of the problem. We're helping them, actually, with whatever their problem is  whatever caused their distress, we're helping them solve it as opposed to part of the problem. And so, the first (36:06) actually updating our research. We then actually trained all of our sales and service people on that research and actually certified every one of them  all of them so that they were able to sit down with a client. So any time a client says, hey, we've got these financial problems, can you help us out, all of our sales and all of our service people knew exactly what to do and exactly how to utilize that research. So it really gets down to the sort of usual things we do, which is recruiting great salespeople, giving them great training  this was an example of the kind of training  and giving them great tools. Again, we had tools to help them understand what the clients' mission-critical priorities are and what the right research is to apply to those particular mission-critical priorities. And those are the things that operationally improved it. We put these things in place starting third and fourth quarter of last year, and then it took through  to get people trained and certified, it took the first six months of this year. And so, now we're really seeing the fruition of all that coming to bear. And again, I see this not as kind of like just one quarter, but this is kind of  it strengthens us on a go-forward basis, and we're going to continue innovating as well. So this is kind of how we run our business and why we've been able to have such great double-digit growth over such a sustained period of time.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's really helpful. Thanks. I guess one follow-up for Craig. So you outlined acquisitions and then buybacks as the priorities. Help me understand, then, what's been virtually no buybacks in the last six months and you've actually paid down debt. Should we read anything into that, or why have you decided to  particularly, this quarter with things getting better, it sounds like to not buy back any stock and reduce debt by $90 million. Thank you.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Good morning, Gary, and thanks for the question. Again, I think it goes back to what Gene described a little bit earlier. So in terms of our capital structure strategy and the way we think about things, first off, we continue to believe we can grow the business organically at double-digit rates into the future. On top of that, we do believe that strategic acquisitions can drive significant value for our shareholders. And so that remains our number one priority. Absent those acquisitions, we do look to return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program. While the activity has been a little bit light or lighter than historical, what I would tell you is, since 2014, as I mentioned, we repurchased just about $1 billion worth of our stock. If you go back further than that, it's an even larger number. And so we've been very aggressive over our history around both deploying our capital on strategic value enhancing acquisitions as well as returning capital to shareholders through share repurchase programs. The other thing I mentioned is we do have, as I talked about, a significant amount of capacity, our cash flow, revolver capacity, et cetera and $1.1 billion authorization. So we do believe on a go-forward basis we'll continue to look at our first priority, great acquisitions that enhance shareholder value. And then second priority, absent that, returning capital to shareholders.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tim McHugh with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Stephen Hardy Sheldon - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning. It's Stephen Sheldon in for Tim. Thanks for taking my questions. First I wanted to ask about sales force growth, it sounds like you are seeing solid underlying momentum, but that you're being more strategic about where you're hiring. Can you maybe talk some about whether  where you've either accelerated or decelerated the pace of hiring over the last few quarters?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. It's Gene. So as we've talked about in the past, the way that we decide how many salespeople to hire, it's not setting a top corporate level target and then passing it all down. It's looking at each individual sales territory, in particular each area management, each first level manager, and assessing how that manager's doing both individually and in their market and then based on the assessing their operational capability either accelerating or in some cases may be slowing down the rate of growth. We're growing  so you can see us growing virtually everywhere and some places are growing in the single-digit ranges, other places are growing at 25% or even a little bit more, even on sizable groups around the world. And so basically just depends on, again, at a manager level, what do we think the operational capability is to absorb additional sales head count. And of course, that's because we have this incredible market opportunity that we want to go after and what constrains us from capturing that market opportunity is just the amount of sales capacity we have in aggregate.
Stephen Hardy Sheldon - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then one more, you talked some about improving trends in Brazil and strong growth in Australia and China. I guess are there any remaining pockets of weakness that you're seeing from either a regional or an industry perspective?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah, I wouldn't say  unlike we had maybe six months ago, we don't really have any areas that are broadly like countries or geographies or industries. So again, if you went back a few months ago, oil and gas was more problematic for us. As a mentioned on the call, our CV growth rate in energy and utilities now is up 500 basis points just sequentially over the quarter. And so if I look at both geographies and industries and size of companies, we are really seeing growth everywhere and some is faster than others but really very solid great growth in each of  all of those areas.
Stephen Hardy Sheldon - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, all, this is Ryan (41:58) filling in for Manav. I guess just to get back to the sales force hiring, obviously it slowed a little bit in the last two quarters and now you're seeing actually a little bit of a bump in productivity and some improvement in CV. Is it  is there any way you're kind of re-examining whether growing it more this 10% range is maybe a smarter way to kind of help ramp the productivity going forward, is there a blueprint for future growth at all embedded in what we've seen the last two quarters?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, good questions. So we of course look at what's the impact of growth rate on the quality of hiring and things like that, and that's not the case, meaning that we can higher at 15% a year and have great quality people. We can hire 10% and have equally great quality people. And so the real issue is just, again, what's the operational capability. It's more of an operational capability that determines how fast we're going to hire. And again, because you  as we saw the first half of the year, our CV growth rate ticked down slightly. We were being very careful, again, like I said, at the area manager level saying, what are the places we see operational challenges and slowing a little bit there. Today again we're seeing broad-based strength. And so I think you can translate what that in terms of head count growth. But it's operational capability as opposed to does the rate of hiring affect the quality or productivity.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. And then just a follow-up on some of the best practices you've been talking about. So it sounds like training some of the sales force to kind of recognize more financial distress, but I guess that almost sounds more consulting base. I guess, are there new products that are out there from the research side that are helping them or is it just a different approach to the sales strategy on these clients?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So we  our research  every part of our business is continually changing, we introduce innovations all the time and so I gave a specific example. But if you look at like our research content, it is  we make sure  what's most valuable to our clients changes all the time and we have teams of analysts that are focused on making sure research is focused on the most important areas for the analysts. Than beyond that on the product side, we have product innovations happening all the time, and so it's too numerous to list on this call. So in each of our product areas we have product innovations. And then just kind of as one that we did talk about is SCM World which basically gave us a very good innovation in terms of serving the largest supply chain enterprises in the world. And then we also innovate in terms of how we recruit people. So we can identify people most likely to be successful. We innovate in terms of the training. Training is not  it's not kind of  you shouldn't interpret this as like there is just one change and it had an impact and we're done. We do this all the time and adapt to the world  changes of the world. And then tools, we know that  of all people, we know in technology that taking the incredible things you can do it technology today with things like machine learning, artificial intelligence, natural-language processing, we are integrating those into our processes to support our associates whether it be in sales, whether it be in service to make them the most effective they can be.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Ryan (45:14), the one other thing I would add is it does point to and accentuate just the breadth and depth of what we have from an operating perspective across our research portfolio. And sometimes it's just a matter of highlighting for our clients any area that they may not have focused on previously or may not have known we had. And so there's an element of that as well, which is if you are running the cost reduction play, we actually have a lot of analysts and a lot of research that can help you do that. If you're running the digital play, we can help you there. If you're running the cloud play, we can help you there. So it's really points to the breadth and depth of our offerings that we can run the plays required based on what the clients need at that time or what their financial situation is.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler with Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. Thank you. Good morning. I guess a follow-up on the sales head count. Should we think of it as a dynamic process you'll continue to do this bottom up build? So if you continue to see improvement in some of the regions that were weaker and continue to see productivity improvement, it could we reaccelerate from 11% to 12% as we get into 2017 now that you are planning on running the business at this level more intermediate-term, is that the way to think about it, or?
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: I think that's a very accurate way to think about it, which is, again, based on the operational capability we see, we expect in overall our sales force head count is going to grow in the 10% to 15% range and it's going to be based on the operational capability at the manager level.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: And Jeff, the one other thing I would add is our conviction in the market opportunity has not wavered one bit, and so any modulation is really around assessing things at the ground level and ensuring that we are deploying additional resources in places that can drive productivity profitably. And so it's tweaking on the margin there but, again, we remain absolutely convicted around the market opportunity and again believe we can grow the sales force to capture that market opportunity over the mid-term to long-term.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then the Events full-year guidance reducing the top end of the range heading into symposium season, the commentary on Orlando was positive but just what's driving the reduction in guidance and are there any particular symposium that are more pressured and is it ad rates or is it CIO attendance? Thanks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yes, it's Gene. First, we're still expecting full-year  if you look at our guidance, we are still expecting towards double-digit growth. Our Orlando symposium, we mentioned, the largest event, was sold out for the third year in a row. We also last year had a very strong Events quarter, which creates a strong and kind of a tough comparison point, not to say that we don't like tough comparison, but it does create a tough comparison point. And then the other thing going into Q4 is that there is three particular events and again, remember, we hold more than 60 events a year. These three particular events, they were on two different continents that had a little  that underperformed relative to what we would have expected for operational reasons. So in one case of one of these events  and again, they still had  they still performed well, just not as well as we would have liked. One of them we had an exhibitor sales issue where we didn't get that exactly right. And another one we had an attendee marking issue, didn't get that exactly right; and then the third one, we consolidated three events into one, and one plus one plus one didn't equal three. And so we kind of had three specific events, all coming in Q4. Normally this would be spread through the year and that affects our Q4 results.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Anj Singh with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, this is (49:24) for Anj Singh and this is just a housekeeping question regarding the net contract value increase for this quarter. If I missed it, how much is it? And how much is it down year-to-year?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: So the net contract value increase on a year-over-year basis FX neutral was $211 million -
Unknown Speaker: Right.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.:  and we were at 13% growth, which was stable from Q2.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open.
Mike Reid - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hi, good morning. This is Mike Reid on for Joe; thanks for taking the question. I had a question  the client additions looked to have improved pretty good sequentially. Should we think about it improving this way going forward or does that just kind of have a normal ebb and flow with no seasonality, or how should we think about that?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Hey, Mike, good morning. We obviously  we grow our contract value through a combination of driving additional penetration in our existing accounts and we gave you some color around the average spend per enterprise and our wallet retention metrics that illustrate that, on top of that because of that enormous market opportunity, we do believe that we can consistently find net new logos to bring into the fold as well. And so, it may deviate a little bit from quarter-to-quarter. But over time if you look back, we've typically driven between 6% and 8% growth in our enterprises each and every year, and that would be our expectation rolling forward as well.
Mike Reid - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. And then, just a quick question on the tax rule. So you said that had $0.11 benefit so far this year, and then the guidance was for $0.12 full-year for that?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: That is correct, yes.
Mike Reid - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber with BMO. Your line is now open.
Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi, thanks. It's Henry Chien calling for Jeff. Good morning. So I just was curious if we can get an update on some of the new initiatives that you've rolled out over the past year or so in terms of the supply chain and digital marketing? If we could just get an update on those initiatives and how much of that, if possible, is contributing to some of the acceleration in growth? Thanks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So  it's Gene. So in supply chain, the biggest initiative we've had is the acquisition of SCM World, which, as I said, really gives us a great offering set for the largest companies of the world. And so, you combine kind of our sales capability with that great delivery capability, it really will help accelerate growth of that business. The supply chain business is accretive to our growth. It's been growing faster than average, and so it's driving our growth rate up. It's a huge market. We have an even  we have a small penetration in the IT world. In the supply chain world, we have an even smaller penetration. So it's a huge enormous growth opportunity far into the future for us there. You asked about digital marketing. Our digital marketing business, also, is terrific. The digital marketing business is focused on helping smaller companies  we call them small and midsized companies  with their IT issues, just like we've been doing in the larger enterprise space over time. And we do that through Software Advice, Capterra and GetApp brands. And it's about  again, just like the larger companies, it's helping them solve the IT problems they have, in particular when they want to select pieces of software, finding the right piece of software for each of those businesses in the small and midsized business area.
Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Got it. Okay. And just as a follow-up, so it sounds like growth has been pretty measured and has been solid over this past quarter. Just thinking in terms of mid-term to long-term high-level, is this the kind of growth that you want to accelerate over the next, say, two, three years, if these type of trends continue? Thanks.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Hey, Henry just to clarify, are you talking about sales head count growth?
Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yes, sales head count growth in terms of how you're investing, but just in terms of high-level growth. Is this kind of the level that you would hopefully expect to accelerate or are you trying to keep it at a measured type of this level for the time being? Thanks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: Yeah. So we would like to have our sales force growth as fast as we can to go capture our market opportunity. When we sell new clients, it's very profitable for us. And so, we want to go as fast as we can do it operationally. And so, we've kind of targeted the kind of 10% to 15% head count range as what we think is  what we could do operationally today. And so, clearly, we're aiming for 15% if we can do it. And again, operationally, if we figure out ways to get it even faster than that, we want to do that as well.
Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Got it. Okay. That's helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Unknown Speaker: Good morning, guys. This is Patrick (54:34) in for Toni. I wanted to ask about Consulting. It looks like growth was relatively in line with last quarter, but obviously off of an easier comp. And it looked like utilization and backlog ticked down sequentially. Have you seen clients holding off on new projects ahead of maybe a volatile election season or is there anything else to call out there? And then, I'd appreciate if you could add some color on the decline we saw in Consulting margins as well.
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Good morning, Patrick (55:00). It's Craig. On the Consulting business, actually the business is in a very strong position for us and we actually feel really good about where we are. There's a couple of factors that are impacting the backlog and if you  which I discussed in my prepared remarks, but essentially Q3 of last year we had a very large booking in a non-target geography that was in our Q3 ending backlog. And we've basically almost run through that project at this point in terms of recognizing the revenue of that backlog. And we didn't have another large booking in non-target geography in Q3 of this year. So if you strip that out, our backlog is actually up 5% year-over-year. And the really important measure for us is looking at our forward revenue coverage. And as I mentioned, we have over four months of backlog coverage covering our forward revenue. And our internal target is around 4%. So we are actually a little bit above our own internal target there. So we continue to see great demand. We have not seen a slowdown in terms of the decision-making. Again, our Consulting projects are really oriented around supporting and driving our clients' mission-critical priorities. And so, in tough times or in good times they still need that help, and Gartner Consulting is there to help them. So again, we feel very good about where the Consulting business is and actually think we're entering Q4 in a position of strength.
Unknown Speaker: Thanks, Craig. And anything to add on margins? They look like they declined, obviously year-over-year. Anything to call out there?
Craig W. Safian - Gartner, Inc.: Yes, the only thing I'd call out, Patrick, (56:50) is we continue to invest in managing partners and  which is essentially a combination of a sales and delivery resource. The Consulting P&L bears  at the gross margin level, bears the full cost of those managing partners. As we mentioned, we are up about 15% on managing partners on a year-over-year basis. And again, we are making a long-term investment bet on them that they will continue to help us drive consistent performance, consistent backlog growth and consistent revenue burn and recurring revenue with our largest client. So that's the primary driver of that  of that small margin decrease.
Unknown Speaker: Awesome. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Gene Hall for any closing remarks.
Eugene A. Hall - Gartner, Inc.: So, thank you. To summarize the key points of today's call, we've introduced improvements and innovations to provide tremendous value to our clients whether they are thriving or in distress. We're seeing the positive operational impact of these changes with double-digit growth in our major metrics during Q3. Our business gathered momentum throughout Q3, culminating in an extraordinarily strong September. We entered Q4 with strong leading indicators. And based the operational performance of the innovations we introduced, our momentum coming out of Q3 and the strengthening of our leading indicators, we expect to see contract value growth accelerate during Q4 and we also expect sales productivity to improve sequentially over Q3. As I said before, we see this as an inflection point in the performance of our business. We are well on track to deliver another year of double-digit growth in contract value, revenue and earnings, coupled with strong cash flow conversion. Our long-term outlook remains equally strong. And as always, we remain committed to enhancing shareholder value through investment in our business, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. Thanks for joining us today and we look forward to updating you again early next year.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sherief Hassan Bakr - Group Vice President-Investor Relations Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Timothy J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Gunnar Hansen - RBC Capital Markets LLC Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Gartner's Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter of 2016. A replay of this call will be available through September 4, 2016. The replay can be accessed by dialing 888-286-8010 for domestic calls and 617-801-6888 for international calls and by entering passcode 21946131. This call is being simultaneously webcast, and will be archived on Gartner's website at www.gartner.com for approximately 30 days. I will now turn the conference over to Sherief Bakr, Gartner's Group Vice President of Investor Relations, for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir.
Sherief Hassan Bakr - Group Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Sue, and good morning everyone. Welcome to Gartner's second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. With me today in Stanford is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. This call includes a discussion of Q2 2016 financial results as disclosed in today's press release, as well as our outlook for 2016. After our prepared remarks, you'll have an opportunity to ask questions. I'd like to remind everyone that the press release is available on our website, investor.gartner.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that certain statements made in this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and 2016 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I'd encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. With that, I'd like to hand the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our quarterly earnings call. Q2 was a robust quarter with strong performances across our business. As on prior calls, I'll review our key operating metrics on an FX neutral basis. We do business in more than 90 countries around the world. And with ongoing currency fluctuations, that's the best way to understand the underlying health of our business. For the second quarter of 2016, total company revenues grew 12% and we continue to see robust demand for our products and services. Research, which is our largest and most profitable segment, achieved 17% revenue growth over the same quarter last year. These results were driven by double-digit contract value growth and contributions from our recent acquisitions. Our contact value grew 13% with double-digit growth in every region, across every client size and in, virtually, every industry. Client retention and wallet retention were strong at 83% and 104% respectively, while down modestly from our recent all-time highs. Our Consulting segment deepens relationships with our largest clients. And for Q2, our Consulting business achieved 6% revenue growth with utilization up 1-point over the same quarter last year. Backlog, which is a leading indicator of future revenue growth for this business segment, grew 15% over this time last year. Our Events segment continues to drive strong growth by extending our brand. For the second quarter 2016, Event revenues were up 16% on a same events basis. We hosted more than 15,000 attendees across 25 events that we held in the quarter. Our results reflect the tremendous value we deliver to our clients. Technology is critical for every enterprise around the world. Every enterprise has cybersecurity risks. Every enterprise is worried about technology disruption. And technology is the key to fueling cost reduction, whether enterprise is funding new growth initiatives or improving margins. Enterprises know they need help. And Gartner is the best and most cost-effective source for that help. Our clients rely on us for independent, objective, fact-based insights for making critical technology decisions. Our services deliver tremendous value, and in most cases pay back many times over. There're a number of factors in the global economy today that impact our clients. Economic growth has slowed in countries around the world. Oil and other commodity prices have fallen dramatically. Exchange rates are at levels that challenge U.S. exporters and challenge non-U.S. importers. And most recently, there's Brexit. As a result of these factors, we see a higher proportion of our clients with financial challenges compared to the past few years. In the U.S., the S&P 500 is having its fourth consecutive quarter of negative earnings growth. In Europe, the S&P 350 is expected to have negative earnings growth this year. In any of our markets, we always have clients who are doing great, clients who are doing okay and clients who are in economic distress. We know how to be successful with all clients, whether they're thriving or in financial distress, which is why we've consistently delivered double-digit growth in every geography, in virtually every industry and across every client site segment. However, when clients are in distress, decisions like those can get extended as they scrutinize every expense. Because of the pervasive criticality of technology and the incredibly strong value we deliver, we win with these clients. The decisions like those can take longer, which has led to a modest reduction in our growth rate. With an enterprise that's thriving or facing economic challenges, Gartner is the insight and advise our clients need to achieve the success in their mission-critical priorities. So summarizing, we had a very robust Q2 with strong performances across our business. Our client base is highly diversified with more than 10,000 client enterprises, in every size from the largest in the world to the smallest, and more than 90 countries and across every industry. We had double-digit contract value growth in all geographies, all client sizes and virtually all industries. We've a huge untapped market opportunity. We've robust demand for offerings and our pipeline is strong, and we're not standing still. We attract the best talent in the industry. We continue to invest in innovations to improve our content, products, hiring, training and tools to drive continued improvement in our operational effectiveness. We're committed to enhancing shareholder value through investment in our business, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. Our 2016 and long-term outlook is strong. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Craig.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. Gartner's second quarter performance continues our long-term trend of double-digit growth. Despite challenges in the economic environment, we see robust demand for our products and services, and our sales pipeline is strong. The combination of the tremendous value we provide to our clients around the world, the investments we're making to capture our vast market opportunity and our exceptional business model allows us to consistently deliver double-digit revenue, earnings and free cash flow growth. Our first half performance, combined with our expectations for the balance of the year, indicate that we are well on track to continue that trend for the full-year 2016. On an FX neutral basis, our year-on-year financial performance for the second quarter 2016 included: contract value growth of 13% and Research revenue growth of 17%; Events revenue growth of 16% on a same events basis; Consulting revenue growth of 6% with backlog growth of 15%; normalized EBITDA growth of 5% or 14% when adjusted for the shift in the timing of events; and diluted EPS, excluding acquisition adjustments, of $0.71 per share. This compares to $0.65 per share in the second quarter of 2015, and our guidance range of $0.66 per share to $0.70 per share. In addition, our exceptional business model and focus on cash flow continues to create a consistently high level of free cash flow conversion. On a rolling four-quarter basis, our free cash flow conversion was 142% of normalized net income. For the first half of the year, which normalizes for the calendar shift in events, our year-over-year FX-neutral performance highlights are as follows. Total revenue growth of 16%; Research revenue growth of 18%; Consulting revenue growth of 9%; Events revenue growth of 14%; normalized EBITDA growth of 16%; and diluted earnings per share, excluding acquisition adjustments, of $1.32 per share. This compares to $1.02 per share in the first half of 2015, an increase of 29% on a reported basis. I'll now discuss our second quarter business segment performance in-depth, and then turn to our balance sheet and cash flow dynamics. I will then close with remarks on our guidance for Q3 and outlook for the full year. We will then be happy to take your questions. Beginning with Research; Research revenue grew 16% on an as-reported basis and 17% on an FX-neutral basis in the second quarter. Excluding the impact of our newest acquisitions and FX, Research revenues were up organically by over 12%. Our recently acquired businesses continue to perform strongly. The gross contribution margin for Research was 70% for the same level compared to the second quarter of 2015. All of our other Research business metrics remained strong. Total contract value was $1.754 billion as of the end of Q2, FX-neutral growth of 13% versus the prior year. For reference and comparison, our Q2 2015 total contract value, at current year FX rates, was $1.549 billion. We have a highly diversified business. We serve clients in more than 90 countries. Our clients operate in every industry vertical. And we serve the largest enterprises in the world, down to the smallest businesses. This diversified client base is a strength, as it helps us to mitigate against problems in any one region, any one industry or any one size of client. Consistent with this, our growth in contract value continues to be broad based. Every region, every client size and virtually every industry segment grew at double-digit rates. As Gene mentioned, client retention was 83% for Q2, down 2 points from the second quarter of 2015. Wallet retention ended at 104% for the quarter, also down 2 points year-on-year. As Gene mentioned earlier, we are seeing a higher proportion of clients experiencing financial challenges. These challenges impact our retention and productivity metrics. For example, decision cycles can lengthen. And if those decisions stretch over a quarter, it can impact retention and productivity. That said, we still offer our clients great value and know how to operate successfully, whether our clients are in growth mode or are facing challenges. New business increased 11% year-on-year in Q2. The new business mix is consistent with prior quarters and remains balanced between sales and new clients, and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. And as always, we continue to benefit from our consistent price increases and discipline around pricing. Our new business growth reflects our success in penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing client enterprises. We ended the second quarter with 10,477 enterprise clients, up 5% compared to Q2 2015. The average spend for enterprise also continues to grow. It now stands at $167,000 per enterprise, up 7% versus prior year on an FX-neutral basis. This increase in average spend reflects our ability to drive CV growth through both new and existing enterprises. Turning to sales productivity. As we have detailed in the past, we calculate sales productivity as the net contract value increase, what we call NCVI, per account executive. We look at it on a rolling four-quarter basis to eliminate seasonality, and we use opening sales head count as the period denominator. Over the last 12 months, we grew our contract value by $205 million in FX-neutral terms. Using our Q2 2015 ending sales head count of 2,070 as our beginning of period denominator yields NCVI per AE of $98,000 on a rolling four-quarter basis, or a 14% decline over the second quarter of last year when the comparable figure was $114,000 per account executive at constant currency rates. As always, we remain highly focused on improving our sales productivity and remain confident that the initiatives we have implemented to drive productivity will positively impact our results over the long-term. Consistent with this, our strategic priority continues to be on investing to capture the vast market opportunity ahead of us and to drive long-term earnings and cash flow growth for our shareholders. We continually evaluate and adjust the pace of these investments, taking a highly analytical approach to how and where we allocate sales resources, all the way down to the individual team level. We do not take a one-size-fits-all approach. For example, if we are seeing strong CV growth and good productivity trends in a team or region, then we would plan to increase head count faster than the average in those areas. Similarly, if we were to see decelerating CV growth and declining productivity metrics, we would slow head count growth. We will continue to make operational adjustments where needed and report back to you on our progress. To sum-up, we delivered a solid quarter in Research with 13% contract value growth and strong growth from our most recent acquisitions. While sales productivity declined in the quarter, we are confident that the productivity initiatives we have in place will positively impact contract value growth in 2016 and ultimately Research revenue growth over the long-term. Moving to Events. On a same-event and FX-neutral basis, Events revenues increased 16% year-on-year in Q2. As noted last quarter, we moved three larger events that occurred in Q2 2015 into the first quarter of 2016, which impacted the reported results in both Q1 and Q2 of this year. In the second quarter, we held 25 events with 15,451 attendees, compared to 26 events and 17,107 attendees in the second quarter of 2015. On a same-event basis, we had a 5% increase in attendees. Events Q2 gross contribution margin was 54%, up slightly compared to the lighter year-ago quarter. As I mentioned earlier, Events revenue increased by 14% on an FX-neutral basis in the first half of 2016. Consulting had a strong quarter, generating a 6% year-on-year FX-neutral increase in revenues. The labor-based business was up 10% versus Q2 of last year on an FX-neutral basis, with broad-based growth. The contract optimization practice declined for Q2 versus 2015, but has showed growth on a year-to-date basis. The underlying operating metrics of our Consulting business remain strong. On the labor-based side, global head count of 626 was up 11% from the year-ago quarter, and second quarter annualized revenue per billable head count ended at $408,000, which was approximately flat year-on-year on an FX-neutral basis. Our ongoing investment in managing partners continues to drive demand for our services, and we had 112 managing partners at the end of Q2, a 12% increase over the year-ago quarter. Related to this, backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our Consulting business, ended the quarter at $109 million, up 15% year-on-year on an FX-neutral basis. This represents over four months of forward backlog. Moving down the income statement. SG&A increased by 14% year-over-year in the second quarter, primarily driven by the growth in our sales force. As of the end of Q2, we had 2,297 direct quota-bearing sales associates, an increase of 227 or 11% from a year ago. At June 30, we had a large number of new sales associates who are still in training, and thus not in the final count. If we normalize for the timing of these hires, our year-on-year sales head count growth was 14% for the quarter. Moving on to EBITDA and earnings; normalized EBITDA was $118 million in the second quarter, up 7% year-on-year on a reported basis and up 5% on an FX-neutral basis. Excluding the shift in events I mentioned earlier, normalized EBITDA would have been up approximately 14% in the quarter. On a year-to-date basis, normalized EBITDA is up 16% versus the prior year on both a reported and FX-neutral basis. Moving down the income statement; depreciation, amortization and acquisition and integration charges all increased year-over-year reflecting higher capital spending to support our growth as well as the impact of our recent acquisitions. Net interest expense was $7 million in Q2, reflecting our increased borrowing. Our GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 37.9%, which is higher than our full-year GAAP tax rate guidance of approximately 36% due to Q2 timing of tax costs. Adjusting for acquisition charges, our normalized tax rate for the quarter was 35.1%, which is in line with our full-year normalized tax rate guidance of approximately 35%. GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.57 in Q2. Our GAAP EPS included roughly $0.14 worth of acquisition and integration charges. EPS, excluding acquisition and integration charges, was $0.71 per share in Q2, up 9% versus Q2 of 2015. On a year-to-date basis, EPS excluding acquisition and integration charges is up 29% year-over-year. Turning now to cash; for Q2, operating cash flow was $145 million, approximately flat on a year-on-year basis. We define free cash flow as operating cash flow, less capital expenditures with cash acquisition and integration payments added back. In the second quarter, free cash flow was $127 million compared to $132 million in Q2 2015. Managing our business to generate strong cash flow is one of our top priorities. Year-to-date free cash flow was impacted by three primary factors. First, the modest deceleration of our CV growth rate. Second, the timing of bookings across all of our businesses. And third, modestly higher capital expenditures to support the growth of the business. Our full-year outlook still shows free cash flow growth of 11% to 19%. Consistent with the negative working capital dynamics that are a key characteristic of our subscription-based business model, we continue to generate free cash flow well in excess of net income on a rolling four-quarter basis. At the end of Q2, this equated to a rolling four-quarter free cash flow of $320 million. This represents a net income to free cash flow conversion of 142%. Strategic acquisitions and share repurchases continued to be the primary uses of our free cash flow and available capital. Our number one priority remains executing on value-creating, acquisition opportunities and our M&A pipeline remains active. At the end of the second quarter, we announced and closed the acquisition of SCM World, a leading cross-industry peer network and learning community providing subscription-based research and conferences for supply chain executives, spending $29 million in Q2. As you'll see in our 10-Q, there are other contingent payments associated with this deal based upon employment and performance criteria. We were able to use our overseas cash to fund this acquisition. During the second quarter, we repurchased $7 million worth of our shares. On a year-to-date basis, we've repurchased 52 million of shares. As of June 30, we had approximately $1.1 billion available under our share repurchase authorization. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet, cash position and enhanced liquidity profile. As of June 30, we had gross debt of $835 million. When combined with our cash balance of $445 million, it represents a net debt position of $390 million or about 0.9 times normalized EBITDA. In June, we closed on a new $1.8 billion secured credit facility consisting of a $600 million term loan and a $1.2 billion revolver. As we assessed our projected growth, our potential future needs as well as the attractiveness of the bank markets, we decided to take the opportunity to expand and extend our credit facility. As of June 30, we have an additional $966 million of revolver capacity. That and our ongoing free cash flow generation gives us ample liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive shareholder value. Before discussing our guidance, I did want to mention Brexit, as I know that many of you've been asking questions related to it and our exposure in the UK. We generated approximately 7% of our revenues in the UK. More importantly and as I mentioned earlier, we know how to operate and execute in times of uncertainty. By staying focused on our customers' mission-critical priorities, we're confident that we can continue to provide value, whether our clients are thriving or under financial stress. Turning now to guidance. Except for some modest changes to reflect the impact of our most recent acquisition, our guidance is unchanged from May. If you recall, we raised our guidance in May and our Q2 performance is consistent with that outlook. All of the guidance information is contained in our press release, so I'll only focus on the highlights and the items that changed. Our 2016 guidance still expects total revenues of $2.405 billion to $2.465 billion. This is FX-neutral growth of 13% to 15%. We continue to expect to deliver between $450 million and $480 million of normalized EBITDA, or 11% to 19% growth on an FX-neutral basis. To account for additional amortization and acquisition and integration charges from the SCM World deal, we now expect approximately $0.05 more of acquisition and integration charges in 2016. As a result, we are updating our GAAP EPS guidance and now expect $2.22 per share to $2.44 per share in 2016. This includes $0.45 per share of acquisition-related charges. Excluding acquisition and integration charges, our guidance for EPS remains at $2.67 per share to $2.89 per share in 2016. This represents FX-neutral growth of approximately 13% to 22%. There are no other changes to our outlook for the full-year 2016. For the third quarter of 2016, we expect GAAP EPS of $0.36 per share to $0.40 per share, including $0.11 per share of acquisition and integration charges. This yields EPS excluding acquisition and integration charges of $0.47 per share to $0.51 per share. Q3 is historically one of our smallest quarters, and that is the case again in 2016. In summary, Gartner delivered another very strong quarter in Q2 with all three of our businesses performing well. Despite some challenges in the economic environment, demand for our products and services continues to be robust and our sales pipeline is strong. We continue to provide value to our clients and are in a great position to help our clients with our most important technology, supply chain and digital marketing initiatives, whether they are in growth mode or are facing challenges. Our strategic priority continues to be on investing organically and through value enhancing initiatives to capture the vast market opportunity ahead of us, while also returning capital to shareholders. Our recent acquisitions and execution of our ongoing share repurchase program is consistent with this. We remain highly focused on driving sales force productivity and we're confident that the initiatives we've implemented to drive productivity will positively impact the results over the long-term. We had a very strong first half of 2016, and our full-year 2016 outlook is for double-digit growth in revenue, earnings and cash flow. And finally, we continue to leverage our powerful business model, which consistently delivers free cash flow well in excess of net income. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. And your first question comes from the line of Timothy McHugh from William Blair. Please proceed.
Timothy J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you. I guess, first, just wanted to ask on your comment about the little bit longer sales cycle. I guess, it's understandable in this environment, but can you maybe elaborate, I guess, I know you grew double digits in every kind of region and client size, but were there areas of the world where you saw this more and less, and I guess was it any more pronounced later in the quarter surrounding Brexit and some of that volatility than, I guess, earlier in the quarter?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right. Hey, Tim. It's Gene. So, to get to the last part first, we didn't see in the quarter anything we could directly trace to Brexit on anything. So, within Q2, I'd say, we couldn't pick up any direct impact of Brexit. With regard to sort of elaborate a little, if you think about selling  I'll use Brazil as an example. If you're selling to an enterprise in Brazil, whether it's public sector or private sector, the economy is just terrible. It's shrinking. They have a lot of problems. And they still buy. We're actually growing in Brazil still, but it's a lot lower than it was before. And so, what happens is, client may want to take  this happens in public sector frequently, client will want to renew because the government revenues are down so much, there's a lot of scrutiny and sometimes that renewal will extend for, call it, three months longer than we would have normally had wherever it is right on time. That's an example of what the kind of things going on. And it's in the areas you'd expect, which is like where oil and gas has been really affected. Again, in the oil and gas by the way, in aggregate, we were growing. In Brazil, we were growing. In fact, it's a lot slower growth than it used to be. And that's kind of an example of the extended decision-making cycle. So, it's exactly we'd expected.
Timothy J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Are you surprised though, it was kind of a volatile world in the first quarter as well. And I guess, so, what feels different, I guess, in 2Q than 1Q that you're highlighting it a little bit more?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think it's not that there is a dramatic change between first quarter and second quarter. I think that it's kind of an incremental change where these  when things get bad, companies hope that they're going to get better. And when they stay better  again, I'll use Brazil as an example, when it becomes clearer and clearer that there's problems, incrementally things get a little worse. By the way, my sense in Brazil is it's bottomed out, but I do think that it was a little worse in Q2 than it was in Q1, and Q1 was a little worse than it was in Q4. And so that's just an example.
Timothy J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And, Craig, just real quick numbers on. Can you give us any sense for the contract value or revenue for SCM?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Tim. Good morning. Yeah. It's small. It's a relatively small acquisition as you've seen from the purchase price. It doesn't contribute all that much to the overall. And we typically don't break out the contract value from small businesses or from small acquisitions, but suffice it to say, we think it's a great deal for us. It really helps us and enhances our supply chain business selling into the key executives from a supply chain perspective, but relatively small from a contract value perspective.
Timothy J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler from Baird. Please proceed.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. Thank you. Good morning. I guess, just given that you cite a lot of the research metrics on a rolling LTM basis, but given all of the commentary in the prepared remarks, just to confirm, it does sound like if you just look at the quarterly metrics, things are trending, I guess, a little bit worse or a little bit slower growth in Q2 just on a quarterly metric basis than they were three quarters, four quarters ago. Is that an accurate interpretation?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Jeff. That's 100% accurate. And, again, I think a lot of it relates to what Gene just described both in his prepared remarks and in the Q&A, as the sales cycles lengthen and things crossover quarters, as I've described. We will often take down business that will impact the renewal rate. We stay in touch with the client. The client still really needs our value. We win back that business over subsequent months and quarters, but your assertion is correct that Q2 you would see a slowdown in the contract value growth rate as well as the retention measures.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay.
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Good ahead, Gene.
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm sorry. Go ahead, Jeff.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): No. Please add what you were going to.
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, like I said, keep in mind, again, we had great double-digit contract value growth. And so, I don't want to overplay the point which is, we have tremendous market opportunity. Clients love our products. We had great double-digit growth. I mentioned our retention metric was down a little bit, but it's still at great  you compare to any metric externally, it's terrific measure and it's down slightly from our all-time high. So, actually, we're seeing great demand for our products. Just, as you said, a little different than it was a year ago.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay.
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: In the places you'd expect.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Understood. And then on capital deployment, asking this question in the context of slower first half share repurchases coupled with the increased credit line. Anything that should be read into putting those two things together in terms of appetite for a larger deal? Or is there something about the credit facility that will help facilitate more aggressive share repurchases that was an obstacle in the first half or anything like that?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Jeff. It's Craig. I think when we look at capital deployment, there's really no change to how we think about the approach. We're, as always, we remain very focused on ensuring that we deploy our cash flow and our balance sheet flexibility and our capital to drive value for shareholders. We always talk about, and this has not changed, we have two priorities. Our number one priority is shareholder value enhancing strategic M&A. And we've proven over the last two years, two-and-a-half years that we've been able to do that and get really great properties and bring them into Gartner and drive really great growth and really great value for our shareholders. In absence of those value-enhancing M&A, we still believe that return of capital to shareholders through share repurchase program is a great way to do that. And those remain the two top priorities. But number one is still that value-enhancing strategic M&A. From a credit facility perspective, it's one of those things where when you look at our growth and where we're going and making sure that we have access to capital to do the value-enhancing things we want to do, we looked at the markets and we just wanted to make sure we took advantage of being able to upsize the credit facility, push out the term at extraordinarily attractive rate. So, it's really a combination of we're growing and we want to make sure we have the right size credit facility, and then also being strategically opportunistic around making sure we locked in at very attractive pricing.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then just final one from me, can you remind us how you calculate retention and, specifically, I'm wondering, is there some sort of adjustment made for when a client drops out for a two-months or three-months period, or is it just a pure mathematical calculation with no adjustment made for factors like that? Thank you.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: It varies, Jeff. It's kind of situational depending on the client situation. But generally speaking, if we take the business down, so if the client does not renew on time, generally speaking that will come out of the retention in that given quarter. And then as we work it back, it goes back into the contract value base when they resume their services.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee from RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Gunnar Hansen - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. This is Gunnar Hansen in for Gary. Gene, you mentioned just some in the post Brexit comment that 2Q wasn't impacted. Now that we're kind of a month, little over a month beyond the vote, has there been any incremental kind of headwind or slowness there in that region that you want to mention?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I'd say, it's too early to tell. So, again, it's too early to tell.
Gunnar Hansen - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Fair enough. And I guess, Craig, just with the sales force hiring, and obviously, you said that there is a big class, I guess, toward the end of the month in June. Is it still the expectations, I guess, any updated commentary on the guidance for the sales head count for the year? It seems like that it is likely to be a touch below kind of the 15% that you guys were guiding for earlier on. Is that fair?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Hey, Gunnar. Good morning. We're still targeting in that 15% range, give or take. As I mentioned, if you normalize for the timing of that class, we're at 14%. We were at 16% in Q1 and 16% for full year last year. So, based on everything we're looking at, and again, as I mentioned, we are looking at the growth at a team by team level, but based on everything we're looking at now, we would expect to be in that 15% range.
Gunnar Hansen - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then just last one, on a positive note, I'll move away from some of the other challenged sectors, but any regions or sectors or industries that you guys want to highlight that had particular strength in the quarter? Maybe something along the lines of productivity has improved and where you are making incremental additions to the sales force there?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, it's Gene. Yeah, we have lots of areas that are doing well. First, if you look at like Asia is doing well, very well for us sort of  not every country in Asia, but Asia overall is doing very well for us. A lot of the emerging markets are doing very well for us. If you look within the U.S., there're certain industries that are doing very well. I won't break it out, but there're certain industries that are doing very well. In Europe, again, there're certain countries that are doing well.
Gunnar Hansen - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen. So, I think, obviously, the deceleration in some of the markets and so forth is probably not surprising given the macro challenges out there. But I guess going forward, is the way we should think about it is, given all the positive commentary you had to say, Gene, and the hiring is still on track for 15% that, irrespective of the deceleration, you guys will still just power on with the 15% sales head count growth even if that impacts productivity?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, where we start from is this. As you know, we have this incredibly large untapped market opportunity. And we approach our businesses long-term, which is, we want to make sure we continue to capture that market opportunity and position ourselves well for double-digit growth every single year. Having said that, as you know, we also then take that and we look at each individual sales team, we go down to an individual manager level and say, based on the macroeconomic environment they're facing, (39:17)  based on the industry specifics they're facing and based on the bandwidth of that particular manager, can we add capacity there. So, again, if I looked at  again I'll go back to Brazil, most of our managers in Brazil, we are not adding head count to because they have their hands full dealing with the economic issues there. Again, we're still growing in Brazil. So, I want to make sure I reinforce that. And so, we'd be adding a lot less head count there. It'd be unusual to add a lot in someplace like Brazil. On the other hand, we do have areas that are growing very rapidly like Asia, where we might be growing our head count by as much as 25% on those teams. And so the 15% is not kind of a 15% target at a kind of macro level. We look at individual teams and say, based on the market condition that team is facing, and based on the capability that manager to take on additional headcounts and additional opportunity, how does that work out? Historically that's worked out kind of around the 15%  between probably 13% to 17% range. And going forward, we're going to do exact same thing. And so, if for some reason we see more teams that are challenged, you might see that toward the lower end of that range and if you see fewer teams toward the higher end of that range, but it's not to set at a macro level, it's set based on bottoms up level that gets us that.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks for that color. And then, Craig, did you say that 27% of your revenues is UK or is that Europe as well, because I guess, I think in the past you guys has said all your country exposures mirror GDP and that seemed a little outside. So, maybe you can just help us there?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I'm sorry, Manav. I said 7%. Nothing in front of the 7%, so, yeah, just 7% of our revenue is in the UK.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. And then just, since guys are calling out Brazil and oil and gas, any sense of what those exposures are?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. We've talked about them in the past. I think both are well below 5% of total contract value or total revenue. So, they still represent very small exposures for us. Like I said, they were  before they had those macro challenges, were two very fast-growing areas for us. A little bit of an overlap with oil and gas in Brazil, but they had been very fast growing. And as Gene mentioned, they are continuing to grow, just not at the same rate, but they're growing as previously.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Fair enough. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan, Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just regarding elongated sales cycle, I just want to make sure I understand correctly, it's just taking a little bit longer to close the sales, but you are still closing the deals, meaning the pipeline isn't dramatically reduced, it's just that it's taking longer to actually close the sales. Is that correct?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, the most of our clients are doing fine. And our sales cycle has not extended or anything. It's just normal business. There are a few areas, like, I picked on Brazil, but like, Brazil oil and gas, where they're under stress. They're looking at every expense, and it does take a little longer. We do, actually, it's very unusual. Even if it's takes longer, we do get the sale. So, yeah, your question is right. We actually do get the sale, but that's just for the  this piece of our business that's under more distress, which isn't most of our business. And then our pipeline, actually, is way up compared to this time last year. It's way higher than our growth rate. And then, it's purposeful. We purposely have built a very strong pipeline. And so, our pipeline is very, very robust.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then, I think you mentioned sort of adjusting head count in different areas when you are seeing either really strong growth or really weak growth, adjusting it up and down. And so, are you doing that continuously? Do you do it sort of once a quarter? How quickly sort of can you adjust that? And, I guess, if you're adjusting up, maybe it takes a little bit of time for people to get to full productivity, but so, how should we think about that?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, we actually have a team that looks at that. We've a territory planning team that looks at that. And they do this on a continuous basis. And so, we make real-time adjustments to the year. So, it's not like we sort of a plan upfront for the year and then it doesn't change based on what's going on that we actually experience. We actually look at it at an ongoing basis and we have a hiring plan each quarter for how many people we want to hire and we make real-time adjustments based on what we're really seeing.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And just lastly, Events margins actually looked really good this quarter. I know you had the three large events that moved into first quarter. So, I was actually thinking year-over-year margins would be down. Anything to call out in terms of the strength there? Thanks.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Toni. It's, Craig. We continue to grow that business really well. I think the right way to look at it is, look at it on a first half basis to judge the margins, we're actually up 2 points year-over-year on the year-to-date gross margin. And that's because we're driving really nice growth, organic growth into those events. And when we're able to do that, it does flow through at the margin level.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Anj Singh from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Gene, first off, I wanted to touch on your commentary that a larger portion of your client base is having problems versus a few years ago. So, in broad strokes, would you be able to characterize what that proportion looks like today versus a few years ago? And would you characterize the pressure you're seeing being higher on the new sales front, or is it more on the retention end? It seems your new business growth continues to be steady in the quarter despite the tough comp from a year ago. So, just wanted to get a better sense of where the pressure may be. Thanks.
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, in terms of proportion, I'm not going to break it out in terms of 8%, because it's really a spectrum. It's not kind of they're either in trouble or not. My point is, just, if you look at things like oil and gas or Brazil or the major commodity producers, for example, they're under more stress they were in the past. And that's a different selling environment. Yeah, we do well there, but it's just a different selling environment. In terms of new versus renewal, the same thing is true, which is, we have a very large market opportunity. We are making sales in all kinds of industries. We already have sales teams, for example, in Brazil. We want them to sell new business. That new business in Brazil is harder just like renewals are harder. If I looked at some of the industries that are not under such stress like, I'll pick healthcare as the example; you see both new business and retention being easier in those industries. So, it's a matter of  where the industries are challenged and it's tough for new business and tough for renewals. Where it's not as much as it's easier. Again, I want to get back to even in these areas, where I'd characterize it's being tougher, as Craig said, take Brazil, it used to be much higher growth than average in the past. And now it's a bit lower than average. And so that big swing is what's going on. We're still growing there. We still get good retention compared to most of the world, and good do business.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Understood. And then with regards to your SCM acquisition, could you talk about, perhaps, how big your supply chain related businesses today? I realize it's probably tiny and you've spoken to, I think, a $4 billion addressable market there, but hoping you can talk a bit about where you're having success today and where you see the low-hanging fruit on that front.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Anj. Good morning. It's Craig. So, as we've talked about in the past, our supply chain business, which is a great business, it is growing well faster than the average. We think it's a really big market opportunity, and with a combination now of where we had here at Gartner plus the SCM World capabilities and client base, we think it's a really great business on a go-forward basis. We believe that we can continue to grow that business at an accelerated rate. It is as underpenetrated as we are in the overall IT market. I think that over the long-term, because we can continue to grow our IT business, which is the bulk of it, at such a rapid rate, supply chain will continue to be a small piece of the overall portfolio. But clearly, it's a place where we think we can drive really great growth and drive really amazing value for our clients. It's the same business model as our Research business. It has high renewal rates, the same cash flow dynamics, et cetera. So, we're excited about it, but it still represents a small piece of the portfolio.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Got it. And one final one from me, apologize if I'd missed this, but, you guys have had two quarters of strong backlog growth in Consulting. And I realize you guys increased your guidance last quarter. Is there a reason why you didn't tweak at this quarter in your flattish year-over-year outlook for the second half?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. The business continues to perform really well, particularly, on the labor-based side of the business, which is what the backlog supports. What I would say is, the range represents, the relevant range of outcomes as we look at things today, the outlook reflects that. And so, we didn't feel the need to update the guidance based on that. That said, the business continues to perform really, really well. And based on our managing partner investments and based on the backlog, it's really more about the long-term sustainability of the business, and we're investing for that future growth as well.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hi. I was hoping you could help us kind of reconcile some of the metrics around the sales per enterprise. It looks like that number has been moving up pretty consistently, but the number of enterprises that you're adding is kind of decelerating. And, maybe you could just help us understand how you're able to kind of cross-sell into those areas, because it seems it's going actually pretty well and that versus the commentary about the elongated sales cycles.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Joe. Good morning. It's, Craig. So, I think, when we think about our market opportunity, we think about it, it really is in two primary places. One is, obviously, those 100,000 enterprises in our market space that we're currently not doing any business with, and we've made really good progress over the last several years of going from probably 6,000 enterprises to almost or over 10,000 enterprises today. On top of that, when you look at the average contract value per enterprise, even today at a $167,000 per enterprise that is really low penetration. And as we look across our client base, we know that there are opportunities to drive significantly greater penetration within each of those existing enterprises. And we do that in a variety of ways. We have a tier of services. So, we can upgrade clients once we're in there. We find additional users within the clients and buying centers that we're doing business with, and then we find new buying centers as well within the clients. On top of that, our supply chain business and our marketing business allows us to even further penetrate those clients. So, again, when we think about that market opportunity, it is the combination of further penetration of existing enterprises, which we think that is an enormous opportunity, plus all that greenfield opportunity with the enterprises we currently don't do business with.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. But do you feel like that's going to be more difficult in the present environment, given the sales cycle elongation? Or do you expect that trend to continue? Have you see any disruption there?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, I don't see it as being more difficult at all. Again, think about our clients in different segments, which is, we have clients that are doing just great, that are, figuratively speaking, not in Brazil. And it's kind of (52:37) and then we have clients that are, figuratively speaking, in Brazil, which are a little tougher. And so I think you wouldn't want to characterize the sales cycle all over are worse. That's not right. There are specific segments in the global economy that are having trouble. We still are growing them, but just not as rapidly as the others. And so, in terms of continuing to sell more to our existing clients, we're going to do that. We have a lot of that. Typically, it's been two-thirds of our growth actually. It's part of our product strategy. We have products, and we have products for multiple people in an organization. We keep adding more of those products so our salespeople have more to sell, which is why it's typically been two-thirds of our contract value growth.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Got it. And maybe  forgive me if I missed this maybe in the opening remarks, but can you give us some idea of what the impact from currency is? And is there any update for that for given kind of Brexit and some of the recent movements?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, Joe. We talked about our results, and what's happening from a foreign exchange perspective is -- and you probably see this in most global companies, we're starting to lap the major strengthening of the U.S. dollar that we saw from back half of 2014 into the first half of 2015. That's why in the quarter you don't see that much of a difference between our reported results and our FX-neutral results. They're pretty tight. As we look out for the balance of the year, our outlook reflects where exchange rates are as of earlier this week. And as you know, some are going one way and some are going the other way. And so, when we look at where we are with our major exchange rates compared to where we were when we started the year, when we did our initial outlook, and then where we were back in May when we updated our outlook, yeah, the pound is weaker, maybe the yen is a little bit stronger, but at the same time, there are other currencies that are going in both ways. So, the way we look at it right now is we expect back half of the year to look a lot like what we experienced in Q2 from an FX exposure perspective.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. And then a last one for me, and I think just to get away from Brexit for a little bit, sales productivity. Maybe you can just give us an update on your latest thoughts there. And any way we should start thinking about that within an elongated sales cycle over, I guess, the next couple of quarters? Thanks.
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sales productivity is one of our top focus areas. We spend a lot of time and effort on it. The things that we're doing, I think, are getting better all the time. And it falls into three main categories: recruiting, which is making sure we hire people that are the best possible fit for Gartner, where we're really focused on having the right analytics to help us make sure we get the right people in the right process. The second category is in training, where we have, I think, what is one of the best training programs for salespeople in the industry. We continue to improve that training all the time and modify it. It's not static. As an example, one of the things are trained our salespeople on in areas that are a little distressed is how do you deal with those and be very successful in an environment like that, which we know how to do. And then the last one is in tools where we're very focused on productivity enhancing tools for our salesforce. Technology is changing everything. Technology will allow us to access tools to help our salespeople be more productive as well. So, we got investments in all three of those areas focused on improving sales productivity, and we feel really good that those are all, over time, are going to have a great impact on our sales productivity.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And your last question comes from the line of Jeff Silber from BMO. Please proceed.
Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning. It's Henry Chien for Jeff. Just a quick one for me, thanks. Just looking at your Consulting revenues, can you just talk about what's driving some of these quarter-to-quarter shifts? It looks like backlog has been pretty strong over the past few quarters. I'm just wondering what's driving some of the deceleration in 2Q. Thanks.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Henry. Good morning. It's, Craig. I think there's two things going on. So, one is the labor-based business, again, which makes up the bulk of the Consulting revenue, we've seen pretty consistent performance there. And we had strong bookings and strong backlog coming out of Q4. That translated into a strong labor-based revenue quarter in Q1. We also replenished that backlog and entered Q2 with a strong backlog position. I think that led to the strong labor-based growth which I talked about earlier. We were up 10% on our labor-based revenue in Q2 on an FX-neutral basis. I think some of the volatility still comes from the contract optimization business. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, in Q2 we were actually down on a year-over-year basis in contract optimization. In Q1, we were up a little bit. On a year-to-date basis, we're up modestly on that business, but that's the place that consistently causes some of that volatility. I think if you peel the onion back a little bit, you'll see our labor-based business has been performing really nicely and really consistently. And again, that goes back to a lot of the investments we've made around managing partners and a lot of the things that the Consulting leadership team has done to make that business more predictable with people, relationships, et cetera. And so, I think, you're starting to see that  or not starting to. You're seeing that flow through in our results. And again, it gives us confidence around Q3 and Q4 given the backlog position we have entering Q3.
Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your question. So, I'd now like to turn the call over to Gene Hall for closing remarks.
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, I'd like to summarize the key points of today's call. So, first, we're doing great as a company. We see robust demand for our services and our sales pipeline is incredibly strong. We've a huge untapped market opportunity. We attract the best talent in the industry. We continue to invest in improved recruiting capability training tools to drive sales productivity. We continue to invest in innovations in our content, products, hiring, training and tools to drive continuing improvements in our operational effectiveness. We're committed to enhancing shareholder value through investing in our business, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. We're well on track to deliver another year of double-digit growth in contract value, revenue and earnings coupled with strong cash flow conversion. And our long-term outlook remains equally strong. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining and have a very good day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sherief Hassan Bakr - Group Vice President-Investor Relations Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Ryan Leonard - Barclays Capital, Inc. Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs & Co. Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker) Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Lassaline. I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. Without further ado, I would like to turn the call over to the Group Vice President and Head of Investor Relations, Sherief Bakr. Please proceed.
Sherief Hassan Bakr - Group Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Lassaline, and good morning everyone. Welcome to Gartner's first quarter 2016 earnings call. With me today in Stanford is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall and our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. This call would include a discussion of Q1 2016 financial results as disclosed in today's press release as well as our updated outlook for 2016. After our prepared remarks, you will have an opportunity to ask questions. I'd like to remind everyone that the press release is available on our website investor.gartner.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2015 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q as well as other filings with the SEC. I'd encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. With that, I'd like to hand the call over Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. Gene?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Sherief, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on our Q1 2016 earnings call. Starting strong in the first quarter of the year is the best way to have a great full year and we had a great start to 2016. First quarter, we delivered against all of our key metrics including double-digit growth in contract value, revenue, and earnings per share. In addition, we continue to drive strong free cash flow conversion. As many of you know, we do business in more than 90 countries around the world. Because of ongoing currency fluctuations globally, we're going to talk about our results in FX-neutral terms to give a clear understanding of how we're doing. For the first quarter of 2016 total company revenues increased by 21% and EBITDA increased by 31%. These resulted were driven by robust performance in all three of our business segments and demand for our services remained strong. Research is the core of our business and our largest and most profitable segment. Research revenues accelerated to 18% growth in the first quarter, exceeding our expectations. These results were driven by strong contract value growth and contributions from our recent acquisitions. Contract value growth for the first quarter of 2016 was 14%. We achieved double-digit contract value growth in every region, in almost every industry, and across every size company. Client retention was at 84% and wallet retention was 105%, which are near our all-time highs. Our Consulting business enables us to deepen our research relationships with our largest clients. For Q1 2016 our Consulting business had one of the strongest quarters it's ever had with revenue growth of 12%. Backlog which is a leading indicator of future revenue growth for this business segment grew 17% over this time last year. And these results were a result of broad contributions from all consulting practice areas and regions. Our Events business also achieved another strong quarter of double-digit growth in the first quarter of 2016 with revenues up 10% on a same-events basis. We hosted more than 7,600 attendees across 12 events we held in the quarter and advance bookings for events are growing at strong double-digit rates. Our results continue to reflect the tremendous value we deliver to our clients. Technology is critical to every company in the world. Every enterprise is concerned about cyber-security. Every enterprise is worried about technology disruption. And technology is the key to fuel in cost reduction, whether the enterprise is looking to find new growth initiatives or cut costs. Technology is changing everything and the rate of technology-driven change is accelerating. It will never be this slow again. Enterprises know they need help. Gartner is at the heart of technology. Our clients rely on us for making independent objective and fact-based insights when making critical technology decisions. Our services deliver tremendous value at very high ROI, more than paying for themselves. Whether the enterprise is thriving or facing economic challenges Gartner has the insight advice our clients need to achieve success with their mission-critical priorities. As you may have heard me say in the past, Gartner is a people business. We continue to make significant investments in attracting top talents and they're paying off. We often get recognized externally. Here's a couple of examples. Forbes named us one of their Most Innovative Growth Companies for 2015. We were also named one of Fortune Magazine's World's Most Admired Companies for 2016 and there are many more. A few weeks ago, I was with a number of our top-performing sales people. These were sales people from all around the world who had previously worked in other leading technology companies. One manager I spoke with told me, he describes a sales role at Gartner as a destination job. He said Gartner delivers tremendous value to our clients with incredible training, tools, products and services, and the Gartner name gets you access to C-level clients anywhere in the world. You don't come to Gartner on your way to somewhere else, Gartner is the place you're trying to get to. It's not about a job, this is a place we build a career. And I get this feedback from across our sales organization and throughout our business, including Research, Events, Consulting and more. Gartner is a growth company and we continue to invest in the development of our people along with the products and services that add the most value to our clients. I remain excited for continued double-digit growth well into the future. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Craig who will provide more detail on our business results.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. At a high level, Gartner's first quarter performance reflects a continuation of the robust demand for our products and services in what remains a challenging macroeconomic environment for virtually every global business. The combination of the great value we provide to our clients around the world, the investments we are making to capture our vast market opportunity, and our exceptional business model allows us to consistently deliver double-digit revenue and earnings growth as well as exceptional free cash flow generation. Our strong Q1 results and updated full-year guidance underscores our expectation to continue this trend in 2016. On an FX-neutral basis, our year-on-year financial performance for the quarter included contract value growth of 14% and Research revenue growth of 18%, Events revenue growth of 10% on a same-event basis, Consulting revenue growth of 12% with backlog growth of 17%, normalized EBITDA growth of 31%, and diluted EPS excluding acquisition adjustments of $0.61 per share. This compares to $0.37 per share in the first quarter of 2015 and our guidance range of $0.44 to $0.47. Our stronger than expected Q1 EPS results were driven in roughly equal amounts by the combination of improved operational performance and lower expenses below EBITDA such as stock-based compensation and tax. I will come back to this in more detail in a few moments. As I emphasized at our recent Investor Day, our exceptional business model and focus on cash flow creates a consistently high level of free cash flow conversion. On a rolling four quarter basis, our free cash flow conversion was 147% of normalized net income at the end of Q1. I'll now discuss our first quarter business segments performance in depth, provide some comments on balance sheet and cash flow dynamics, and then close with remarks on our guidance for Q2 and our updated outlook for the full-year. We will then be happy to take your questions. Beginning with Research, Research revenue grew at 16% on an as-reported basis and 18% on an FX-neutral basis in the first quarter. Excluding the impact of our newest acquisitions and the foreign exchange, Research revenues were up organically by 14%. The new businesses Capterra and Nubera both performed strongly in Q1. The gross contribution margin for Research was 70% or the same level compared to the first quarter of 2015. All of our other Research business metrics remained very strong. Total contract value was $1.721 billion as of the end of Q1, FX-neutral growth of 14% versus the prior year. As a reminder, we have made a modest adjustment to our calculation of contract value, which we believe provides better transparency and visibility into our performance. For reference and comparison, our Q1 2015 total contract value at current-year FX rates was $1.514 billion, while our Q4 2015 total contract value was $1.697 billion. You can also find this historical information in our Investor Day materials from February. We have provided our historical research contract value measure in our press release and will continue to provide that figure for the balance of 2016, after which we will phase it out. At the end of Q1, that figure was $1.704 billion, also 14% year-over-year growth on an FX-neutral basis. We have a highly diversified business which largely reflects the GDP composition in each country that we do business in. We sell to clients in over 90 countries around the world. We have clients in every vertical, from finance to public sector to healthcare. We have clients that are huge multinationals down to very small businesses. This diversity is a strength, particularly given the challenging macroeconomic conditions all global businesses continue to operate in, as it helps us to mitigate against challenges in any one region, any one industry, or any one size of client. Consistent with this, our growth in contract value continues to be broad-based, with every region, every client size, and virtually every industry segment growing at double-digit rates. We continue to drive CV growth through strong retention rates and consistent growth in new business. As Gene mentioned, client retention was 84%, down slightly from the first quarter of 2015 and flat to the end of 2015; wallet retention ended at 105% for the quarter, down modestly year-on-year but also flat on a sequential basis. Both of our retention figures are close to our historical highs. Wallet retention is higher than client retention due to a combination of increased spending by retained clients and the fact that we retained a higher percentage of our larger clients. As we have discussed in the past, our retention metrics are reported on a four-quarter rolling basis in order to eliminate any seasonality. New business increased 16% year-on-year in Q1. The new business mix is consistent with prior quarters and remains balanced between sales to new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. And as always, we also benefit from our consistent price increases. Our new business growth reflects our success in penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing client enterprises. We ended the first quarter with 10,474 enterprise clients, up 6% compared to Q1 2015. Additionally, the average spend per enterprise continues to grow, reflecting our ability to increase our contract value by driving growth in both new and existing enterprises. Turning to sales productivity. As we have detailed in the past, we calculate sales productivity as the net contract value increase, what we call NCVI, per account executive. We look at it on a rolling four-quarter basis to eliminate seasonality and we use opening sales head count as the period denominator. Over the last 12 months we grew our contract value by $207 million in FX-neutral terms. Using our Q1 2015 ending sales head count of 1,933 as our beginning of period denominator yields NCVI per AE of $107,000 on a rolling four-quarter basis, or a 7.5% decline over the first quarter last year when the comparable figure was $116,000 per account executive at constant currency rates. The year-over-year decline in productivity was driven primarily by the deceleration of CV growth in industries and regions that continue to be most challenged. On a sequential and a standalone quarter basis, sales productivity was essentially flat as underlying improvements to productivity were offset by the tougher overall operating environment. To sum up, we delivered another robust quarter in Research with 14% contract value growth and better than expected performance from our most recent acquisitions. Given this strong performance, we have increased our outlook for the Research business for the full year as I will discuss in a moment. Looking forward, we are confident that the productivity initiatives we have in place and continue to introduce will positively impact contract value growth in 2016, and ultimately Research revenue growth over the longer term. Moving to Events. On a same-events and FX-neutral basis, Events revenues increased 10% year-on-year, consistent with our full-year growth expectations. As noted last quarter, we moved three larger events into Q1 2016 that occurred in Q2 last year. In the quarter, we held 12 events with 7,640 attendees compared to nine events and 4,065 attendees in the first quarter of 2015. Events' Q1 gross contribution margin was 41%, up significantly compared to a lighter year-ago quarter, but approximately flat when compared on a same-events basis. Our outlook for Events remains unchanged. We still expect double-digit revenue growth on a constant currency basis for the full year. Consulting began the year with one of its best-ever quarters. As Gene detailed, this performance was broad-based across regions and practice areas. On an as-reported basis, Consulting revenues increased 11% year-on-year and 12% on an FX-neutral basis, exceeding our own expectations for the quarter. The labor-based business was up 9% versus Q1 of last year at constant currency. We also saw very strong year-on-year growth in Q1 for our contract optimization practice. The underlying operating metrics of our Consulting business also remain strong. On the labor-based side, billable head count of 618 was up 13% from the year-ago quarter and first-quarter annualized revenue per billable head count ended at $386,000, which was flat year-on-year on an FX-neutral basis. Our ongoing investment in managing partners continues to drive demand for our services, and we had 110 managing partners at the end of Q1, a 15% increase over the year-ago quarter. Related to this, backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our Consulting business, ended the quarter at $114 million, up 17% year-on-year on an FX-neutral basis. This represents over four months of forward backlog. Given the strong Q1 performance and the visibility we have into the pipeline we have increased our outlook for the Consulting business for the full year, as I will discuss in a moment. Moving down the income statement. SG&A increased by 12% year-over-year in the first quarter, primarily driven by the growth in our sales force. As of the end of Q1, we had 2,237 direct quota-bearing sales associates, an increase of 304 or 16% from a year ago, consistent with our plans for the year. In the first quarter, SG&A was 250 basis points lower as a percentage of revenues than the year-ago quarter. This was primarily due to better G&A leverage and higher revenues, which more than offset the continued investments in our sales capacity, recruiting, and training capabilities. Moving on to EBITDA and earnings. Normalized EBITDA was $103 million in the first quarter, up 28% year-on-year on a reported basis and up 31% on an FX-neutral basis. This growth can be largely attributed to our strong operating performance. Excluding the shift in events, normalized EBITDA was up approximately 19% in the quarter. In addition, our first quarter earnings benefited from lower than expected stock-based compensation expense which also positively impacts our full year outlook for EPS. Moving down the income statement. Depreciation, amortization and acquisition and integration charges all increased year-over-year reflecting higher capital spending to support our growth as well as the impact of our recent acquisitions. Net interest expense was $6 million in Q1 reflecting our increased borrowing. Our GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 33.4%. This lower Q1 rate was primarily due to favorable Q1 period items as well as the timing of certain tax costs that are expected to be realized in the remainder of the year. We expect our full-year GAAP tax rate to be approximately 36%. Adjusting for acquisition charges, our normalized tax rate for the quarter was approximately 32%, and we expect our full-year normalized tax rate to be approximately 35%. GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.48 in Q1. Our GAAP EPS includes roughly $0.13 worth of acquisition and integration charges. EPS excluding acquisition and integration charges was $0.61 per share in Q1, up 65% versus Q1 of 2015. As mentioned earlier, the largest portion of our EPS over-performance in the quarter was due to stronger operational performance in Research and Consulting; this was complemented by lower equity compensation expense and a lower than expected tax rate in the quarter. Turning now to cash. The first quarter is seasonally the lightest quarter for the year in terms of cash flow given the combination of seasonality in our operations as well as the timing of incentive payments. For Q1, operating cash flow was $9 million compared to $6 million in the year ago quarter. We define free cash flow as operating cash flow less capital expenditures with cash acquisition and integration payments added back. In the first quarter, free cash flow was $13 million compared to $4 million in Q1 2015. This increase was driven by a combination of higher operating cash flow and lower CapEx. Consistent with the negative working capital dynamics that are a key characteristic of our subscription-based business model, we continue to generate free cash flow well in excess of net income on a rolling four-quarter basis. At the end of Q1, this equated to rolling four-quarter free cash flow of $325 million or $3.71 per share on a fully diluted basis. This represents a net income to free cash flow conversion of 147%. Strategic acquisitions and share repurchases continue to be our primary uses of our free cash flow and available capital. Our M&A pipeline remains active, and as I have commented in the past, we continue to look for additional value creating acquisition opportunities. We also believe that repurchasing our shares remains a compelling use of our capital. During the first quarter we repurchased $46 million worth of shares; and as of March 31, we had approximately $1.1 billion available under our share repurchase authorization. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet, cash position and liquidity profile. As of March 31, we had gross debt of $890 million. We have $700 million of interest rate swaps in place which effectively lock in our interest rates through September 2019 on this portion of our debt. Our cash balance, as of March 31, was $404 million with 93% of our cash located outside of the U.S. The combination of our debt and cash positions represents a net debt position of $486 million or about 1.1 times normalized EBITDA. As of March 31, we have an additional $586 million of revolver capacity; that, and our ongoing free cash flow generation, gives us ample liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive shareholder value. Turning now to guidance. Given our stronger than expected Q1 operational performance, we have increased our outlook for 2016. Our updated 2016 guidance is for total revenues of $2.405 billion to $2.465 billion. This is FX-neutral growth of 13% to 15% and an increase of $50 million to both the low end and high end of our previous outlook. Further details of our updated guidance are as follows: Research revenue of $1.795 billion to $1.825 billion, or 15% to 17% FX-neutral growth. We've added $10 million to the low end and high end of the guidance range to reflect the stronger Q1 performance. Consulting revenues of $335 million to $350 million, or 3% to 8% FX-neutral growth. We have also added $5 million to the low end and high end of the range to reflect a better than expected Q1 and outlook for the rest of the year. Events revenues of $275 million to $290 million, or 10% to 16% growth; this guidance is unchanged from last quarter. For normalized EBITDA, we now expect to deliver between $450 million and $480 million, or 11% to 19% growth on an FX-neutral basis. This reflects a $10 million increase to the low end and high end of the range due to our Q1 performance. For GAAP and adjusted EPS calculations, we now expect that cost associated with stock-based compensation expense in 2016 to be approximately $47 million to $48 million compared to our previous expectation of $51 million to $52 million. As a result of the changes I just mentioned, we are also updating our GAAP EPS guidance and now expect $2.27 to $2.49 per share in 2016. This includes $0.40 per share of acquisition related charges. Excluding acquisition and integration charges, our guidance for EPS is now expected to be between $2.67 and $2.89 per share in 2016. This represents FX-neutral growth of approximately 13% to 22%. Please note that our guidance is based on average fully diluted shares outstanding of approximately 82 million shares to 83 million shares for the full-year 2016, in line with our previous guidance. Turning to our cash flow guidance. The headline for cash flow is that we are increasing our free cash flow guidance by $7 million on both the lower and upper ends of our range, which yields free cash flow guidance of $352 million to $377 million. This new free cash flow guidance yields free cash flow per share of $4.27 to $4.57 in 2016. This equates to 15% to 23% growth when compared to the full-year 2015. In terms of the inputs to calculate free cash flow, we now expect full year 2016 operating cash flow of $370 million to $395 million, a $20 million increase from our previous guidance range. This increase is driven by our updated EBITDA outlook and lower expected cash acquisition and integration payments. Our gross capital expenditure outlook continues to be approximately $47 million. As I just mentioned, we now expect lower cash acquisition and integration payments in 2016, a total of $29 million compared to our previous guidance of $42 million. As in prior years, our free cash flow is expected to again be well in excess of our normalized net income in 2016. Specifically, our guidance implies that we will deliver a free cash flow conversion of approximately 150% or greater, in line with our historical range and our previous guidance. For the second quarter of 2016, we expect GAAP EPS of $0.56 to $0.60, including $0.10 per share of acquisition and integration charges. Our Q2 guidance is impacted by the lower number of events that we expect to hold as a consequence of the shift in events that benefited the first quarter. So before taking your questions, let me summarize. Getting off to a great start in 2016, as we demonstrated in Q1, is the best way to ensure we can deliver a strong year of growth. In Q1, we delivered 14% contract value growth. Research revenues exceeded our expectations for the quarter and our Consulting business had a great start to the year. The strong start to the year also allowed us to increase our full-year outlook, which again positions us to deliver another year of double-digit revenue and earnings growth with strong cash flow conversion. We also continue to operate in a difficult global macroeconomic environment, but as you heard from Gene, and as our Q1 results show, we continue to deliver tremendous value to our clients whether they are thriving or are under economic stress. This gives us confidence that we can continue to grow our business in virtually any macroeconomic environment. Demand for our services remains robust and we remain confident that the initiatives we have in place will continue to positively impact our sales force productivity. Furthermore, we continue to invest organically and through value-enhancing initiatives to capture the market opportunity ahead of us while also returning capital to shareholders. Our recent acquisitions and execution of our ongoing share repurchase program is consistent with this. Now, I'll turn the call back over to the operator and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Your first question comes from Tim McHugh with William Blair. Please proceed.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks. I guess I just want to follow up the bookings growth of 16% is a  new business growth is up from high-single-digits the prior two quarters. So even against a tough comparison, I guess, did you  do you feel better about  you had talked on the prior calls about some challenged sectors or, I guess, what would you point to that, that drove  a pickup again in that new business growth rate?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Tim. It's Gene. So first, of course, is our sales capacity. We've continued to expand our sales capacity. And obviously, the more sales we have, the faster we grow. And if you look at the new business growth, it's kind of in line with our  the increase in our sales head count. Now, as you also know, in addition to that, we have other things that are working at improving our new business growth; things like making sure we recruit the best people, things like making sure we give people the best tools to make them productive, and, of course, great training. So that's kind of what's behind the new business growth.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. I guess, maybe just push  on the guidance as well, given the visibility of it, at the end of the kind of calendar year to increase guidance for the Research business kind of one quarter in, I think, is a little unusual. So I guess something there had have trended better than you thought. So I guess what part of bookings or kind of the underlying activity maybe came in better than you would have thought a couple of months ago when you started the year?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Tim. It's Craig. On the raise, it's a $10 million raise on a $1.8 billion number, so a pretty modest increase. That said, two prime things. One is the acquired businesses, as I mentioned, performed better than we had anticipated and we're flowing that benefit through; and then, there's a little bit of a new business upside. Again, most of our subscription-based revenue is locked as you say, but we made a modest adjustment upwards to reflect the strength we had in Q1.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Meuler with Baird. Please proceed.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you. This may be similar to the recruiting tools training that you called out. But when you're talking about improved operational performance, I know it's a continuous improvement game. But, Gene, are there two or three KPIs worth calling out where you especially saw notable improvement relative to a couple quarters ago? And then, can you just remind us when you guys are focused on getting back to margin expansion internally? What's the metric that you're most focused on? Is it adjusted EBITDA margins?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Jeff. It's Gene. So first, again, the thing that drives new business growth is going to be just what you said. It's recruiting, it's training, and it's tools. And as you know, we  every quarter we make improvements in that recruiting training tools. And  so we're seeing the pay out from that kind of work. In terms of margin expansion?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. On the margin side; Jeff, I mean, we're focused obviously on the gross margin and continuing to drive improvements there. But ultimately the measure is our normalized EBITDA margin as you said.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then, I don't think that you guys think it as a negative impact, I think  it may actually have a positive impact, but the question seems to be coming up more with investors, how does the secular shift towards cloud and potentially less internal IT resources impact Gartner? So I was just hoping you could address that in this forum.
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's a great question, Jeff. So the shift to cloud is great for us. Any time our clients are making changes that are important to their business, it obviously drives  they want help figuring out what the right thing to do is. We are the authoritative source globally for figuring these kind of problems out. And our clients are the people that are the CIO, the Head of Security, the Head of Application Development; they're senior level clients. And so even if an organization has fewer, for example, operations people, because they've outsourced some of the data centers to the cloud or whatever, doesn't affect our key client base. And so you have, first, the demand being driven by  the change is good for us, the cloud, because people need help; and, secondly, our clients are not the ones  if there are job changes, our clients are not the ones that are affected, because we sell to the senior level clients.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then just finally, Craig, I think you broke the record for saying U.S. dollar on the last call. Just  if I could verify, is the current guidance using recent spot rates? And is there at all a meaningful change on the guidance as a result of the changes in FX since the last quarter?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. The changes since last quarter are really minimal. The way to think about foreign exchange going forward is, we're beginning to lap the big increases in the U.S. dollar that we experienced last year. And so this quarter, if you looked at it line by line, as we talked about the difference between reported and FX-neutral, it was a 1 point to 3 point impact, whereas last year it was a 6 point to 8 point impact. And so we would expect that to actually close a little bit as we go through the year. That said, our guidance based on recent spot rates is really no different than what we gave as our original guidance at the beginning of the year.
Jeff P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anjaneya Singh with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple on margins. Could you talk about the better G&A leverage you mentioned? Craig, I believe when you first came into the CFO role, you talked about how most of the low-hanging fruit had been picked on that side. Interested to hear what drove the improvement this quarter and whether you've identified other areas of G&A efficiency since you last touched upon that?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Good morning, Anj. Thanks for the question. On the G&A leverage point, I think we've consistently  so your first question around harvesting the low-hanging fruit; yes, we did that over the last several years. That said, all the G&A functions within the company are insanely focused on being more productive and more efficient each and every year. And by virtue of that, even with the growth we have, we are growing those functions at a significantly lower rate than we're growing revenue. And that's where the G&A leverage comes from. And we believe we can continue to drive G&A leverage into the future.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, got it. And I realize it's splitting hairs to some degree, but could you help us parse out the higher Research contribution margin this quarter despite the impact of acquisitions, which I believe you've called out as having a lower margin profile?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Anj. On a year-over-year basis, the Research contribution margins were roughly flat at 70%. The acquired businesses are still small enough that they don't have a significant impact on the margins. And what I'd say is, the margins came in right around where we expected them to come in for the quarter.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Got it. And a last quick one from me, with regards to sales force productivity, last quarter you'd mentioned sort of an adjusted figure, if you could, for the energy and utility sector impact. Could you just give us that metric again? I think you had said it was modestly down even adjusting for that, interested to hear what that was on that same basis? Thank you.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. If we look at the areas that were most challenging that we've talked about over the last two quarters, if you strip those out, productivity is roughly flattish on a rolling four-quarter basis.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed.
Ryan Leonard - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. This is Ryan filling in for Manav. Just to kind of touch on the margin impact of what you're seeing in the slowdown in productivity in some of the challenged areas, you've talked a lot about, how, as productivity ramps, you'll be able to get that margin expansion. You obviously have margin expansion baked in here, but there's some commentary on productivity being difficult in this environment. So just trying to parse out how much of the productivity is kind of baked into the current guidance?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning, Ryan. When we guided for the year, we talked about roughly flat productivity compared to what we delivered in 2015 on an FX-neutral basis. Our Q1 results are essentially that. And so while we're a little down on a year-over-year basis, coming out of Q4 we're roughly flat to what we did last year. And that's obviously the biggest lever or one of the largest levers in terms of margin. But there are obviously other levers that can work in our benefit as well. If you look at the guidance and you extrapolate the EBITDA margins, they're roughly flat to modestly up on a full-year basis, and that's consistent with what we talked about last quarter, our previous guidance, and our current guidance obviously.
Ryan Leonard - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. And just on the hiring side, obviously a little bit of an acceleration in the quarter. We're hearing across our space a lot of comments on the difficulty of hiring in just kind of a full employment picture. I know you guys have talked in the past about some of the tools that you use to identify people who fit with Gartner. But are you seeing any challenges at all in filling the demand for sales people, just given that  especially in the U.S. at least, the employment picture looks so strong?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's a great question. As I mentioned in my little story about some of the sales people I met recently, Gartner really is a very attractive place for any of our associates, particularly in sales. And so when we go to prospective sales people and talk to them about, again, the selling environment, the training that they have, the ability to get access using our brand name, we don't have any trouble recruiting great sales people.
Ryan Leonard - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Fair enough. If I could just dig in one more just on the M&A environment. I know you've consistently said it's pretty broad-based. Are there any interesting new verticals? Or are you seeing conversations with potential targets changing? Are there more willing sellers, anything on that front?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So I'm going to give you our usual answer which is, we track on the order of 100 companies at any one point in time. And when we see targets that look like they have great opportunities for us, we go after them. And obviously I can't talk any more specifically than that.
Ryan Leonard - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Unknown Speaker: Good morning, guys. This is actually Patrick (39:58) in for Toni. You've talked a lot about in the past getting into supply chain and marketing. And I'm wondering if you can give us an update on your progress within those verticals?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Great question. So we  as you know, our largest business is selling to IT professionals, CIOs, Chiefs of Security etcetera. We, a few years ago, entered the supply chain business and we have a business there that sells to the Chief Supply Chain Officers, Heads of Manufacturing, Heads of Distribution, to the analogous functional leaders that are in the supply chain. And we have a research team that does just supply chain research. There is some minor overlap with IT, but it's really about how do you  if you're one of these, either Chief Supply Chain Officer or Head of Manufacturing or Head of Distribution and Logistics, how do you run that as an organization. The whole concept of syndicated research is just as valuable for supply chain leaders as it is for IT leaders. And so that business has been a great business for us. It's growing even faster than our IT business, doing great and has similar economics. Marketing, we entered into market  a similar marketing product, selling again to Chief Marketing Officers and people who are in charge of digital marketing etcetera. And most all organizations these days, even government entities often have people that are in charge of things like digital marketing. And there is the similar kind of change going on in marketing as there is in IT. So we entered that business organically a few years ago. And again, the clients there get just as much value out of syndicated research, they have their own kinds of problems in terms of, like, how do I optimize my search engine marketing, how do I  all that kind of stuff. And so that's another business, again, growing faster than  even faster than our IT business and doing great.
Unknown Speaker: Thanks. And then just kind of a quick modeling question, if I could. I think last quarter you guys were expecting about 63 events for the year. So I'm just wondering, first, is that true; and second, given that a number of the events that were pulled into the first quarter appear to have been a little bit of higher margin, how we should think about kind of margins for the Events business in the second quarter? Thanks.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. So the expectation Patrick (42:10) is still for the same roughly 63 events for the full year. Obviously, as you saw, we did move three large  and the larger events tend to be more profitable event into Q1 out of Q2. And so our expectation around Q2 events is, obviously, without those large events, that were actually nice growers as well, we'll see declining events revenue on a reported basis in Q2. We still expect roughly double-digit growth on a same-events basis. That's obviously going to impact the margins. We don't give specific margin guidance on a quarter-by-quarter basis. But obviously with those three large events not in Q2, we'll have an impact on the Events margins. And quite frankly, the overall company margins for the second quarter.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. It's very helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andre Benjamin with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping to talk a bit about the latest on the revenue contribution of business development through sales of the small businesses; any evolution in how we should be thinking about your strategy and growth trajectory for those businesses that you've put together by acquisition? And now that you've bought a few of them that serve that space, are you thinking about potentially adding more?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, Andre, great question. We have traditionally served a target market of the larger companies, and this universe of more than 100,000 of these companies that you can think about spend at least $10 million a year on IT. That's kind of have been our traditional target market which we serve about 11,000 out of the more than 100,000 there are today. We think there's actually, by the way, considerably more than 100,000. Having said that, small businesses have the same kind of needs for what are the best practices of IT, what are the best products and services for those small businesses to buy, et cetera. And so there are literally tens of millions of those businesses that spend less than $10 million a year in IT. And so we've entered  we weren't really in that space until about two years ago. We've entered that space with the three acquisitions and it's a great market for us, growing nicely and contributes great to the Research business and provides great value to those clients that didn't really have that opportunity before.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then on the Consulting side, you've been pushing growth in a number of partners pretty aggressively, in line with the strategy you laid out a few years ago. Maybe provide a bit more detail on where you've seen the most success with that significant ramp versus greatest challenges? And should we expect you to maintain that pace of double-digit increase in the future years? Or could you maybe slow that now that you're above the hundred you pegged a few years ago?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So as you pointed out, in our Consulting business, building a strong cadre of managing partners is a core part of the strategy for that business. We've been doing it over several years. We've gotten now to where we actually have a critical mass of managing partners. And we're finding that it's working, if anything, better than we even expected, exceeding our expectations, doing great. We not only have  there's two factors there. One is that we have more of them, but also they're individual, I will call it, productivity has exceeded our expectations. And we think that there's room to continue to add managing partners on a go-forward basis at kind of a similar rate to we've done in the past.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Bisbee with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, guys. Good morning. I guess just three really clean up questions. Why did the acquisition integration cash charges go down so much? Is that a difference in the earn-out payments or what created that? Thanks.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Gary. It's Craig. It's a great question. The truth is no change really in the payments that were going out the door. It was actually a balance sheet classification change. And so, in effect, we had funded this year's outflow at time of acquisition. It was still sitting on our balance sheet. And  so the cash had already gone out in effect. And all we've done is reflect the fact that we had actually funded that out of cash flow two years ago when we did the deal and we had mistakenly assumed they would actually flow out of our cash flow balance. So really no change in the economics, no change in the contractual terms, just a balance sheet classification; and the effect was there was no impact on free cash flow. So the reason why we took up  cash flow up in part was because there was no going out from that payment since it has already gone out, and then there was no add-back since it hadn't gone out. So I apologize if that was a circular convoluted complex answer, but that's the best way I can explain it.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So basically you had underrepresented what the true cash flow was when you initially gave the guidance because of that, because of what you just explained?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No. Again, Gary, the free cash flow was unchanged. It was really a balance sheet classification thing.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Right. Okay. All right. Fair enough. And then I want to push back on the FX a little bit. Obviously, you've never disclosed exactly what the bucket is, but you say 90 countries. If I look at the trade weighted dollar, it's moved hard since you last reported and gave the first 2016 guidance. And it would imply just, year-over-year, assuming rate stayed where they are now FX benefits the third quarter, call it, 0.5 point and fourth quarter more than 1 point. And so is there  is it just given the volatility there you're not willing to flow that through? Or is there something going on? Or is your mix very different from the trade weighted dollars?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm not completely familiar with the trade weighted dollar, so I can't really talk to that. All I can tell you is, obviously, we know the mix of our business and we run it through all of our models assuming the foreign exchange rates prevailing at the end of the quarter. But one thing I'd also say is, the initial guidance we gave was actually based on foreign exchange rates at the beginning of February, not the end of December. So there may be a little bit of a dislocation between end of year and when we gave our initial guidance.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Fair enough. And then just a last one, the pace of buybacks has slowed pretty materially over the last three quarters. Is that just because of the acquisitions last summer or is there anything else changing relative to  I guess, on an LTM basis, it's roughly half the $400 million or so a year that you have been targeting. But is that just M&A expense instead of buybacks for a little while or is there something else going on? Thanks.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Gary, the way we think about it, obviously, the amount of buyback on a quarter-by-quarter basis does bounce around and there is not  nor is there by design consistency around the pace of repurchasing. I guess what I tell you is when we look at capital deployment, it's the same story, we continue to have two priorities: strategic acquisitions that drive value for our shareholders, and that followed by share repurchases. Over the last two years, we've deployed over $1.2 billion on the combination of strategic value enhancing acquisitions and return of capital to shareholders through share repurchases. We are still very, very focused on deploying our capital to drive value for shareholders and again it's going to be through that combination of strategic acquisitions and share repurchases.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. That's great. Thank you. I appreciate it guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Thanks. Good morning. So, Craig, this margin performance was really impressive and I'm sorry if I missed this, but can you quantify what portion of the year-to-year improvement is the timing issue versus sort of underlying fundamental improvement in business dynamics?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning, Peter. I think the way to think about the margin expansion on the quarter is, the bulk of it is actually due to the moving of events. So obviously not having them in the quarter last year compared to having those three large profitable events in the quarter this year moves the needle on EBITDA margin. I think the way to think about the business is look at the full-year outlook and look at the assumed EBITDA margins based on the low, mid and high point of our guidance, and that's the way we're thinking about the margin expansion.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Got it. So I think at the midpoint of the range, if I'm doing this right, it looks like about 30 basis points of year-to-year margin improvement, which  I don't know  is that sort of just rounding error or is that fundamental improvement in business dynamics?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So your math is correct. The midpoint is 19.1%. As we've said, Peter, we are very, very focused on continuing to invest to drive growth in the business. We're going to continue to do that. We do expect to drive gross margin leverage over the long term just based on the continued shift in mix to our more profitable Research business. And that's really the prime focus. We're delivering great profitability and great profit growth. But again, we are primarily laser-focused on continuing to invest to drive really super organic growth for the top line.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Okay. Understood. And then last thing, the 16% increase in first quarter sales organization, should we think about that in terms of the pace for the balance of the year? Do you dial that up or down in the context of trying to drive the productivity numbers?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Peter. It's Gene. So we've given you kind of our aspirations to grow our sales head count 15% to 20% a year. We absolutely, as you say, drive it up or down based on what we see in sales productivity. So if we see an area, for example, where we have some operational issues to address whatever  we're not going to  we're going to hold the sales force growth there until we get those operational issues addressed. Conversely, we have places that are doing really well; we'll be accelerating the growth there. So if you look at our sales teams, we have large sales teams that are growing on the order of 25% a year, and then  where things are really doing operationally great. We have other sales teams that are growing low single digits, because we have work to do operationally. And so that's  again, we expect it to be in the range of 15% to 20%, and it's based on what operational impacts we're seeing.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Yeah. Got it. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hi. My first question here is just on the Consulting business. I was wondering, is there any larger projects driving the opportunity there? And anything we should read into the sustainability of a pickup in demand in Consulting?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, it's Gene. So in Consulting the  part of our consulting strategy has been over time  and this has been over a period of years  to drive into larger projects. But it's not like four times larger, or  it's basically to make the projects a little larger each year, the average project size. And we do that because it's a better way to add value to our clients and it helps with our economics as well. So there's nothing this quarter that sort of  there's nothing out of trend with that this quarter, in terms of did we get like three large projects that accounted for it, or something like that. It's actually just part of a steady change over time of getting larger projects. And we said that the projects are still pretty small compared to what you might think about as a consulting organization. In terms of  go ahead.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: No, thought you were going to answer it. I cut you off. Go ahead.
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. Go ahead, Joe, your second question.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Yeah. So I was just wondering, how's the sustainability of the momentum there?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, we have a very clear strategy in the Consulting business, which is to make sure it's an extension of research for those clients that want to have more in-depth help than they get either reading documents or with a half-hour phone call with an analyst. Obviously, it's very valuable to  there's a segment of clients for whom it's very valuable. And so we've been adding  that's part of our strategy. In addition to that, it's having a little larger engagement each year in terms of supporting that strategy, and then having  growing our cadre of managing partners so that we have an ability to have managing partners that can directly work with those clients. All of those things are, I think, bode well for the long-term growth of the business, and it's part of the reason we've seen this uptick in the last couple of quarters in the bookings  the backlog growth as well as the revenue growth.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Got it. Excuse me. And it looked like the Research revenue per enterprise went up, but the client growth might have slowed just a little bit. How do you reconcile, I guess, those two metrics? It looked like it picked up obviously significantly. So I'm just wondering if you can provide a little bit more color on that.
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So  first, one of our strategies is clearly to sell more to our existing clients. As for our growth, we grow through two ways. One is selling new enterprises and the second is selling more to our existing clients. If we sell more to our existing enterprises, then obviously that's going to grow and we've had a very good track record of doing it. We've had a sustained track record of doing that over many years, which continued into Q1. We saw one thing that was a little unusual in Q1 for us, which is we had more of our smaller clients being  significantly more  being a part of mergers and acquisitions in Q1 than we have seen, if you compare it to any, actually any time since we've been reporting this data. And so part of  if you saw the number of enterprises went down, I'm sorry  didn't grow as fast as you might have expected, it is primarily driven by the fact that there was more M&A activity sort of out of trend than we've seen in the past, which  obviously, that drives the number of enterprises' growth rate not as fast.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Got it. And then the last one from me, just on the Events business. I know three got pulled forward and you've talked a little bit about the margins in that business. How should we think about  I think you also gave the aggregate amount of events  but how should we think about the events themselves and how they fall, I guess, in the next three quarters?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Joe. Good morning. It's Craig. The outlook for the business is unchanged from the beginning of the year. We still expect 10% to 16% FX-neutral growth for the full year. Obviously, Q2 will look a little wonky due to the pull-forward of events. But as Gene mentioned in his opening remarks, advance bookings on Q2 and Q3 and Q4 events all look very positive and support this trend. And so, again, this is a great business. It's grown really, really well over the last several years, and we expect it to continue to contribute double-digit growth rates for 2016.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, everyone. So a question for you on sales force productivity. You mentioned it being flat sequentially, which I think is impressive given the growth in the head count. And I was going to ask what needs to happen for us to see that increase again? Is it really a question of timing in terms of cycling against some of the weakness we saw earlier? And then, along those lines, I was going to ask if you've seen any improvement in some of the softer verticals specifically energy given the relative improvement in the oil prices?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So we are very focused on sales productivity. As you've heard me talk about before and as I talked even earlier today about  it's driven by making sure we hire people that have the right fit to sell Gartner's product line, making sure we have  give them great training, and making sure we give them world-class tools. And those  all those aspects are improving; all three of those, we improve every single quarter. And I think on  all other things being equal, they would  in fact, if you look internally, all other things being equal, our sales productivity would grow up. On the other side of that is  as Craig pointed out earlier, the macroeconomic situation in the world isn't that great. And so we're kind of having  if we look at the internal metrics, if all other things being equal, our productivity would have gone up, but there are a lot of places in the world today that are challenging. And that's sort of compensating for that, which is giving us that flat productivity.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then I just had a question about M&A, and historically what's happened when you've had two customers combined? Does it really matter in terms of how they view spending on your product? Do you end up potentially with less or even potentially with more, or does it not factor in at all?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, you hit the nail on the head there, which is what happens  different things happen depending on the circumstances. So if a company is buying another company, because they are buying a new product area they want to invest in, then actually we might end up with an accelerated growth rate from a contract value from that company. By the way the client count would go down, one, the enterprise count will go down, but our CV growth, so it actually happens that our CV growth would go up in that kind of circumstance. Unfortunately, there are other circumstances where one company buys another, they lay off half the people. And in some cases, those half  the people get laid off are our clients, like  I'll give you an example, if one company buys another and they don't hold as a separate unit, they may have just one CIO, and so we used to have two CIOs as clients, now we only have one CIO as a client. And that works for all the other functions as well. So when we have M&A, it definitely puts our number of enterprises client count, our contract value can go up or go down depending on the type of acquisition it is. And we  again, we see a good mix of both of those. It's not kind of like 90% one or the other. There's a good mix of both growth and shrinkage.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And then last question for you on the Consulting business, the utilization has been running in the high 60%s. Is that  should we think about that as the kind of the cap on that going forward or do you think that you can raise that over time and how would you do it?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So we're very happy with the level of utilization we have in Consulting. Having said that, we think we can continue to make operational improvements that will over time drive that up by modest amounts each year. So again, we've got great economics of utilization we have  but again, we think there are modest improvements. There are changes in the business that will give us modest improvement to utilization each year and it has to do with things like  we talked early about deal size, the larger a deal is, the higher your utilization  all other things being equal, the higher utilization. The more we have constant client relationships, which are driven by managing partner strategy, the higher the utilization is in for the same size, average contract size. So those are kind of ideal sort of levers that you get that we think over time will drive modest improvements in our Consulting utilization. Again, we're happy with the utilization today there as well.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you very much for the insight.
Operator: That concludes the Q&A session. I will now turn the call over to Gene Hall for closing remarks.
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, thanks again for joining us today on today's call. And as you heard, we had a very strong Q1 and our updated guidance for 2016 demonstrates that we're very bullish about our ability to continue delivering double-digit earnings growth and strong cash flow conversion over the long term. And we're in an enviable position as an organization. We have more impact on IT end-users and technology providers than any other company in the world: cyber security, disruption, operational efficiencies, technology is affecting every single enterprise. And we provide similar values as we discussed in the call to our clients in supply chain digital marketing. This gives us a vast market opportunity. We have a powerful value proposition of winning strategy. We operate in varying macroeconomic climates around the world and we know how to deliver intrinsic value whether our clients are in distress or they're thriving. We know the right things to do to be successful and we're doing them. As I mentioned at the beginning of the call and as you heard from Craig, having a strong first quarter is the best way to deliver strong performance for the full-year. And with our strong Q1 performance and increased guidance, we're off to a great start and we look forward to updating you on our next earnings call. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sherief Bakr - Group Vice President, Investor Relations Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Ryan C. Leonard - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jeffrey Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Stephen H. Sheldon - William Blair & Co. LLC Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Gartner's Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full-year 2015. A replay of this call will be available through March 8, 2016. The replay can be accessed by dialing 888-286-8010 for domestic calls and 617-801-6888 for international calls, and by entering the pass code 61045168. This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be archived on Gartner's website at www.gartner.com for approximately 90 days. I will now turn the call over to Sherief Bakr, Gartner's Group Vice President of Investor Relations for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir.
Sherief Bakr - Group Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's fourth quarter and full-year 2015 earnings call. With me today in Stanford is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall, and our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. This call will include a discussion of Q4 and full-year 2015 financial results as disclosed in today's press release. We will also discuss our preliminary outlook for 2016. After our prepared remarks, you will have an opportunity to ask questions. I'd like to remind everyone that the press release is available on our website, investor.gartner.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you of certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2014 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. Finally, before I turn the call over to Gene, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be hosting our Annual Investor Day in New York next Thursday, February 11. It'll be a great opportunity to hear from Gene and other senior leaders of the company. For those of you who've yet to register and would like to attend, please send an email to investor.relations@gartner.com and we'd be happy to send you an invitation. With that, I'd like to hand the call over Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, thanks, Sherief. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on our Q4 and full-year earnings call. As you may have seen from our press release earlier today, we continue to perform well in 2015. We delivered against all our key metrics for the year, including double-digit growth in contract value, revenue, and earnings per share. I remain bullish about our business. We're getting better, stronger, faster every year, and our results reflect it. We drove another year of double-digit contract value growth in every geography, across all client sizes, in every industry, except energy and utilities, where we had single-digit growth. Because of ongoing currency fluctuations, I'll review our results in FX-neutral terms, so you have an easier basis for comparison. For the full-year 2015, contract value growth was up 14%. Total company revenues grew 13% and EBITDA was up 13%. This performance was driven by robust quarter-over-quarter results and demand for our services remained strong. Research, the core of our business and our largest and most profitable segment, grew revenues 18% in the fourth quarter 2015 and contract value grew 14%. These results represent 24 quarters of consecutive double-digit contract value growth. Enterprise client-level retention was at 84% and enterprise-level wallet retention was at 105%, both down a point from Q4 2014. Our Consulting business represents opportunity for us to deepen our Research relationships with our largest clients. Our Consulting business revenue increased 5% in Q4 2015. We also grew backlog 19% in Q4, representing our biggest backlog ever. One of the core strategies in Consulting is to increase the number of managing partners, and we ended the year with 109 managing partners, up 18% over last year. Our Events business drove another quarter of double-digit growth in Q4, with revenues up 17%. We hosted more than 24,000 attendees across 15 events in the quarter, including our flagship conference series, Symposium/ITxpo. Finally, our supply chain and digital marketing business has continued to grow significantly faster than our average. These results reflect the tremendous value we deliver to our clients and all of this occurred against a challenging economic backdrop. Current estimates predict revenues and earnings for the top 500 companies in the U.S. declined during 2015. Many major economic countries and regions around the world experienced slowing economic growth or outright declines. Our clients in the oil and gas industry suffered from a 60% decline in oil prices, which also impacted entire countries and regions. Unemployment rates in many European countries remained high, and virtually all currencies continued to weaken relative to the U.S. dollar. In this environment, we achieved double-digit contract value growth, and once again delivered on our key metrics for the year. Whether enterprises or leveraging technology to disrupt entire industries or being disrupted by technology, or leveraging technology to drive operational efficiencies, technology remains a key component of their solutions. This makes technology a necessity for virtually every enterprise. Gartner is at the heart of technology. Our clients rely on us for independent, objective and fact-based insights when making critical technology decisions. For most of our clients, we represent substantially less than 1% of their IT budgets, while delivering tremendous value and a very high return on their investment. In addition, our business is highly diversified by industry, geography and size of client. That's why despite the economic disruptions I just mentioned, we achieved double-digit growth in every geography, across all client sizes, in every industry, except energy and utilities where we had single-digit growth. Because Gartner is a people business, we continue to make significant investments in our talent. In 2015, we added more depth to our global analyst community. We invested in recruiting and in training. We continue to improve our customer service processes. In addition to our core IT businesses, we continue to accelerate our growth in supply chain and digital marketing, and we augmented our offerings in the small business space with two strategic acquisitions, Nubera and Capterra. Finally, for the full year we repurchased more than $0.5 billion of our shares. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Craig, who'll provide more detail on our business results.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. 2015 was yet another strong year for Gartner. We delivered on our financial goals, while continuing to make significant investments to support our key strategic objectives and drive long-term value for our shareholders. We continue to see robust demand for our services across the globe, and the midpoint of our 2016 outlook, which I will discuss in a moment, is consistent with our focus on delivering consistent double-digit revenue and earnings growth, strong free cash flow generation, as well as maintaining a healthy balance sheet and liquidity profile. During the fourth quarter, we delivered double-digit constant-currency growth in contract value, revenue, and earnings. Our exceptional business model and focus on cash flow created a consistently high level of free cash flow conversion, with a rolling four-quarter free cash flow conversion of 156% of normalized net income. On an FX-neutral basis, our year-over-year financial performance for the quarter included contract value growth of 14% and Research revenue growth of 18%, Events revenue growth of 15% on a same-event basis, Consulting revenue growth of 5% with backlog growth of 19%, and normalized EBITDA growth of 19%. As Gene mentioned, the demand for our services remain strong across all of our business segments. We are continuing to execute on our strategy to capture the market opportunity ahead of us, winning new enterprise accounts and extending our penetration within existing clients. We delivered these results despite some of the specific challenges that Gene just discussed. As we all know, the energy sector is extremely challenging globally and our business selling to clients in this sector impacted our contract value growth and sales force productivity. I will come back to this later in my remarks. Before taking your questions, I will discuss our fourth quarter business segment performance in depth; provide some comments on balance sheet and cash flow dynamics, before closing with remarks on our 2016 guidance. Beginning with Research; Research revenue grew at 13% on an as-reported basis and 18% on an FX-neutral basis in the fourth quarter. Our newest acquisitions had a roughly 4 point positive impact on Research revenue growth for the quarter. The gross contribution margin for Research was 68%, a 90 basis point decline compared to the fourth quarter of 2014. On a full-year basis, the gross contribution margin for Research was 69% in 2015, flat when compared to the full-year 2014. For both Q4 and the full year, our newly acquired businesses had a slightly negative impact on the gross contribution margin in Research. All of our other Research business metrics remained very strong. Contract value grew to $1.761 billion, a growth rate of 14% on an FX-neutral basis. As Gene previously mentioned, our growth in contract value was broad based, with every region, every client size, and every industry segment with the exception of energy and utilities, growing at double-digit rates. The energy and utilities sector actually grew for us in 2015; however, the growth rate in that sector slowed when compared to the performance from 2014. As we've discussed in the past, our business is highly diversified with our contract value mix roughly reflecting the GDP in each country that we do business in. For Gartner, the energy and utilities sector represents less than 5% of our contract value. From a regional perspective, it is worth noting that although contract value grew at double-digit rates across all major regions, our contract value growth continued to be impacted by a few countries where growth has slowed, for example, Brazil. We have a few markets where the macroeconomic and/or local currency situation is extremely challenging for many of our clients. Despite these macro challenges, we delivered 14% global CV growth. We continue to drive CV growth through strong retention rates and consistent growth in new business. Client retention was 84%, down slightly from the fourth quarter 2014. Wallet retention ended at 105% for the quarter, also down slightly, but once again impacted by the macro challenges I just mentioned. Wallet retention is higher than client retention due to a combination of increased spending by retained clients and the fact that we retain a higher percentage of our larger clients. As we have discussed in the past, our retention metrics are reported on a rolling four-quarter basis in order to eliminate any seasonality. New business increased 9% year-over-year in Q4. The new business mix is consistent with prior quarters and remains balanced between sales to new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. Our contract value growth also benefits from our discipline of annual price increases and no discounting. We have increased our prices every year since 2005, and as mentioned last quarter, we implemented a price increase on October 1 that averaged just north of 3%. Our new business growth reflects our success in penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing client enterprises. We ended the fourth quarter with 10,796 enterprise clients, up 8% compared to Q4 2014, and the average spend per enterprise continues to grow on an FX-neutral basis, again reflecting our ability to increase our contract value by driving growth in both new and existing enterprises. Turning to sales productivity; as we have detailed in the past, we calculate sales productivity as the net contract value increase, what we call NCVI per account executive. We look at it on a rolling four-quarter basis to eliminate seasonality and we use opening sales head count as the period denominator. Over the last 12 months, we grew our contract value by $211 million in FX-neutral terms. Using our Q4 2014 ending sales head count of 1,881 as our beginning of period denominator, yields NCVI per AE of $112,000 on a rolling four-quarter basis or a 5% decline over fourth quarter last year when the comparable figure was $118,000 per account executive at constant currency rates. The modest year-over-year decline in productivity was driven primarily by the deceleration in the energy and utilities sector and a small number of markets, many that have energy as a large portion of their economy. To sum up, we delivered another strong quarter in Research. Despite challenges in the energy and utilities sector as well as a tougher overall operating environment, we delivered contract value growth of 14% with retention rates near historical highs. Although we saw a slight decline in productivity in Q4, we are confident that the productivity initiatives we have in place and have recently introduced will positively impact contract value growth in 2016 and ultimately Research revenue growth over the longer term. Moving to Events; our Events segment had a great Q4 to end a great 2015. On an FX-neutral basis, Events revenues increased 17% year-over-year in the quarter. We held two more events in Q4 than the same quarter last year. As I noted earlier, on a same-events basis revenues were up 15% year-over-year. During the quarter, we held 15 events with 24,208 attendees compared to 13 events with 23,453 attendees in the fourth quarter of 2014. During the quarter, we held most of our Symposium events. Gartner Symposium is our flagship conference series, specifically designed for CIOs and senior IT leaders. Symposium revenue growth was in line with our total Events revenue growth for the quarter. Events' Q4 gross contribution margin was 57%, up a point compared to the year-ago quarter. On a full-year basis, Events revenue increased by 18% in 2015 with 65 events versus 61 events in 2014, and its gross contribution margin increased by 250 basis points to 52%. Turning to Consulting; on an as-reported basis, Consulting revenues were approximately flat year-on-year, but increased by 5% on an FX-neutral basis. The labor-based business was up 2% versus Q4 of last year at constant currency. We also saw a strong year-on-year growth in Q4 for our contract optimization practice. As we've discussed in the past, our contract optimization practice has a higher degree of variability than the other parts of our Consulting business. This can significantly impact the results of this segment, either positively or negatively. Our ongoing investment in managing partners is driving demands for our services. We now have 109 managing partners, an 18% increase over fourth quarter 2014. The underlying operating metrics of our Consulting business also remain strong. On the labor-based side, billable head count of 606 was up 13% from the year-ago quarter, and fourth quarter annualized revenue per billable head count ended at $389,000. The decline in revenue per billable head was driven by a combination of FX, lower utilization and a richer mix of more junior consultants who bill at lower rates. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our Consulting business ended the quarter at $118 million, up 19% over this time last year on an FX-neutral basis. This equates to the highest ever backlog in our Consulting business and represents over four months of (17:02) backlog, a great way to enter 2016. When combined with the visibility we have into the pipeline, we believe the Consulting business is well positioned to meet our targets for this year. Moving down the income statement; SG&A increased by $20 million year-over-year in the fourth quarter, primarily driven by the growth in our sales force. As of the end of 2015, we had 2,171 direct quota-bearing sales associates, an increase of 290 or 15% from a year ago, and consistent with our previous guidance. In the fourth quarter, SG&A was 70 basis points lower as a percentage of revenues than the year-ago quarter, primarily due to better G&A leverage, which more than offset the continued investments in our sales capacity, recruiting and training capabilities. Moving on to EBITDA and earnings; we delivered another solid quarter of earnings growth. Normalized EBITDA was $137 million in the fourth quarter, up 13% year-over-year on a reported basis, and up 19% on an FX-neutral basis. For the full year, normalized EBITDA was $408 million, representing 5% growth for 2015, or 13% increase on an FX-neutral basis. Moving down the income statement; depreciation, amortization, and acquisition and integration charges were all up year-over-year in the fourth quarter, reflecting higher capital spending to support our growth, as well as the impact of our recent acquisitions. Interest expense was $6 million in Q4, reflecting our increased borrowing, which I will cover in more detail in a few moments. Our tax rate for the quarter was 32% and our tax rate for the full year was 35.5%. The tax rate was lower than projected for the quarter and year for two primary reasons. First, in December, the U.S. government enacted the PATH Act, which included the retroactive extension of several favorable tax provisions. Second, our mix of earnings was more favorable than we had originally forecasted, with a modestly higher proportion of our pre-tax earnings in lower tax jurisdictions. Adjusting for acquisition charges, our normalized tax rate for the full-year 2015 was 34.8%. GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.78 in the fourth quarter 2015. Our GAAP EPS includes roughly $0.14 worth of acquisition and integration charges. EPS, excluding acquisition and integration charges, was $0.92 per share in Q4, up 28% versus Q4 of 2014. For the full-year 2015, our fully diluted GAAP EPS was $2.06. GAAP EPS includes $0.33 of acquisition and integration charges. EPS, excluding acquisition and integration charges, was $2.39 per share for the full year, an increase of 7% on a reported basis and approximately 12% on an FX-neutral basis. Turning now to cash; for the full-year 2015, operating cash flow of $346 million was essentially flat compared to full-year 2014. This was driven by the adverse impact of the stronger U.S. dollar, higher acquisition-related incentive payments, and higher cash taxes, which offset higher year-on-year EBITDA and cash inflows from working capital. On an FX-neutral basis, operating cash flow increased by approximately 7% in 2015. Consistent with the negative working capital dynamics that are a key characteristic of our subscription-based business model, we generated free cash flow well in excess of net income in 2015. We define free cash flow as operating cash flow, less capital expenditures, with cash acquisition and integration payments added back. This equated to $316 million in 2015 or $3.72 per share on a fully-diluted basis. When compared to our 2015 EPS, excluding acquisition and integration charges of $2.39, this represents a net income to free cash flow conversion of 156%, consistent with our free cash flow conversion of 153% from 2014. Share repurchases and strategic acquisitions continue to be our primary uses of our free cash flow and available capital. During 2015, we took significant steps to deliver value to our shareholders, utilizing more than $700 million of cash on share repurchases and strategic acquisitions. First on share repurchases, in 2015, we repurchased $509 million worth of shares, including $56 million in the fourth quarter and repurchased an aggregate of 6.2 million shares for the year. Second, on acquisitions, which totaled $196 million in 2015; the addition of Capterra and Nubera fit squarely within our strategy, allowing us to meet the different needs of smaller-sized enterprises with different business models. Both assets have attractive economics and accelerate our ability to capture the market opportunity ahead of us. We ended the year with a strong balance sheet and cash position, including the acquisitions and share repurchases I just mentioned. As of December 31, we had gross debt of $825 million. We have $700 million of interest rate swaps in place, which effectively lock in our interest rates through September 19 on this portion of our debt. Our cash balance as of December 31 was $373 million, with 94% of our cash located outside of the U.S. The combination of our debt and cash positions represents a net debt position of $452 million, or about 1.1 times normalized EBITDA. Our current credit facility runs through 2019, that and our ongoing free cash flow generation gives us ample liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive shareholder value. As of December 31, we had an additional $656 million of revolver capacity. We continue to look for other value-creating acquisition opportunities as a potential use of cash. We also believe that repurchasing our shares remains a compelling use of our capital. As of December 31, we had $1.13 billion available under our share repurchase authorization. Turning now to guidance; as always, we'll be providing you with guidance for revenue at a total company and segment level, normalized EBITDA, free cash flow, and EPS. Our EPS guidance is on both a GAAP and adjusted basis, with the latter excluding acquisition and integration charges. We'll also provide you with insight into the larger line items below EBITDA that get us to our EPS guidance range. The mid points of our guidance are consistent with our performance over the last several years, as we are again predicting double-digit growth to revenues, EBITDA, EPS, and free cash flow on an FX-neutral basis. Our 2016 plan also includes investments that support our key strategic objectives and drive long-term value for our shareholders. The details of our 2016 outlook are also included in today's press release, but to summarize, our base-level assumptions for our guidance are as follows. Our sales force grows approximately 15%, sales productivity remains roughly flat from 2015 levels on an FX-neutral basis, and we have used foreign exchange rates from this week in setting our guidance and outlook for the year. As is our practice, we will provide updates on our quarterly earnings calls should there be any changes to any of these assumptions. For 2016, we are expecting total revenues of $2.39 billion to $2.45 billion, or 12% to 15% growth on an FX-neutral basis. A little less than 2 points of that growth can be attributed to the impact and timing of our recent acquisitions. Turning to our three business segments; first, revenues for the Research segment are expected to be $1.785 billion to $1.815 billion in 2016, FX-neutral growth of 14% to 16%. Again, continuing our trend of mid-teens growth for our largest, most profitable and more cash-generative segment. Second, we expect Consulting revenues of $330 million to $345 million, or 2% to 7% FX-neutral growth compared to 2015. And third, we expect to deliver Events revenues of $275 million to $290 million, 10% to 16% growth on an FX-neutral basis. This continues our five-year trend of high growth for this segment. We currently expect to hold approximately 63 events in 2016. We expect normalized EBITDA for the full-year 2016 to be between $440 million and $470 million, or 9% to 17% growth over 2015 on an FX-neutral basis. Below EBITDA, we expect the costs associated with stock-based compensation expense in 2016 to be approximately $51 million to $52 million. Total depreciation expense should be approximately $38 million, and we expect amortization to be around $24 million. We expect acquisition and integration charges of $22 million and interest expense between $27 million and $28 million. We are projecting an annual effective tax rate for GAAP of approximately 36% and approximately 35% for earnings, excluding acquisition and integration charges. Please note that our tax rate may vary from quarter-to-quarter due to the geographic mix of earnings, as well as the timing of certain items. Our GAAP EPS guidance for 2016 is to be between $2.15 and $2.37 per share. This includes $0.40 per share of acquisition-related charges. Excluding acquisition and integration charges, our guidance for EPS is to be between $2.55 per share and $2.77 per share in 2016. This represents FX-neutral growth of approximately 8% to 18% compared to full-year 2015, or approximately 13% at the midpoint of our guidance range. Please note that our guidance is based on average fully diluted shares outstanding of approximately 82 million to 83 million shares for the full-year 2016. In 2016, we expect cash from operations of $350 million to $375 million, gross capital expenditures of approximately $47 million, and cash acquisition and integration payments of $42 million. This yields a free cash flow range of $345 million to $370 million, or free cash flow per share of $4.18 to $4.48 in 2016. This equates to 12% to 20% growth when compared to full-year 2015. As in prior years, our free cash flow is expected to again be well in excess of our normalized net income in 2016. Specifically, our guidance implies that we will deliver free cash flow conversion of 150% or greater, in line with our historical range. Now I'd like to provide some additional information to allow for an understanding of the seasonality and other factors that will impact our revenue and earnings on a quarterly basis. The first quarter of 2016 has a number of larger events that we are moving in from Q2. This is a significant change to our phasing from 2015 and results in more revenue and earnings in Q1 than we have historically delivered, and less in Q2. As a result, we expect GAAP EPS to be between $0.32 and $0.35 per share in the first quarter of 2016. We expect approximately $0.12 per share of acquisition and integration charges in Q1. Q1 and Q3 still represent our smaller quarters for the year due to seasonality. As in years past, the fourth quarter is expected to be our largest, with more than 50% of the full-year Events revenue occurring in Q4. Finally, I'd like to spend a moment on the impact of foreign exchange as it relates to our reported contract value. As we have communicated to you in the past, Research contract value is reported on an FX-neutral basis throughout each year. We do this so you can understand the true organic growth in our Research segment. In early January of each year, we restate the opening contract value at current foreign-exchange rates. As a result of changes in FX rates since January of 2015, contract value at January 1, 2016 is approximately $71 million lower than the $1.761 billion reported on December 31. As a result, $1.690 billion is the baseline figure you should use for comparison purposes when judging contract value growth in 2016 on an FX-neutral basis. So before taking your questions let me summarize. We delivered another very strong quarter in Q4, capping off another strong year. Demand for our services is robust and we continue to provide value to our clients, regardless of the economic environment. In 2015, we delivered 14% contract value growth and we grew the number of enterprises we serve by 8% in 2015 to almost 11,000 enterprises. Looking ahead, we are in a very strong position as a company, and we continue to invest to capture the market opportunity ahead of us. We have almost 2,200 sales people and our new hires are of the highest quality they've ever been. Our initiatives to improve operational effectiveness, coupled with a positive operating leverage in working capital dynamics inherent in our business model, delivered solid earnings and cash flow growth for the full-year 2015. And we continue to expect to achieve high free cash flow conversion consistent with our historical range of approximately 1.5 times our normalized net income. Going forward, we will continue to invest in our business organically and through acquisitions, and return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program. Finally, our strong close to 2015 positions us well to continue to deliver double-digit growth in revenue, earnings and cash flow into the future. The midpoints of our 2016 guidance reflect those continued trends. Now I'll turn the call back over to the operator and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik of Barclays. Please proceed.
Ryan C. Leonard - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. This is Ryan filling in for Manav. Just wondering if you could kind of flesh out some of the commentary on the energy markets and how that's affecting productivity? Just to give us a sense of  I don't think that's getting any better. So just your assumption of flat productivity next year with that commentary on the headwinds you saw in the fourth quarter?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Ryan. This is Gene. So, the energy sector for us, energy and utilities, first is a small portion of our business. As Craig mentioned, it's less than 5% of our overall business. In that sector, despite  oil prices went from like $100 a barrel to $30 a barrel, so it's a pretty tough environment there. In that environment, we, as I mentioned in my comments, still had single-digit growth. In many of the countries that are in the oil segment, like Brazil, our growth decelerated, but again in Brazil we had double-digit growth. And so, we're aware of what's going on in the industry and technology is important in oil and gas, in every industry in the world. Even when they have cost problems, often  in fact, almost always technology's part of the solution, not the problem. So the reason we're able to grow even in very tough environments like that is because technology helps them actually achieve their cost objectives, as well as other parts of their business like looking at how to grow with their clients as well. And so, we're pretty confident that even in tough economic situations with our individual clients or in countries that when we focus on the right issues, which is helping them save costs or helping them grow their revenues, we'll have great growth there.
Ryan C. Leonard - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks. And I guess what I was trying to get at is if productivity is assumed to be flat in the guidance and there were some headwinds, just is there a risk to that if energy continues to persist like that? So just more on the  how should we think of productivity being impacted by these energy and utility headwinds?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So we've assumed  as Craig mentioned, we've assumed productivity is flat going forward at the rate that we achieved last year. We have a lot of programs to improve productivity. So we're not sort of happy with flat productivity. We've assumed that in the plan because we want to assume what we've actually achieved. We've got improved recruiting. We've got improved training. We've got improved tools for our sales force that we introduced sort of  that we developed last year and are coming into fruition this year. And all those leading indicators say that our sales productivity should go up. So, for example, if you look at leading indicators of the people we recruited throughout 2015, that class of new recruits, their leading indicators are that they're going to have better sales productivity than the ones in the previous couple of classes. Similarly, our training, we continue to enhance. And we've got some really innovative tools we think have potential to increase sales productivity a lot. We haven't baked that in because we want to actually see it happen. And so, we actually are looking for sales productivity  we're aiming for and working hard to get sales productivity to grow during 2016.
Ryan C. Leonard - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Thanks. And just on the M&A commentary, is there anything particularly industry-wise, geography, that you're focused on? Obviously the small and medium-sized markets were kind of a focus this year. Is that something we should expect to continue or is there anywhere else you're looking?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: We track approximately 100 or a few more companies at any given point in time. So there's all different kinds of situations. So I can't really characterize it as being one kind of particular area that we're looking at.
Ryan C. Leonard - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler of Baird. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. Thank you. Another one on productivity and I recognize it doesn't impact this year's financial results all that much. But it was down in Q4 and this may be parsing it a bit too thin looking at one word, but I think you said primarily due to energy utilities and other markets. Are there offsetting factors that are offsetting some of these programs and initiatives that you have in place? Because it sounds like it was down in Q4, you're assuming flat in 2016, and I know you have initiatives, but just you did insert the word primarily, so I'm guessing it's flat to down even outside of energy, utilities and other markets. If you could just help us reconcile that?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. Sure, Jeff. Hey, it's Craig. Good morning. So, the comment was really around the impact from energy and utilities, and then some selective markets, most of which are very reliant on the energy and utility sector. That said, as Gene just alluded to in the answer to the last question, we have been very focused on improving sales productivity and we see great signs and we have great examples of large complements or large teams where we've seen significant improvements in productivity on a year-over-year basis. That was muted by some of these macroeconomics challenges that we are seeing. But as Gene said, we remain very confident that we're doing all the right things from a recruiting perspective, from a training perspective, and from a tools perspective that will continue to improve productivity into the future.
Jeffrey Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then just a comment maybe on how you're managing sales force head count growth. There is a pretty big spread between constant currency revenue growth in Consulting  or I'm sorry, Consulting head count growth and that's despite I think a good contract optimization quarter. I know that you said there's more lower bill rate junior consultants, but still a fairly sizeable spread. So how should we think about how you're planning to manage Consulting head count growth in 2016?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. It's a great question, Jeff. A big portion of that growth is actually the investment in management partners. So that's been a strategic priority for us and the business is starting to bear the fruit of those investments. And that's really reflected in that really strong backlog position we see as we're headed into 2016. We've been adding the bottom of the pyramid, if you will, from a  more junior consultants to actually fulfill all that backlog. And as always, we'll manage and match our backlog growth, our revenue growth, and our head count growth so that we ensure we deliver to roughly our target margins in that segment.
Jeffrey Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anjaneya Singh of Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to ask on oil and gas, I guess first off. Could you characterize what your exposure is to oil and gas clients? I realize you've got some country exposure there also, so it might not be cut and dry, but if you could help us with that? And then if you could just perhaps also just talk about what is actually happening there? Is it the larger end of the spectrum of clients that's cutting back? Is it the smaller end? Are they cutting the number of seats? Cancelling subscriptions? And what are the price increases I guess that you're able to put in for the O&G clients that you are retaining?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Anj. It's Craig. So, we wrap up oil and gas in our energy and utility sector. That's the way we characterize it here internally. And as we mentioned earlier, it's less than 5% of our total CV, specifically companies in that sector. And then Gene will take the second part of your question.
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Here's what's going on at kind of an operational level, which is companies in distress in the oil and gas sectors displayed today with the big bowl in prices, they're having budgets that are smaller. So instead of budgets that were growing last year, they're saying, okay, our exploration budget is lower, our HR budget is lower, our IT budget may be lower. And so, of course, they're looking to say, okay, how do we save money? And so your question comes up sort of where does Gartner fit in this? We are a teeny portion of the cost for these companies. To give you a flavor, for a large oil company, we typically be less than two-tenths of a percent of their IT spending for  if they were a great client of ours, if they were a big client. And so they're not going to save any money by cutting Gartner services. On the other hand, we are very good at helping our clients to, first, save money within their IT organization and, secondly, to actually use IT to save money more broadly in the entire company through things like automation. And so the value proposition we have to companies in distress is, you can't make your budget, cutting our two-tenths of a percent or less is not going to help you at all. But we can help you cut 10% or 20% of your IT budget and more importantly, we can help you use IT in the rest of the organization to save cost through automation. At any given point in time in the world, something  some substantial portion of our clients, like 30%, have budget problems. They're going through bankruptcy. They have problems. So this is something we deal with every day. It's not just in the last year. So we're actually very good at dealing with this problem. And it does affect us. It's a harder selling environment, which is why our growth slowed to single digit instead of double digit in the energy and utilities. But we thrive in that kind of environment. Again, I just want to highlight an example I gave earlier where Brazil is a country where it's very dependent upon oil. The economy is not doing that great there. And we slowed  our growth slowed from higher double-digit growth to lower double-digit growth even in that kind of environment. And it's because of the things I just talked about, which is that we can help clients tremendously and have a great return on investment when they're financially distressed. We just have to make sure they understand we can help them actually in managing their costs. It's not  we're not  we're a big part of their solution to their problems and we don't cost very much.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. That's helpful. Appreciate the color there. And then I guess on the acquisitions in 2015, would you call out any difference in their outlook in this type of choppy environment versus your core businesses levered to larger enterprises? It seems that they added a little bit more to the growth profile than you were originally anticipating for Q4, but then your outlook is for only 2% in 2016, so if you could just help us parse those.
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So let me get the first part of that, which is so we bought these companies last year. They are performing at or above our expectations so far, and as we look forward to 2016, we're quite optimistic that they're going to perform at or above our expectations. And Craig, I'll let you...
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. On the 2016 piece, Anj, it's hard to piece together from probably your perspective around looking at the growth rates on the difference pieces of the business. We expect those businesses to grow nicely into 2016. They still represent a teeny, teeny, teeny, teeny portion of the overall Research revenue and the total Gartner revenue, but we do expect them to continue to grow.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Just wanted to ask about the Research contribution margins; they're a little bit lower than what we were modeling and so you mentioned that these were impacted by acquisitions, but just wanted to find out if there was anything else to call out there and if you could sort of size how much acquisitions impacted those Research margins. Thanks.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure, Toni. Good morning. Q4 is typically our lowest contribution margin quarter for Research. If you look back historically, it's typically always the lowest quarter we have because of a lot of travel and other things related to Symposium season. That said, there were two primary impacts of the gross contribution margin decline on a year-over-year basis. One, modest impact from the acquisitions. They run at modestly lower gross margins. Net margins are good overall, but the gross margins are a little bit lower. And then the second thing, there was an impact  and we saw this across the full year, but impacted us in Q4 as well, a little bit from foreign exchange as well. And so, while we are nicely naturally hedged, it isn't always perfect when you get down to Research  revenue Research, expense, et cetera. So if you look at, we were down 90 bps. I think about half was FX. A little bit, probably about a third was due to the acquisitions and a third due to some other stuff.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then just in the Events business, really strong guidance there. So, just wanted to see if you could help us understand a little bit of the growth drivers better. I know historically you've talked about adding about five events or so a year and then have annual price increases. Is there anything else in terms of specific initiatives that you're working on to increase revenue per attendee or anything else that we should be thinking about?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, I'll take the first part of that, Toni, which is the  our Events growth is fundamentally driven by the fact that  the stuff I talked about before, which is every company is facing opportunities to use technology and is trying to figure out how best to use technology. And so, their senior technology leaders come to our events to help do that. And it could be they're figuring out how to be disrupters, figuring how to deal with disrupters if you're the disruptee or how to use it in their business to drive revenue or cut costs. And so that's fundamentally what's driving it. We have lots of capacity at our existing events. And so, we do add events on a regular basis. But we have lots of capacity at our existing events to keep growing attendees at those events. In addition, as you point out, we have price, I'll let Craig talk about that.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. We because of all the dynamics that Gene just described, that does give us a significantly amount of pricing power in our Events business. And as we shift the mix in terms of getting the right people to the right event, so CIOs and senior IT leaders to Symposium, heads of BI to the BI event, et cetera, as we do a better job of targeting people and getting them to the right events, we're actually able to exercise even greater pricing power. And so, the fact that we do have capacity, the fact that we have a great value and a great product for our attendees and the fact that we do have pricing power, allows us to have confidence around continuing to grow that business at double-digit rates.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee of RBC Capital Management. Please proceed.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. First question, the new business growth or bookings, I think it was sub 10% for the second quarter in a row and a sharp slowdown from the first half. I guess if that continues at that level that would likely point to further deceleration in contract value. But I know you haven't given that metric consistently till the second half of last year. So is part of this that just comps got more difficult or how do we think about that trending from here and what that might mean for CV going forward? Thanks.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Gary. How are you? So the CV growth is determined primarily by two things. The amount we retain, and the amount of new business we put on top of that. I think your characterization of the tougher compare, particularly in Q4, is accurate. We had an amazingly strong Q4 of 2014, which fueled us and gave us great incremental Research revenue growth as we headed into 2015. We had a strong Q4, as Gene mentioned, as we went through in our remarks. New business was a little bit lighter than we expected. Again, impacted also by some of the macro challenges that we described. So, as Gene mentioned, energy and utility was a double-digit grower for us and now it's dropped down to single-digit. Brazil was a strong double-digit grower for us, dropped down to modest double-digit growth. All those things also had an impact on new business growth. But again, we remain confident that we can continue to grow our new business growth at strong rates. Manage really strong retention and that will equate to strong productivity into the future.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. It doesn't seem to me that the energy or the weakness in some geographic regions is something that's going to change quickly. So what allows that new business to accelerate from here?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's basically the fundamental piece is, as I talked earlier, which is there's this fundamental demand for help in addressing technology issues across the business. The thing that's going to drive the growth is, we grew our sales force by 15%. If you look at our pipeline going into the year, our pipeline is very strong, and that's what drives the new business growth, which is what kind of gives us confidence. A combination of we have great capacity, all the leading indicators on the count we've been hiring is that they are going to get off to a faster start we've had in the past, and a leading indicator in terms of our actual pipeline looks great as well. So we're pretty confident we're going to have a great new business year in 2016.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, great. And then just one last one. As you think about the next few years, are there any gating factors to continuing the strategy you've used in recent years of debt financing a good portion of your buy-backs? Did the level of interest rates, and if they rise, does that matter to you? I don't know  do you look at your leverage ratio based on your U.S. profits since I think all your debt is here? And is that a factor as that's clearly been rising more than your total leverage ratio? Or are you very comfortable that total leverage remains low and that you can continue do this sustainably into the future? Thank you.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: It's a great question, Gary. So, we do look at it on a total leverage basis. We have gross debt of just over $800 million, net debt of about 1.1 times leverage. And again, we also have this great benefit of amazing free cash flow generation and so we are generating significant amounts of free cash flow year after year after year after year, and again, roughly 60% of that free cash flow gets generated here in North America. So we have that at our disposal. The other comment I'd make on the interest rate comment, we have locked in $700 million of our $800 million or $825 million worth of debt with interest rate swaps. So we're not  we don't have exposure on continued interest rate rises on that one and we'll continue to look at our capital structure, look at our free cash flow generation and look at other shareholder enhancing activities, whether they'd be share repurchases, acquisitions or both as we manage our capital structure on a go forward basis.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Sheldon of William Blair. Please proceed.
Stephen H. Sheldon - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey. In for Tim McHugh. Good morning. First, in the Consulting business, the gross margin has continued to trend down. I think it peaked around 40% back in 2010, but has continued to move down since then. I'm guessing a lot of that's the strong growth that you've seen in managing partner and consultant head count, but was just curious if you think that could reverse at some point and trend back up or if you view kind of the lower gross margin as more of a permanent structural change in the business.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Stephen. Good morning. It's Craig. You're right. The primary driver of those reductions in gross contribution margin have been the investment in managing partners. We've been growing that very aggressively, well faster than revenue. The goal of making those investments though is so that we can drive deeper relationships with our largest clients where we're doing longer engagements and repeat engagements, and inherently those have better economics over the long-term. So we continue to believe that this can be a 35% to 40% margin business for us and we manage it so that we  or we plan for it so that we do see modest margin improvements on a year-over-year basis. But again, the investment in MPs, we think is the real lever there for us to drive better, more consistent results for us and better, more valuable relationships for our clients.
Stephen H. Sheldon - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then just on the pace of share repurchases, it was a little slower in the second half of the year, so just wanting to know how you're thinking about share repurchases as you move into 2016.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. I mean we did over $0.5 billion of repurchasing in the year. Yes, it was heavily weighted towards the first half of the year, but we still did well over $500 million for the year. As we've talked about, share repurchases remain a strategic use of our cash flow and our balance sheet, and we'll continue to look at both share repurchases and acquisitions as the two primary uses. As we talked about, when we put the current authorization in place, we talked about it being a roughly 2.5 year to 3 year program, that's the way we still think about it.
Stephen H. Sheldon - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Jeff Silber of BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks so much. Sorry to go back to the sales force productivity issue. I just wanted to clarify something. If we somehow or if you can take out the impact of the energy and utility sector, would your NCVI per AE have gone up in 2015?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So we probably would have seen a very, very modest decline on a year-over-year basis.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): But that's not something you expect to continue going forward, correct?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Just to follow on that, which is, so the energy and utility sector is just the companies. If you look again, like I used Brazil since I've already talked about Brazil as an example. So in Brazil, because there  the whole economy has a lot of reliance on oil and gas  if the oil price goes down from $100 to $30 a barrel, it directly affects the oil companies but it affects government revenues; the government has less to spend. It affects all the companies that supply the oil companies. And so part of the factor we had was directly driven by the oil and gas sector itself. But the other thing is, if you're in a country like Brazil, it affects more than that. And to put it in perspective again, I want to drive home that we didn't see shrinkage or anything. In fact, Brazil was growing a bit above our average double-digit growth last  in 2014. In 2015, it had double-digit growth a little below our average growth. So, even in that tough environment, we had great growth there. But again, if you go from higher double-digit growth to a little lower double-digit growth, that has an impact on productivity. So it's not that we have things that are going from like great growth to negative, it's the double-digit just isn't quite as good as it was. And so that's the other small piece of it.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. That's fair enough. I got that. And just to shift gears to the Events segment for a second. Was there an issue in terms of the size of the events this quarter? Your average attendee per event went down a bit. I know you had two more events but was there a mix shift or a timing issue? Thanks.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Our attendee growth in the quarter, Jeff, was 3%. I don't think you were in Orlando but, as you know, Orlando is our largest event where we actually sold it out for two years in a row. And so you don't see big attendee growth when we have a sell-out. We do see revenue growth because, again, we're attracting and targeting a higher quality of attendee and then we're able to get a higher price out of that. But no, no issue or no risk from the math you're doing. Q4 was a very strong quarter for us from an Events perspective and particularly from an attendee revenue growth perspective.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. Appreciate the color. Thanks so much.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer of Gartner. Please proceed sir.
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I just returned from our annual kick-off meeting with our sales managers from around the world and our sales leaders are excited about our prospects for growth and feel well equipped for success in any economic condition. As a company, we're in a very strong position. We have more impact on end users and technology providers than any other company in the world, and we know how to be successful. The macroeconomic environment affects all companies, but Gartner is better prepared than ever to deal with these disruptions. We're entering the year with the highest number of sales people than ever before. Our recruiting processes are better than ever, and all the leading indicators on our people suggest the talent we have in our organization today is better than it's ever been. We're getting better, stronger, faster day after day, year after year. We have a vast market opportunity, a powerful value proposition, a winning strategy and an exceptional business model. Looking ahead, we're prepared for ongoing macroeconomic challenges in 2016 and I remain confident we'll deliver another great year. We're well positioned for accelerated sustained growth for years to come. I look forward to giving you a more detailed update across our business at our upcoming Investor Day. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC Mark Wallach - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Manav Shiv Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Henry Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Gartner's earnings conference call for the third quarter 2015. A replay of this call will be available through December 5, 2015. The replay can be accessed by dialing 888-286-8010 for domestic calls and 617-801-6888 for international calls, and by entering the pass code 45632822. This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be archived on Gartner's website at www.gartner.com, for approximately 90 days. On the call today is Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall; and Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. Before beginning, please be aware that certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. The company undertakes no obligation to update any of its forward-looking statements. I will now turn the conference over to Gene Hall. Please go ahead, sir.
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Q3 2015 earnings call. While our business continues to deliver robust results with demand for our services being driven by the digital industrial economy, having completed the third quarter of the year, our underlying metrics are strong. We continued to capture the opportunity ahead of us with the successful execution of our proven strategy for growth. As I've done in the past, I'll review our key operating metrics on an FX-neutral basis since that's the best way to understand the overall health of our business. For the third quarter of 2015, we delivered double digit growth in contract value, revenues and earnings per share. Total company revenues were up 13% and EBITDA was 17% higher than this time last year. Research, our largest and most profitable segment, delivered our 23rd consecutive quarter of double-digit CV growth. For Q3 2015, we drove double digit contract value growth in every region across every client size and in every industry segment. During the quarter we achieved another new milestone in Research, with more than 10,000 enterprises as our clients. We continued to invest in improved recruiting capabilities, training and tools, which in turn allow us to drive sales productivity improvements over time. Growing sales capability and capacity is a mission-critical priority for us. For Q3 2015, we grew sales head count by 16% and sales productivity improved compared to this time last year. In Consulting, one of our core strategies is to increase the number of managing partners. We ended the quarter with 105 managing partners, up 22% over last year, and we maintained a healthy four months of backlog. Our Events business continues to deliver robust double digit growth. On a same-events basis, we drove a revenue increase of 22% year over year. We continue to deploy our capital strategically with acquisitions and share repurchases as our priority use of capital. We announced two acquisitions last quarter, Nubera and Capterra. Both businesses strengthen our offerings in the small business space. Year to date, we purchased $453 million of our shares. Craig will give you more detail on all our business results in a moment. We're currently in the middle of our flagship conference series, Symposium/ITxpo. Gartner Symposium is the world's most important gathering of CIOs and senior IT executives. We host this series in eight locations around the world, including South Africa, Brazil, Dubai, India, Japan, Australia, Spain, and Orlando, Florida. This event series convenes thousands of CIOs, who share experiences and gain valuable insights that help them achieve their mission-critical priorities. In addition to being the most important gathering of CIOs, it's also the largest gathering of technology leaders in the world. There's truly nothing else like it on the planet. I just returned from the events we held in Florida and Australia. While onsite at both events, I met with a number of CIOs and enterprise leaders from a diverse array of industries. These leaders are experiencing firsthand the effects of digital business. They're looking to Gartner for answers to tough challenges, cybersecurity, disruption, business transformation, and Gartner delivers. The CIOs I met with said they felt inspired and better equipped to succeed in digital business as a result of our insights. Symposium/ITxpo is one of the best ways clients and prospects alike can experience the breadth and depth of what Gartner has to offer. Throughout these events, I also had the option to speak with a large number of our salespeople from all around the world. Whether new or experienced, all of them had incredible excitement and enthusiasm about the event, the value we deliver to our clients, and our incredible market opportunities. One of the primary reasons our Events business and our overall business has been so successful is our people. Gartner is a people business. Over the past several years, we've made significant investments in our people. We added analysts around the world. We invested in recruiting and in training. We improved our customer service processes. We invested heavily in improving sales productivity. And these investments are paying off. The insights we create, the advice we deliver, and the overall experience for our customers has never been better, and we're not slowing down. We'll continue to improve and innovate across every area of our business. We know how to be successful in any economic environment. We're relevant whether an institution is growing or facing economic challenges, and we continue to deliver double-digit results due to the tremendous value we deliver to our clients. I remain confident in and excited about Gartner. Technology continues to change the world, and Gartner is the heart of technology. Gartner is the single best source for enterprises to get the insight they need to understand where and how to successfully harness technology to achieve their mission-critical priorities. We have more impact on end users and technology providers than any other company in the world. We're getting better, stronger, faster every day. We have a vast market opportunity, a powerful value proposition, a winning strategy, and an exceptional business model. Gartner is a stellar growth company with outstanding prospects for accelerated and sustained growth for years to come. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Craig.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. Gartner continued its strong operational and financial performance in the third quarter, delivering double-digit growth in contract value, revenue and EBITDA on an FX-neutral basis, and remains poised to do the same for the full year 2015. I will discuss each business segment's performance in depth shortly, but for the quarter our year-over-year performance on an FX-neutral basis was as follows. Contract value increased 14%, with Research revenue growing 16%, Events revenues increased 22% on a same-event basis. Consulting revenues declined by 3%. Normalized EBITDA increased 17%. We continue to see robust demand for our services across all of our business segments, and our business has delivered consistent double digit growth quarter after quarter, year after year. We are engaged on our clients' most important initiatives and projects. Our strong retention metrics demonstrate the value our clients receive from our products and services. We are making great progress in capturing our market opportunity, finding new IT, supply chain, and digital marketing professionals to sell to every day. We are further penetrating existing accounts and winning new enterprise accounts. We remain confident that we will continue to deliver consistent revenue growth and strong financial performance over the near and long term. I will first discuss the performance of each of our three business segments for the third quarter, give color around our P&L and balance sheet, discuss our recent acquisitions, and finally share our outlook for the fourth quarter and the full year 2015. Then we will open up the call for questions. As a global business, it is worth noting that the strengthening U.S. dollar has continued to impact our reported results. Just about every currency we operate in is weaker against the U.S. dollar when compared to last year. While the decline in the euro has leveled off, a few additional currencies, most notably the Brazilian real, Canadian dollar, and Australian dollar, have recently seen further weakness against the U.S. dollar. I will comment on the impact of foreign exchange on each of our business segments as I discuss them, beginning with Research. Research revenue grew 8% on an as-reported basis and 16% on an FX-neutral basis in the third quarter. Our recently announced acquisitions had a less than one point impact on our revenue growth for the quarter. The gross contribution margin for Research was 69%, up 70 basis points compared to third quarter 2014. On a year-to-date basis, the gross contribution margin remained at 70%, matching our target for this segment. All of our other Research business metrics remain very strong. Contract value grew to $1.643 billion, a growth rate of 11% year over year on a reported basis and 14% on an FX-neutral basis. As Gene previously mentioned, our growth in contract value was broad-based, with every region, every client size and every industry segment growing at double-digit rates. We continue to drive contract value growth through strong retention rates and consistent growth in new business. Client retention was 84%, roughly the same as third quarter 2014. Wallet retention ended at 106% for the quarter, maintaining its historical high and representing a one point improvement over the third quarter of last year. Wallet retention is higher than client retention due to a combination of increased spending by retained clients and the fact that we retain a higher percentage of our larger clients. As we have discussed in the past, our retention metrics are reported on a four-quarter rolling basis in order to eliminate any seasonality. New business increased year over year, up 8% from last year's third quarter. The new business mix is consistent with prior quarters and remains balanced between sales to new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. Our contract value growth also benefits from our discipline of annual price increases and no discounting. We have increased our prices by at least 3% every year since 2005. We recently implemented a price increase on October 1 that averaged just north of 3%. Our new business growth reflects our success in penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing client enterprises. As a result, for the first time we crossed the 10,000 enterprise mark, ending the quarter with 10,093 client enterprises, up 9% over last year's third quarter, and the average spend per enterprise continues to grow on an FX-neutral basis, again reflecting our ability to increase our contract value by driving growth in both new and existing enterprises. Sales productivity improved once again. We are up 5% on an FX-neutral basis as compared to last year. As we have detailed in the past, we calculate sales productivity as the net contract value increase, what we call NCVI, per account executive. We look at it on a rolling four quarter basis to eliminate seasonality and we use opening sales head count as the period denominator. Over the last 12 months, we grew our contract value by $205 million in FX-neutral terms. Using our Q3 2014 ending sales head count of 1,820 as the beginning of period denominator, yields NCVI per AE of $113,000 on a rolling four quarter basis. Again, that's a 5% improvement over the third quarter of last year and the comparable figure was $107,000 per account executive at constant currency rates. To sum up our Research business, we delivered another strong quarter with retention rates at or near historical highs and contract value growth of 14%. Most importantly, we continue to see very strong demand for our Research products and services. Looking forward, our pipeline is very strong and our head count growth has accelerated. The programs we have in place to drive productivity around recruiting, training and tools are working. We anticipate ongoing improvements to sales productivity, which positively impact CV growth and subsequently Research revenue growth over the long-term. Moving to Events; for the quarter, our Events segment delivered exceptional results. On an FX-neutral basis, Events revenues increased 38% year over year. We held three more events in this quarter than in the same quarter last year. As I noted earlier, on a same-event basis, revenues were up 22% year over year. During the quarter, we held 15 events with 7,215 attendees compared to 12 events with 5,606 attendees in the third quarter of 2014. Q3 is a seasonally light quarter for Events as Symposium season begins early in Q4. On the same-event and FX-neutral basis, Events revenues grew 22%, with 6,451 attendees, a 9% increase compared to third quarter of last year. On a year-to-date basis, Events revenue is up 19% over the prior year, with 49 events versus 47 events in the same period last year. The gross contribution margin for Events increased roughly 9 percentage points from the third quarter a year ago to 39%. On a year-to-date basis, we improved gross contribution margin by approximately 4 points to 46%. Turning now to Consulting; on an as-reported basis, revenues in Consulting decreased 9% in the third quarter and decreased 3% FX-neutral. In the quarter, on an FX-neutral basis, our labor-based business was up slightly over last year. Consulting was largely impacted in the quarter by our contract optimization practice. As we've discussed in the past, our contract optimization practice has a higher degree of variability than the other parts of our Consulting business, which can significantly impact the results of this segment, either positively or negatively. Across the entire Consulting business, we continue to see strong demand for our services, and our ongoing investment in managing partners is allowing us to capture that demand. We now have 105 managing partners, a 22% increase over the third quarter 2014. The underlying operating metrics of our Consulting business also remain strong. On the labor-based side, billable head count of 588 was up 10% from this point in 2014. Third quarter annualized revenue for billable head count ended at $371,000. The decline in revenue per billable head was driven mostly by FX, with the balance split between modestly lower utilization and a richer mix of less senior consultants, who bill at lower rates. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our Consulting business, ended the quarter at $110 million, up 5% over this time last year on an FX-neutral basis. With the current backlog and visibility we have into the pipeline, we believe the Consulting business will finish 2015 with solid results. Moving down to the income statement; SG&A increased by $19 million year over year during the third quarter, primarily driven by the growth in our sales force. As of September 30, we had 2,111 direct quota-bearing sales associates, an increase of 291 or 16% from a year ago. For the full year, we expect to grow the sales force by 15% to 16%. In the third quarter, SG&A was higher as a percentage of revenues due to continued investments in our sales capacity and recruiting and training capabilities. Moving on to EBITDA and earnings; we delivered another solid quarter of earnings growth. Normalized EBITDA was $80 million in the third quarter, up 7% year over year on a reported basis and up 17% on an FX-neutral basis. Our Q3 EPS results include a $0.04 benefit from the sale of tax credits. The benefit arose out of a favorable state tax audit settlement. This result meant we had tax credits that would have been unutilized, so we were able to sell the credits and record the benefit to our P&L on the other income line. We do not expect this to be a recurring event. Our effective tax rate for the third quarter was 41.4%. On a year-to-date basis, the effective tax rate is 37.4%. These rates are trending higher than our guidance for two primary reasons. First, a significant amount of the expenses we are incurring related to our recent acquisitions are not tax deductible. And second, our mix of earnings continues to shift towards higher tax jurisdictions, primarily due to the stronger U.S. dollar. When we look at a normalized tax rate or the tax rate that corresponds with our EPS, excluding acquisition and integration charges, we see that the rate for Q3 and Q3 year to date was 38.2% and 36.5%, respectively. These are the tax rates to apply to our pre-tax income, excluding acquisition and integration charges, to model out earnings per share. These rates are modestly higher than our initial guidance due to mix of earnings. On a year-over-year basis, the increase in our tax rate is driven by foreign tax credit benefits that occurred in 2014, that are not repeating in 2015. As I've said earlier, the year-over-year rate is also impacted by the non-deductibility of acquisition charges and mix of earnings, which again is driven by the stronger U.S. dollar. GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.36 in the third quarter 2015. GAAP EPS includes the $0.04 benefit from the sale of tax credits I just mentioned. Our GAAP EPS also includes roughly $0.09 worth of acquisition and integration charges, $0.05 of which relates to the two acquisitions we closed in the third quarter. EPS, excluding acquisition and integration charges, was $0.45 per share in Q3. This figure also includes the $0.04 benefit related to the sale of expiring tax credits. If you recall, our third quarter EPS guidance, excluding acquisition and integration charges, was to be between $0.40 per share and $0.42 per share. If we exclude the $0.04 benefit from the sale of credits, our EPS, excluding acquisition and integration charges, was $0.41 per share for the third quarter. Turning now to cash, year to date operating cash flow decreased by 4% to $266 million, compared to this point last year largely due to a stronger U.S. dollar, higher acquisition-related incentive payments and higher cash taxes. We still expect to deliver free cash flow well in excess of net income yet again in 2015. Share repurchases and strategic acquisitions are our primary uses of our free cash flow and available capital. First, let's cover acquisitions. In the third quarter, we spent $196 million net of cash acquired on two strategic acquisitions, U.S.-based Capterra and Barcelona-based Nubera, whose primary asset is GetApp. While the companies acquired are both small relative to our core business, they serve an important market need and are right in our sweet spot in terms of their value propositions, helping users of IT make better technology decisions. The two transactions also complement the Software Advice deal from last year. I'd also note that we utilized overseas cash for the Nubera acquisition. These two deals were structured with additional cash consideration payable related to the ongoing employment of certain key executives and company bonus programs that will potentially be paid over the next three years. We'll recognize these additional cash payments as acquisition expense, and they will be amortized over the next two to three years. As with prior deals, these expenses will be excluded from our normalized EPS. During the third quarter, we also utilized our cash to return value back to our shareholders through share repurchases. In the quarter we had share repurchases of $12 million. Year to date, we have repurchased $453 million of our shares. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet and cash position, including the acquisitions and share repurchases. As of September 30, we had gross debt of $840 million. We have $700 million of interest rate swaps in place, which effectively lock in our interest rates through September 2019 on this portion of our debt. Our cash balance as of September 30, was $371 million, with 94% of our cash balance located outside of the U.S. The combination of our debt and cash positions represents a net debt position of $469 million. Our current credit facility runs through 2019 and gives us ample liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive shareholder value. As of September 30, we had an additional $646 million of revolver capacity. We continue to look for other attractive acquisition opportunities as a potential use of cash. We also believe that repurchasing our shares remains a compelling use of our capital. As of June 30, we had $1.18 billion available under our share repurchase authorization. Turning now to guidance; based upon our year-to-date results, the impact of recent acquisitions, our outlook for Q4, and current foreign exchange rates, we are adjusting our outlook and also tightening the ranges of our previously issued guidance. As you know, our normal business trends do show seasonality. Our fourth quarter is typically our largest Events quarter, a large Consulting quarter, and our largest contract value growth quarter. All the figures that I'm going to go through are contained in our press release, but I wanted to provide color around the guidance ranges. First, from a revenue perspective, we now expect the following annual revenue figures and corresponding FX-neutral growth rates. Research revenues of $1.580 billion to $1.595 billion, 15% to 16% annual growth, we modestly tightened the top end of guidance due to the stronger U.S. dollar against our major currencies. The impact of the stronger dollar was partially offset by the inclusion of our recently announced acquisitions. Consulting revenues of $325 million to $340 million, negative 1% to positive 3% year-over-year growth; we've reduced the bottom end of guidance by $5 million and the top end by $10 million. Consulting guidance was impacted by foreign exchange and modestly by operational performance. Events revenues of $245 million to $255 million, 14% to 18% year-over-year growth; we are raising the bottom end of guidance by $5 million due to our over-performance in this segment, which is offsetting the drag from the FX rate. On total revenues, there was no change to the bottom end and a $15 million tightening to the top end of prior guidance. Again, the (25:09  25:15) to $2.190 billion or 12% to 14% annual growth on an FX-neutral basis. For EBITDA, we now expect to deliver between $405 million and $420 million for 2015, 11% to 15% growth on an FX-neutral basis. This reflects a $10 million tightening of the top end of our guidance. The stronger U.S. dollar was offset partially by the inclusion of our newly acquired businesses. Like any multinational corporation, the continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar continues to negatively impact our results and outlook on a reported basis. However, the FX-neutral growth rates are in line with our original guidance. We are updating our GAAP EPS guidance to reflect the impacts from our Q3 acquisitions. We now expect GAAP EPS of between $1.97 per share and $2.07 per share. GAAP EPS now includes $0.32 per share of acquisition and integration charges, representing an increase of $0.16 per share for our two most recent acquisitions. Earnings per share excluding acquisition and integration charges is expected to be $2.29 to $2.37 (26:31  26:37) 9% to 13% FX-neutral growth. We have raised the bottom end of this guidance by $0.02 and tightened the top end down by $0.07. These adjustments reflect the impact of the tax credit sale and the inclusion of the acquired businesses, offset by the stronger U.S. dollar. For cash flow, we are updating our guidance to reflect the impact of the stronger U.S. dollar, higher acquisition charges, and higher levels of capital spending to support our growth. We now expect cash flow from operations of $337 million to $352 million, cash acquisition-related charges of $16 million, and gross capital expenditures of roughly $48 million. That yields a new free cash flow range of $305 million to $320 million, or $3.60 to $3.78 of free cash flow per share. Again, the updates to our guidance are predominantly to reflect the impact of the strengthened U.S. dollar. Additionally, we've updated to account for the impacts from our two recent acquisitions. The FX-neutral growth rates for our business are in line with our previous guidance ranges. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter in Q3. Demand for our services is robust. And as a result, our Research contract value grew 14% and total revenue grew 13% at constant currency rates. Our key business metrics remain strong and are at or near all-time highs. We will continue to invest in our business, both organically and through acquisitions, and return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program going forward. We move into Q4 with significant momentum and remain well-positioned to deliver another solid year of revenue and earnings growth for the full year 2015. Now I'll turn the call back over to the operator and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. And your first question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler of Baird. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. On the Research contract value growth, obviously, it continues to be broad-based growth, but there was a little bit of deceleration. Any pockets of weakness to call out, or what drove that?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Hey, Jeff, it's Gene. I wouldn't say it's pockets of weakness. I'd put it more in the category of noise. We had one country that I'll give you an example of that drove it. One of our countries was growing in the mid-30% year-over-year CV growth and it slowed to 20%. Another one  another region, larger than  both of these are large for us, was growing 40% and it slowed to 23%. And again I took those more as noise as opposed to there's some dramatic slowing.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Got it, that's helpful. And then on Consulting, is the weakness relative to plan all concentrated in CO or was labor-based also below plan?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Jeff. It's Craig. So in the quarter, it was predominantly contract optimization. That said, we were a little bit below our forecast on labor-based. And essentially, our strategy around adding managing partners is to drive deep long-lasting large consulting relationships with our clients. In the third quarter, we actually had two very large programs come to an end. And normally we're able to reassign all those consultants that are working those long dense engagements. We had a little bit of a disruption here which impacted the labor-based revenue in the third quarter. That said, rolling forward, we had a really strong bookings quarter, and our backlog looks very strong for the labor-based business as well. So broadly speaking, contract optimization was the primary culprit. A little bit of softness on labor-based, but labor-based was more of a timing thing, and we feel good looking forward.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim McHugh of William Blair & Co. Please proceed.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks. I guess first just on the margins. I guess, you talked about productivity continuing to be strong on the Research side, I guess, but the updated guidance for this year just at a midpoint, we're basically looking at margins down 10 basis points. And so, I guess, one is when do you or when should we start to see the productivity flow through to the margin line, I guess? And then secondarily, I guess, can you  I know you said it's seasonally stronger in the fourth quarter for margins, but the year-over-year improvement required is much better than you saw early in the year. So any timing factors, I guess, that give us reason to expect better margin improvement in the fourth quarter?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure, Tim. Good morning. On the first part of the question, the way that we look at it and the way to kind of think about it and model it through, we've seen a nice year-over-year improvements in productivity consistently for the last few quarters. That said, we're still growing head count at a faster rate than the productivity is turning into contract value growth. The reason we're doing that is because of that $58 billion market opportunity that we're going after. And so we're continuing to add head count to go after that market opportunity. That said, when we bring on lots of new people and more people in their first year, et cetera, and we've had discussions around first-year productivity is significantly lower than second year productivity, which is lower than what it looks like once they're fully tenured, that's essentially what's causing that drag, if you will, on the margins. That said, if you look at our guidance, again the midpoint may be 10 basis points down. The message from us is the guidance outlook calls for roughly flat margins. Maybe 10 basis points down, maybe flat, maybe 10 basis points up depending on how the quarter transpires from a reporting perspective, which has been consistent with what we've delivered over the last three years to four years.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then I guess the comment on Q4 versus the  what we've seen so far this year. Is there a reason...
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. It's a great question. So as you'll recall, the first two quarters were really impacted by the grow-over related to our contract optimization business, which because of the size of the grow-over, actually caused a fairly big drag on the margins in the first half of the year and subsequently on the year-to-date numbers for the third quarter as well. In the fourth quarter we don't have that grow-over problem, and we typically have a very strong Events quarter, really strong contract value growth quarter, et cetera. That's why we're confident with the levels of growth required and the margin expansion required for the fourth quarter.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just one for the model; the acquisitions you made, I know you said less than a point of contribution this quarter. But I guess I think that was probably a partial quarter. How should we think about the revenue and margin impact of those?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, it'll have a less than 2 point impact on the fourth quarter total revenue. So again, these are small acquisitions. And even less impact on EBITDA margins. Again, when we baked in the guidance, we baked it into the guidance. It's baked in there. It was offset by the stronger dollar, both on the revenue lines and on the EBITDA lines. But the way to think about it is less than 2% impact on total revenue in the fourth quarter.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from the line of Anj Singh of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Mark Wallach - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. This is actually Mark Wallach in for Anj. Thanks for taking my question. So diving a little deeper into an earlier question on the sales force productivity growth decelerating slightly, though off a tougher comp; so just looking at year ago, head count growth was slower  a little slower than usual. So I think that that would be a tailwind to productivity growth this quarter; so just wondering if you could give us some of the puts and takes there. And I guess along those lines, how should we think about the potential headwind on productivity going forward from accelerating head count growth?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So hey, Mark. On the productivity trend, again, down a little bit sequentially, but up nicely, up 5% on a year-over-year basis. And again, we look at it both ways. We actually think that year over year is a good way to look at it because it does take out some of the noise of movement and head count growth from quarter to quarter. So we're pleased with continued and consistent year-over-year improvements in sales productivity the way we measure it. In terms of the grow-overs and the tailwind or headwind or however you want to describe it, the way to think about it is as we tick up or tick down, and again, we're within 2 points. So we're talking about 14% growth and 16% growth on a 2,000-person basis. You're talking about the difference of roughly 40 people one way or the other. So it's not a huge swing, even though it looks that way from a percentage basis. But as we tick up, we do have a slightly richer mix of new hires, which are inherently less productive. And so we're delivering 5% year-over-year productivity growth while having a richer mix of first-year AEs. And again the way it works with us is the first-year AEs, it really is an investment because they are lower productivity. But then as they rise in tenure, they really start to drive significant growth and as it rolls through the system. So that's the way we think about the productivity and the growth. The second question was around future headwinds. I don't know, Gene, if you want to tackle that one. I mean...
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. I mean basically, Mark, we're committed to continually improving our recruiting, continually improving our training, giving our sales force new tools, as we've talked about. And we think over time those things will enhance sales productivity, which is why we're doing it. And so we're on a strong drive to improve our sales productivity over time. So instead of headwinds, I think the opposite, which is that because of the changes we're making, we expect that sales productivity will improve over time.
Mark Wallach - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. That's helpful, and then just another quick one. In Consulting, we saw the decline in average annualized revenue per billable head count accelerate slightly. So can you just help us understand what's happening there and how we should think about that going forward? Is that just a function of additional MPs versus the RAM time, et cetera, or is there something more there?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So the way to look at that one, Mark, is more than half of the decline is actually foreign exchange. We do have a very healthy business, particularly over in Europe with our Consulting. And so with the euro and the pound doing what it's done, that's obviously having the most significant impact. Beyond that, there are really two primary factors. One is a slight downtick in utilization. We were at 63% on the quarter, down about 2 points from last year. That obviously impacts the annualized revenue per billable. And again, that's more related to what I described earlier around some of those larger projects coming to an end and us not getting those consultants reassigned on new projects right away, which they are now. The second biggest factor, which has actually been a strategic focus for us as well, is while we're accelerating the growth of our managing partners, the top of the pyramid, we've actually been very aggressive about filling in the bottom of the pyramid as well, so the more junior level consultants that are actually on the ground delivering the hunk of the value. If you look at roughly 60% of the decline from foreign exchange, another 20% from the lower utilization rate, the balance is actually from a shift in mix. So we've got significantly more lower-level consultants, who we actually make great margins on out there billing, which drags down the bill rate a little bit, but it's actually very healthy for margins.
Mark Wallach - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik of Barclays. Please proceed.
Manav Shiv Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes. Good morning, guys. I just wanted to touch on the acquisitions a bit. I mean it sounds like minimal impact to revenue and EBITDA, but the $196 million net of cash acquired price seems a little high. So I was just wondering if you could give us some color on the size of those assets individually. And also I think you mentioned that the incentive payments to the management of those guys over the years would be recognized as an acquisition expense and excludes amortization. I'm just wondering why, if that's just (40:27).
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Manav. So as you know, we've traditionally targeted companies that had at least $10 million in IT spending, and there's, we've estimated, 110,000 of those companies. There are tens of millions of smaller businesses. And these three businesses, two of which we acquired this quarter, in addition to Software Advice, those three businesses provide the same kind of services that we provide to larger companies to these tens of millions of smaller companies. And the reason we did these acquisitions obviously wasn't for this quarter or even next year. But we think over the next five years that this will be a great growth business for us. And it fits very well with what we do as a business, which is we've always, our specialty is advising clients on what products and services to buy and how to get the most out of their technology investments. I don't know if, Craig, you wanted to step in.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And, Manav, just on the accounting side of it, we had the same accounting treatment related to the Software Advice deal where there were what we'll call hold-backs for the management team that they have to earn by being onboard and contributing to the business over a couple-year period. When we structured the deals, they are akin to consideration. However, from a GAAP accounting perspective, we treat them as operating expense. And because it is really in our mind more or like consideration for the acquisition, that's why we normalize it out from an expense perspective on a go-forward basis.
Manav Shiv Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then just to touch on, since most of your cash is now overseas, is there any inherent limitation there in terms of either buying domestic companies, or I guess you just have to use your revolver to do buybacks. I'm just wondering if we should think of that as a limitation by any means.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, the overseas cash balance obviously cannot be utilized for every business initiative or shareholder enhancing initiative we want to undertake. That said, with the Nubera acquisition as an example, we were actually able to use that foreign cash to do the acquisition. On a go-forward basis, the combination of that cash overseas, the great free cash flow generation we have both here and overseas, plus the $646 million available on our current revolver, and on top of that we actually have a $500 million expansion feature in our credit facility. We feel like the combination of those three or four things allow us to be well-positioned to pursue whatever shareholder enhancing initiatives we want to.
Manav Shiv Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning. How are your discussions going with clients as they plan their 2016 budgets? And have you seen any change in tone as the year has gone on?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey. It's Gene. No, actually basically as clients are planning their 2016 budgets, they've been focused on the same issues. They've been focused on what we're calling bimodal IT, which is building up things for the digital economy at the same time keeping their existing business running. They're worried about cybersecurity and having to deal with cybersecurity. So those are the kinds of things that they're focused on, and it hasn't changed through the year.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great. And just given the two new acquisitions in the small and medium-sized space, I'm just wondering if you could talk about the initial receptivity among clients in that area. Especially, you've had Software Advice for a little while now. So I just wanted to get your sense of how big the opportunity could be and just how the reaction is going to your bulking up in that area. Thanks.
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So the small companies have the same kind of problems with IT that big companies do. And these companies that we're targeting actually in general do not have an IT department. Things like think about a small funeral home or an electrician. An electrician has four or five electricians that work for them, or someone like that. There are huge opportunities for them to use IT in their business. And the changes in technology have made it so that there are more and more opportunities every day. Things like Amazon Web Services and all of the software tools that are available now, particularly open-source tools. So there's an explosion of innovation in software, particularly hosted software that applies to these small businesses. These small businesses, they're not experts in IT and they need help figuring out what's best for their particular business in their particular situation. And so the receptivity to  and that's what these three businesses we've bought do. And the clients love them because they need the help to figure out these tough IT decisions just like large companies, except they don't have an IT department.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And just lastly, is this more of  are these businesses more transactional than like a typical research subscription model that you have in a larger business?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, they are more transactional as opposed to a subscription model.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question comes from the line of Peter Appert of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, good morning. This is actually Steven (46:03) filling in for Peter Appert. I have a question in regards to the Events segment. The Events business has been a very strong performer in Q3 and for the past quarter. How big is the opportunity here, and what drives the continuing growth?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, it's Gene. So our Events business has been seeing enormous opportunity that we have in all of our Research business. Basically we have opportunities on two dimensions of our Events business. The first is to grow -the existing Events portfolio we have has lots of room for growth. We don't see any of the event types that we have today having any growth restrictions. In addition to that, there will be new events we can add as well. For example, over time I expect we are going to add more Symposium events around the world. And so we've got both growth from our existing events which we think is unconstrained for the foreseeable future, and then adding whole new events, particularly in geographies where we don't have all of the events today.
Unknown Speaker: I see. And in terms of the macro economy in Europe, it remains challenging. Can you elaborate what are you seeing in major markets?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So as I mentioned before, in every geography and every industry, we've had double digit growth again. And so even when the economic situation is tough, people have IT problems; IT is often one of the solutions to those problems. And we're the best source to go to. And so, we see robust growth in every geography and every industry around the world.
Unknown Speaker: Okay, great. That's all I have. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. Your next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. A couple of questions, Craig, I'll start with something you said. I think I heard you saying new business was up 8%. Is that a bookings number? I don't remember, and if so, I don't remember you consistently providing that in the past. What's the context we should put around that? That's quite a bit below contract value growth. Is there something that that's indicative of?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Gary. No. It's actually something that we do provide generally each quarter. It's not the bookings number. It's actually exclusive of the renewal activity. So it's essentially the growth bookings that we have each quarter, and again, can vary from quarter to quarter a little bit in terms of how much we're actually renewing and how much we're actually selling in terms of growth. As you'd imagine, Q4, it tends to be by far our largest growth quarter. And we feel good where we are from a new business perspective, both for the quarter and on a year-to-date basis.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So the way to think about that is 8% is the new bookings? Then you've got on the renewal base some pricing and likely some people buying more than they did a year ago. You add that all up, you get to 14%? Is that the right way to think about it?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Well, no. The 8% is actually it's a year-over-year growth measure. So it's not a proportion of the current year bookings. It's the year-over-year growth.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, all right. And then just on events; having recently been at your event in Florida, it seems to be bigger and grander every year. Is there a risk with events like that that they just get too big for their own good? And I guess I ask from the perspective of if you had 9% growth in same-event attendees, but 22% revenue, I realize there's some pricing, but it seems like you're also getting outsized growth from the exhibitors. Is there some point at which the benefit to them declines as you jam more of them in there or raise the price? Or do you think we're not anywhere near that given the value you're providing to them?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, there's another factor going on, Gary, which is that we're shifting the mix to sell to more senior people. And so if you look at like the event you went to, the proportion of people that are CIOs there has been growing at a very high rate. And that's purposeful. That's by design. Symposium is targeted at CIOs and that level of leaders. And so we're increasing the mix of senior people. And as we target more senior people, the pricing is higher as well. We changed the event to be targeted at senior people. We invite more of them, and the pricing goes along with it. And so, it's not just the exhibitor piece. There's actually a mix shift going on where we've been targeting more senior people who, frankly, it's part of a broader strategy which they have decision-making  more decision-making authority in their organizations. And so they come to our event to understand Gartner. It's good for our entire business.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got you, thanks. And then just a cleanup one on the FX; I know you've talked about 40% or 50% of revenue being overseas. But can you just give us an update? What's the general mix of euro and pound, which after next quarter are a lot less of the drag? But versus the Canadian dollar, EM and Aussie dollar, which really weaken quite a bit and probably remain a drag for several quarters into next year?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. So, Gary, we haven't got into real great detail there. What I'll tell you is euro and pound are by far the two largest exposures we have globally. But that said, we've got a great business in Canada, a great business in Australia and a great business in Brazil that have been growing consistently and rapidly over the last several years. And so while they're not nearly as big as the euro or pound, they are in that top five or six currency exposures for us. So they do have an impact, as you mentioned. I mean the euro and the pound, and maybe this is a little bit of a hopeful comment, have mostly stabilized for the most part. I mean the euro is still down 3%-ish from when we gave our initial guidance. But the Brazilian real is down 50% since we gave our initial guidance. So the good news is the two larger currencies have mostly stabilized. But these other currencies are big enough businesses for us that they do move the needle a little bit. We'll continue to focus in on how we're doing from an FX-neutral perspective, and provide all the transparency possible so that you can see what's actually happening underneath the covers. But you're right on the euro and pound perspective. It should look a little bit better on a reported basis rolling forward.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: But the right assumption probably at this point, given what you've told us, is there's likely to be a noticeable if not material drag in the first half of 2016, just based on these ones that have really started weakening recently.
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: On a reported basis, that is true. On an FX-neutral basis, we'd expect to continue the way we've been going.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes, understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber of BMO. Please go ahead.
Henry Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning. It's Henry Chien calling in for Jeff. I just had a question on the planned sales force increase. I don't know if you'd be able to quantify this at all. But I was curious to know how long, given the trends in sales force productivity and the gains you're seeing in enterprise contract value; I was just wondering if you might be able to give us a sense of when sales force trends, we should see an impact on revenue growth?
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, Henry, the way we think about it and again the contract value growth feeds the revenue growth. And so with our sales productivity gains, we're in that 14% to 15% revenue growth range. If you recall, go back several quarters, we had lower productivity and we were delivering 12%, 13% contract value growth. The gains we had last year and into this year have allowed us to be delivering 15%  14% to 15% CV growth and 14% to 15% Research revenue growth. On a go-forward basis, as we stated, we are very focused on continuing to improve productivity and continuing to grow the sales force. The combination of those two things will convert into higher levels of contract value growth and then subsequently higher levels of Research revenue growth.
Henry Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, got it. I mean is there a lag time that is different from that we've seen in prior quarters, or is it...
Craig W. Safian - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, the historical lag, if you will, between contract value conversion to revenue conversion is consistent with what we've always seen.
Henry Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And how much of your sales force growth is related to growing the small-size to medium-size opportunity that you're seeing?
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, Henry, the businesses that we just acquired and Software Advice, we wouldn't include in that group. And so we handle those separately because they handle it in a different way. And so the sales force increase is, that we talked about, is in our traditional business where we're targeting those 110,000 companies. And within that, there are large, medium and smaller businesses but they're all above the size of the acquisitions. And directionally it's kind of the same split. We have  we're still investing in large companies. We're still investing in small companies and medium-sized companies in that original 110,000 base.
Henry Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Got it. Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much indeed for your questions, ladies and gentlemen. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Gene Hall for the closing remarks.
Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I thank all of you for joining us today. To summarize the key points of today's call, we are doing great as a company and our underlying metrics are strong. We continue to invest to improve recruiting capability, training tools that drive sales productivity over time. We once again delivered double digit growth in every region across every client size and in every industry segment. We remain committed to enhancing shareholder value through investment in our business, strategic acquisitions, and share repurchases. And we're getting better, stronger, faster all the time. I expect to see robust growth for years to come. We look forward to updating you again on our next quarterly earnings call. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you for joining in today's conference, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Eugene Hall - CEO Craig Safian - CFO and SVP
Analysts: Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company Jeff Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. Anjaneya Singh - Credit Suisse Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co. Jeff Silber - BMO Capital Markets Bill Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Gartners Earning Conference Call for the Second Quarter of 2015. A replay of this call will be available through August 30, 2015. The replay can be accessed by dialing 888-286-8010 for domestic calls and 617-801-6888 for international calls, and by entering the passcode 85723528. This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be archived on Gartners website at www.gartner.com for approximately 90 days. On the call today is Gartners Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall; and Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. Before beginning, please be aware that certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the companys 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. The company undertakes no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. I will now turn the call over to Gene Hall. Please go ahead, sir.
Eugene Hall: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Q2 2015 earnings call. The technology revolution continues to drive demand for our services. We have right strategy in place to capture the opportunity ahead of us and our business is doing great. We are where we expect to be at this point in the year and all of our underlying metrics are strong. As on prior calls, I will review our key operating metrics on an FX neutral basis, since that's the best way to understand the underlying health of our business. For the second quarter of 2015, contract value again grew 15% and total company revenues grew 12%. We've consistently delivered double-digit contract value growth in every region, every industry and every company size and this quarter no exception. The continued successful execution of our proven strategy was central to our success. We continue to get bigger, stronger, faster every quarter, year after year. Across our three businesses, research, our largest and most profitable segment, accelerated FX neutral CV growth for the sixth consecutive quarter to 15% and revenues grew 14% in the second quarter of 2015. Retention was strong. For second quarter of 2015, client retention remained at our all-time high of 85% which is up one point for the same quarter in 2014. Wallet retention also remained at an all-time high of 106% which is up a point over Q2, 2014. For the second quarter, sales productivity was up 13% compared to Q2, 2014. We continue to invest in improved recruiting capabilities, training and tools and this in turn allows us to drive sales productivity improvement overtime. In addition during Q 2, 2015 sales headcount growth accelerated to 16%. Our consulting business was up 2% as a result of solid performances from our labor based practice and our contract optimization practice. We continue to maintain a healthy four months of backlog. Our events business also did very strong performance during the second quarter. We held 26 events in Q2 and across those events we hosted more than 17,000 attendees. For Q2 2015 on a same even basis, revenue was up19% year-over-year. Strategic after space we also continue to deliver value back to our shareholders purchase. For the first six months of the year we repurchased $441 million of our shares. The primary reason our business is so successful is our people. At the heart of it, Gartner is a people business.  Were attracting the best talent in industry in strategic locations around the world and getting them up to speed quickly. We recently gathered our global sales leadership team together. They were incredibly exciting about the technology revolution. They see the huge opportunity we have before us and I know the value would live with our clients. The insights to created of our industry leading analyst weve like to deliver and the overall client experience with Gartner has never been better.  Well continue our great momentum. As we have progressed through 2015. We have tremendous clients whether they're growing or facing economic challenges. We know how to be successful in any economic environment. Retention rates are all time highs and we have double digit growth in every region, every industry every company site. We remain committed to enhancing shareholder values through investing who invest in business, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. We are better, stronger, faster as a company and I expect to see robust growth for years to come. With that I will hand the call over to Craig. 
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene and good morning, everyone. As Gene just discussed, Gartner carried the strong start to 2015 into the second quarter, delivering 15% growth in contract value and maintaining all-time highs in retention metrics. Our performance in the first half of the year puts us right where we expect to be and accordingly we are reiterating our full year guidance. Our financial highlights for the second quarter on an FX neutral basis include contract value growth of 15% for the second straight quarter. This is the sixth consecutive quarter of contract value growth improvement. Events revenue increased by 19% year-over-year on a same event basis. Year-over-year consulting revenues increased by 2% and normalized EBITDA was up 12% versus the prior year. We continue to see robust demand for our services across all of our business segments. Our strong top line performance and effective execution in capitalizing on the operating leverage in our business, allowed us to once again expand our gross contribution margin. Our business continues to deliver double digit growth, quarter after quarter, year after year. We are engaged on our client's most important initiatives and projects. In both existing and prospect account, we are finding new IT, supply chain and digital for consistent revenue growth and strong financial performance over the near and long term. I will first provide a review is of the business results for the second quarter and end with the details of our outlook for the third quarter and remainder of 2015 before taking your questions. As a global business, it is worth noting the continued strength of the U.S. dollar once again impacted our reported results. Just about currency we operate in is weaker against the U.S. dollar when compared to last year. I will comment on the impact of foreign exchange in each business segment as I speak about them. Starting with our research business, research revenue grew 8% on an as reported basis and 14% on an FX neutral basis in the second quarter. The gross contribution margin for research was 70%, up 1 point compared to second quarter 2014 and matching our gross contribution margin target for the research segment. All of our other research business metrics remain very strong. Contract value grew to $1.595 billion, a growth rate of 11% year-over-year on a reported and 15% on an FX neutral basis. Our growth in contract value was extremely broad based with every region, every client size and every industry segment growing at double-digit rates. The acceleration in our contract value growth was driven by improvements to both our retention rates and our new business. Client retention was 85%, a third quarter in a row of this historical high. This is up one point versus the second quarter last year. Wallet retention is also at an all-time high ending at 106% in the quarter, one point uptick over the last year's second quarter. This was the seventh consecutive quarter of sequential improvement in wallet retention. Wallet retention is higher than client retention due to a combination of increased spending by retained clients and the fact that we retain a higher percentage of our larger clients. As we have discussed in past, our retention metrics are reported on a four quarter rolling basis in order to eliminate any seasonality. Once again, new business significantly increased year-over-year, up 17% over last year's second quarter. The new business mix is consistent with prior quarters and remains balanced between sales, the new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. Our contract value growth also continues to benefit from our discipline of annual price increases and no discounting. We have increased our prices by 3% to 6% every year since 2005. We implemented a price increase during the fourth quarter of 2014 and we expect to do so again later this year.  Our new business growth reflects our success in growing the business by penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing client enterprises. As a result we ended the quarter with 9,956 client enterprises, up 9% over last year's second quarter. Our average spend for enterprise continues to increase on a FX neutral basis, again reflecting our ability to grow our contract value by driving growth in both new and existing enterprises. Sales productivity continues to improve as well. We are up 13% on a FX neutral basis as compared to last year. As we have detailed in past we calculate sales productivity as the net value contract increase what we call NCVI for account executives. We look at it on a rolling four quarter basis to eliminate seasonality and we use opening sales headcount as the period denominator. Over the last 12 months we grew our contract value by $205 million in FX neutral term. Using our Q2 2014 ending sales headcount of 1,787 as our beginning of period denominator yield NCVI per AE of $115,000 on a rolling four quarter basis. Again, that's a 13% improvement over second quarter last year when the comparable was $101,000 at constant currency rates. To sum up, we delivered another strong quart on our research business. Contract value growth again accelerated achieving 15% year-over-year growth. We continue to see strong demand from clients and our retention rates remain at all-time highs. Look forward, we have a very strong pipeline. Our headcount growth is accelerated. The programs we have in place to drive productivity around recruiting, training and tools are working. We anticipate continuing to improve sales productivity which positively impacts CV growth and research revenue growth over the long term. Turning now to Events. For the quarter our event segment continues to deliver strong year-over-year revenue growth. On a FX neutral basis events revenues increased 15% year-over-year. This was achieved despite three events being moved out of Q2 and into Q3. During the quarter we held 26 events with over -- with 17,107 attendees compared to 28 events with 16,594 attendees in the second quarter of 2014. In Q2 we launched new event for digital marketing leaders, which exceeded our expectations. On a same event and FX neutral basis, event revenues grew 19% with 16,554 attendees, a 7% increase compared to second quarter of last year. For the first quarter events revenue was up 14% over the prior year with 35 events versus 36 events in the same period last year. The gross contribution margin for events increased roughly 3 percentage points from second quarter year ago to 53%. On a year-to-date basis we improved gross contribution margin by approximately 3 points to 48%. Moving on to consulting, on a reported basis, revenues in consulting decreased 6% in second quarter and were up 2% FX neutral. In the quarter on a FX neutral basis, our labor based business grew by 1%. We also saw higher demands for contract optimization in the quarter than we had forecasted. As we've discussed in past, our contract optimization has a higher degree of variability than the other parts of the consulting business. The underlying operating metrics of the consulting business are also strong. On the labor base side, billable headcount of 564 was up 12% from this point in 2014. Second quarter annualized revenue for billable head count ended at $409,000 and utilization was 68%, a 2 point decline over the second quarter of last year. Across the entire consulting business we continue to see strong demand for our services and investing and managing partners is allowing us to capture that demand. We now have 100 managing partners, a 15% increase over second quarter 2014. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our consulting business, ended the quarter at $97 million. Backlog was impacted by FX rates and still represents a healthy four months of forward coverage. With the current backlog and visibility we have into the pipeline, we believe that consulting business remains well positioned for 2015. Moving down the income statement. SG&A increased by $90 million year-over-year during the second quarter, primarily driven by the growth in our sales force. As of June 30th we had 270 direct quota bearing sales associates, an increase of 283 or 16% from a year ago. For the full year, we expect to grow the sales force by 15% to 16%. In the second quarter, SG&A was higher as a percentage of revenues due to continued investments in our sales capacity and recruiting and training capabilities. Moving on to earnings, we delivered a solid quarter of earnings growth. Normalized EBITDA was $110 million in the second quarter up 5% year-over-year on a reported basis and 12% on a FX neutral basis. GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.61, up 5% year-over-year and a penny higher than the Q2 guidance range we provided on the last call. Our Q2 2015 GAAP diluted earnings per share include $0.04 in amortization and other costs associated with our acquisitions.  Excluding acquisition related charges our EPS grew 2% to $0.65 in the second quarter. The FX impact on earnings and EPS was similar to the FX impact on normalized EBITDA. Turning now to cash, first half operating cash flow decreased by 2% to $149 million from first half last year, largely due to a stronger U.S. dollar and higher incentive and tax payments. We continue to expect to achieve the guidance we set for the full year. During the second quarter, we continue to utilize our cash to return value back to shareholders through share repurchases. In the quarter we had share repurchases of $117 million. Year to date we have repurchased $441 million of our shares. Share repurchases and strategic acquisitions are primary uses of capital. We recently announced we had purchased Barcelona based Nubera e-business. This small acquisition occurred in July so it does impact Q2 results. Nubera operates a site called GetApp which is complimentary to the software advice and match to one of our core value proposition helping people in businesses of all sizes make the right technology decisions. We were able to use foreign cash to fund the purchase. The terms of the deal have not been disclosed, but it should be noted that this acquisition was substantially smaller than the Software Advice acquisition last year. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet and cash position despite the pace of share repurchases. As of June 30, we had had gross debt of $715 million and cash of $358 million, with 94% of the cash balance located outside of the U.S. This now represents a net debt position of $357 million. Our current credit facility runs through 2019 and gives us ample liquidity to continue to grow our business and executive initiatives that drive shareholder value. As of June 30, we had $776 million available on our revolver. We continue to look for attractive acquisition opportunities as a potential use of cash. We also continue to believe that repurchasing our shares remains a compelling use of our capital. As of June 30, we had $1.2 billion available under our share repurchase authorization. Turning now to guidance, given our performance on a year to date basis and the fact that we have performed as expected, we are reiterating our revenue, normalized EBITDA, free cash flow, GAAP EPS and normalized EPS guidance. All the details of our guidance are contained in the press release. Highlights of our guidance include FX neutral total revenue growth of 12% to 15%, FX neutral research revenue growth of 14% to 16%. FX neutral normalized EBITDA growth of 10% to 17%. Our GAAP EPS guidance also remains unchanged at $2.11 to $2.30 per share. Our guidance for EPS excluding acquisition and integration charges is to be between $2.27 and $2.46 per share, FX neutral growth of approximately 7% to 16% over 2014. For the third quarter we expect GAAP EPS to be in range of $0.36 to $0.38 per share. Acquisition and integration charges for Q3 are expected to be approximately $0.04 per share. The third quarter is historically one of our smaller revenue and earnings quarter. This will be true again in 2015. So before taking your questions, let me summarize. We delivered another strong quarter in Q2. Demand for our services is robust and as a result, our research contract value growth rate end with 15%. Our key business metrics remain strong and in fact many most notably: retention, CV growth and sales productivity continue to improve or are at/or near all-time highs. We will continue to invest in our business both organically and through acquisitions and return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program going forward. Finally, with 15% growth in contract value in the second quarter of 2015, we remain well-positioned to deliver another solid year of revenue and earnings growth for the full year 2015.  Now I will turn the call back over to the operator, and we will be happy you to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Timothy McHugh from William Blair. Please go ahead. 
Timothy McHugh: Thank you. I guess, just -- I haven't had had time to crunch the math, you just kind of give the color about Q3. But the implication of that would be you need to see some fairly strong margin improvement in Q4 probably I guess to get you in line with your range. And I understand, you know, all of the kind of forward-looking metrics look great and consistent with your trends. But can you help us, is there something happening in terms of the phasing of expenses this year that makes that year-over-year improvement particularly significant in Q4. 
Eugene Hall: Thanks, Tim. Good morning. So there's really two things going on. One is Q4 is historically our largest quarter both from a revenue and from an earnings perspective and 2015 Q4 will be no different than past Q4. I think what we are seeing is two things. One is we have got great strength as we head into the balance of the year and we do expect, you know, to deliver to our full year guidance. The other thing is as we have talked about in the past, the return to normal trends for our contract optimization business actually depressed margins in the first half of the year, and we expect it to return to historical trends in the second half. And so we get what looks like to be a bump from that, but it is actually just a return back to normal. 
Timothy McHugh: Okay, that's helpful. Then, the gross margin for the research business, you had been seeing declines for a couple of quarters there and a reverse to the positive side this quarter. Is there something that changed or something more positive happening underneath there?
Eugene Hall: You know, Tim, I think we managed to a long term target of 70% gross contribution margin on the research business. We're in fact right at 70%. We are actually up a point year-over-year. I think what you see quarter-to-quarter is a little bit of noise. We are managing to that 70% level and we expect to deliver roughly in that range over the long term. 
Timothy McHugh: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler from Baird. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Meuler: Good morning. On research productivity, I know it continues to increase or sales productivity now continues to increase year over year and you are talking about it continuing to go higher still. But if I look at the last couple of quarters, I think it has declined slightly on a sequential basis. Obviously we can only see the LTL metric. You have better visibility into quarterly trends. What gives you confidence in the increase and where are you at with rolling out some of the programs that were initially piloted more broadly?
Craig Safian: Thanks, Jeff. I will take the first part of the question and Gene will take the second part of the question. The way we look at sales productivity, we actually think best way to look at progress, because we do it on a rolling four quarter basis, is to look at it on a year-over-year basis. That eliminates the seasonality and also, with Q3 and Q4 generally being our larger quarters, it is harder to move the needle in the smaller quarters like Q1 and Q2. And so what gives us confidence is for the last three quarters, we have seen really nice year-over-year improvements on that rolling four quarter sales productivity. 
Eugene Hall: It is Gene. And the improvements as you related to are being are driven by the underlying changes we are making improving recruiting. So we have a series of programs that are designed to make sure we really recruit people to have the perfect fit for Gartner. Those are getting better all the time. We are not standing still. The second thing we are doing is making sure we have great training programs. Again those have gotten better all the time. We have continued improvement. And then, an improved set of tools that drives sales productivity as well.  And you've noted, we've had -- part of our strategy is continuous improvement and continuous innovation in all these areas. We have had some things in pilot that are now being rolled out and they are doing great. Other things in pilot now that will be rolled out next year, that will continue to driver sales productivity. So as Craig said, its the underlying changes we are making that drive the sales productivity and because of the improvement -- the continuing improvements that we have and expect to have next year in recruiting, training and tools, we expect the sales productivity improvements to continue to grow over time. 
Jeff Meuler: Is it too early to get a read into symposium registration in the major markets US, Europe, et cetera and especially how our CIO registrations trending if it is not too early?
Eugene Hall: It is not too early and when I would say it's our -- the trending is where we would expect it to be for that business. So we are trending exactly where we would expect it to be. 
Jeff Meuler: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Anjaneya Singh from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Anjaneya Singh: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First off, I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about your Nubera acquisition. It seems you're starting to develop more of a presence here catering to smaller and mid-size businesses which is a bit of a shift from your traditional focus on larger enterprises. Now that it has been a year or over a year with software advice, you have got two acquisitions in this space, can you share any updated thoughts and views on the market opportunity here and the competitive landscape?
Craig Safian: So, great question Anj. So first in our traditional business, we have sold at least one seat out of 110,000 enterprise that is we target and we think that there's a north of $58 billion opportunity and our business today as you know is 1.6 billion in that market. So, there is huge -- incredible growth opportunities in our traditional business and we're going to continue going aggressively after that. Having said that, that's 110,000 largest companies, enterprises in the 95 countries we are in. There's tens of millions of small businesses that are great opportunities as well where our traditional business is not best way to serve them. We bought Software Advice last year which has very innovative and great way to serve that model. Nubera is in the -- is a similar kind of business. They're slightly differentiated and we think complimentary to Software Advice to help serve those tens of millions of small businesses that they have the right model to serve which our traditional business is more tuned to serving those top 110,000. 
Anjaneya Singh: Got it. And then another question-- shifting gears a little bit to consulting, the head count growth in consulting at 12% it seems to be about the fastest growth we have seen in about five years. I'm wondering if you can talk about what you are seeing in your business that's driving that and when we may expect to see that translate to consulting revenue.
Craig Safian: Sure, Anj. It is Craig. Two prime things driven the headcount growth. One is our continued growth in investments in managing partners and so as you just heard we are now at 100 managing partners which is up 15% year-over-year. The second thing which is a little bit of an apples and oranges thing is last year we acquired one of our sales agents and we had typically treated those consultants as subcontractors. When we did the acquisition, they came on to our books and so actually significant portion of our growth on year-over-year basis relates to just that acquisition. The good news when you look at the consulting business going forward is given that investments in managing partners, given the quality of our backlog and also given the way the pipeline looks, we have had some confidence in bringing in additional people to basically fulfill on that backlog. And so we are very pleased with where we are from a consulting perspective, backlog and revenue and we expect to hit our full year guidance in that business. 
Anjaneya Singh: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik from Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst: This is [Ryan] [ph] filling in for Manav. Just a question on the M&A pipeline, given you mentioned a lot of your cash sits overseas, should we be thinking that most of the deals would be focused on the international space or there are still assets in the US that you find attractive?
Eugene Hall: There are asset the U.S. and the assets outside of U.S. as well and we are looking at both markets. So you shouldn't take it as we are focused on one or other. We are focused on both. And there's great opportunities on both. 
Unidentified Analyst: Fair enough. And one of your peers reported yesterday kind of discussed a lot of difficulty in hiring and you are obviously talking about 15% to 16%. With the labor markets getting significantly better than they were a year ago, what gives you the confidence that you are finding the right people and could you talk attrition a little bit?
Eugene Hall: So, Gartner is - , we are a leader in the technology industry. It is a very cool industry to be in. We are by any metric, if you can class store et cetera, a great place to work and have a great reputation in the marketplace. Because of this tremendous reputation we have and also because we have a world-class recruiting organization, the -- we dont have trouble hiring people. In fact you saw this quarter actually our sales hiring accelerated this quarter. In addition to that, we don't just track a number of people, we actually look have track metrics indicate that fit that we -- of the people we hire. One might call it quality. We think of as the fit of the people we hire. And not only did our growth rate accelerate, but the actual forward-looking metrics on the fit of the people we are hiring now we just brought in at this 600 pace are the best ever. That keeps getting better over time. And so we are -- because Gartner is such a great place to work with, in a great industry, we are -- have a great recruiting organization, we are able to attract great people and at an accelerating rate. In terms of at attrition, our attrition is in the normal range, in range it has been in the past. 
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks and just one quick one for Craig--the number of events for this year, are they still around 65?
Craig Safian: Yes. That is correct. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andre Benjamin from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Andre Benjamin: Thank you, good morning. First in research, I was wondering if you are seeing any new competitive threats? Any established smaller players launching new products, improving their quality or potentially paying up to try to take some associates from you. If you are, what are you doing to combat that? If you are not, why do you think that is given the size of the tam that's in front of you --you would think more people would be trying to be competitive and go after it
Eugene Hall: We live in a very competitive marketplace. There are lots of competitors. There are new innovators all the time. That has been true forever and we don't, you know, we don't stand idly by. We track competitors, we also play part many times in the past. Part of  a core element of our strategy is continuous improvement and continuous innovation. We every year introduce new products. We don't rely rest of the worlds we basically --because innovation is central to our strategy we are constantly improving getting better, stronger, faster every year with new products that are appealing to the most important things in the marketplace today. So while we have today a very competitive marketplace with a lot of innovators and we always have, and we have always done very well because we are aware of this, we respect for them. We innovate to stay ahead and we are committed to continue to do that. 
Andre Benjamin: And consulting, now that you have hit the goal that you had previously laid out of 100 managing partners, should we expect the growth in that number of partners to slow? As the count has grown, are there any innovations in consulting worth calling out that you expect to drive new growth or simply a matter of blocking and tackling with more bodies to drive business?
Eugene Hall: Andre on the managing partner front, so we are very pleased that we have reached 100. That's actually not the long-term target for us. As our consulting business continues to grow, we will continue to bring on more managing partners to support and drive that business. And so you shouldn't think of 100 as the finish line by any stretch of the imagination. We will continue to grow the managing partner business to continue to support and drive growth on a long-term basis. 
Craig Safian: And regarding to second part of your question, in our consulting business we have the same strategy of continuous improvement and continuous innovation as we do across the entire business. And that business, you know the service is based on whats most important from our research organization. So, by knowing what's important to client on things like digital best practices the consultants then can apply that in the consulting space and so you shouldn't think that its, we are just adding more managing partners. Actually service lines are quite dynamic and innovate over time. And that's what is driving the success of that business. 
Andre Benjamin: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi from Janney. Please go ahead. 
Joseph Foresi: Hi. I was wondering if you could talk about contract-value growth here for a second. You have obviously moved up to this 15% level which is very healthy but what should we expect going forward? Is this something that you think you can continue to build on? If you do think you can continue to build on it, what are the chief drivers from this point forward?
Eugene Hall: Its Gene. So the two things that drive contract value are our sales productivity and the number of sales people we have. And as I have talked about before, in terms of sales productivity we have a number of programs in place and we continue to innovative on those -- those programs and others other to drive sales productivity. And in fact, as Craig mentioned, we are seeing sales productivity improve and thats because of this. That's the first thing that drives contract value growth. The second one is the actual size of sales force. And as I mentioned before -- as Craig mentioned, we have accelerated the growth rate in our sales force as well. So both of those two things are the kind of forward-looking metrics you would expect to indicate that we can continue to grow our sales force over time, so continue to grow contract value over time, in fact at an ever kind of increasing rate. 
Craig Safian: And Joe, if you go back to our Investor Day materials, it was actually flat. That lays out the way we think about it in simple terms which is modest improvements in sales productivity coupled with 15 or 15 plus percent head growth, what that equates to in terms of contract value growth. And so that's why we have said long-term our target is 15 to 20% from a research contract value growth perspective and again its that combination of growing sales headcount and continued improvement to sales productivity. 
Joseph Foresi: I guess what I was trying to focus on was it seems like you rolled out the new training aspect of the sales force to a number of different regions and you got a nice little kick on contract-value growth. So, outside of the standard two metrics that you pointed out, I was wondering if there was anything else that you were currently working on that you thought might bring you to that next level? Is there anything else that you could point to?
Eugene Hall: So, Joe, there's -- in terms of sales productivity, we have many programs too numerous to name right here and some are -- have been rolled out, some are in pilot and some are being developed. And they all fall into the three categories I talked about, either improved recruiting, meaning our ability to target the people that have the skills to be most successfully at Gartner and have highest productivity. We are getting better at that time all the time. The second thing you mentioned is training. In fact, we had major improvement to our training which we are in the process, were not quite finished rolling it around the world. I'm sorry we just finished rolling around the world, so you wouldn't actually seen the full impact of that. And of course because that's rolled out we have other improvements in training behind that and we will have training improvements behind that as well. And then thirdly, again we have a set of -- we are continually improving our tool sets as well. And again we another -- we have a major new improvement for sales tools particularly for new sales people that were at the beginning of the roll out for as an example we will continue with. And again, when that's rolled out we will have another thing behind that. One way to think about it is we have version two, version three, version four, version five. We dont ever kind of just say, well we've got to version two and we are done and that's how we want to drive sales productivity over time. 
Joseph Foresi: Okay. Then the last question for me, obviously we have started to max out on the margin profile and the research business. You have been taking on some acquisitions which would obviously, create some level of dilution. Maybe you could talk about you how you feel about the margin profile over a longer period of time. Is there still room for expansion, there might be just a little bit? How do you balance that versus some of the acquisitions that you are looking at?
Eugene Hall: Thanks, Joe. The way -- what we are really, really laser focused on is accelerating our growth rates in research which is our most profitable business. It has the best flow through and really drives significant improvements to gross contribution margins. And so we are 100% laser focused on, as we just talked about, improving and accelerating research contract value growth which then translates into research revenue growth and total company revenue growth.  As we accelerate and drive research contract value into the 16%, 17%, you know, potentially 18%, 19% range, there is absolutely margin potential and upside there. But we are very focused on making sure that the investments we put into the business whether it is new sales people, new tools, better recruiting, better training are actually supporting and driving long-term sustainable really accelerated growth and research contract value. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Abbott from Piper Jaffrey. Please go ahead. 
Peter Abbott: Thanks, good morning. Craig, just sticking on the margin leverage question for a second-- you had four consecutive quarters of some pretty impressive productivity gain. I am just wondering why that isn't flowing through to better margins. What's the disconnect?
Craig Safian: So no real disconnect, Peter. We have improved our sales productivity and we are at roughly 15% contract value growth. As we have talked about in past, the margin unlocks or there's more margin potential unlocking as we accelerate research contract value at an even greater rate, so that's number one. Number two there's always going to be a lag in terms of the productivity and research contract value actually converting into revenue and profit on a roll forward basis. So I think it is the combination of those two things. When we think about the business again, we reiterated, reaffirmed our guidance for the full year and there's a margin expectation built into that guidance. Thats what we are managing to and you know, thats where we are on a year to date basis. But again, as I mentioned to Joe on the last question, we are really laser focused on how do we continue to accelerate sales productivity so that we can accelerate research contract value growth. 
Peter Abbott: Would that suggest, Craig, that you would be not put words in your mouth here but more optimistic about the potential for some margin upside in 2016 as you carry forward these productivity gains you have seen in the past year?
Craig Safian: So Peter, were obviously were talking about 2015. We have talked about guidance for 2015. We are not at a point where we are discussing 2016 yet. 
Peter Abbott: Got it. And then this is a little bit nitpicky, but you talked about contract-value growth accelerating 15%. And the number you reported last quarter was 15. So is it just some sort of rounding thing?
Craig Safian: If you took it out an extra decimal point, there is acceleration. 
Peter Abbott: Okay, great. Can you talk at all about how you're thinking about the pace of buyback activity? You have been, obviously, pretty aggressive here in the first half. Does it suggest you are accelerating the pace of buybacks versus what you laid out initially?
Craig Safian: So, you know, on a year to date basis, we have repurchased $441 million of our shares this year. Last quarter when we announced that $1.2 billion authorization, what we said was we expect that to last us 2.5 to 3 years. That's basically the guidance around share repurchases. 
Peter Abbott: Right. Well, you are pacing well ahead of that, obviously, in terms of completing it in two to three years. So your response is-- no, you are not changing your expectation around pacing which can might imply slower repurchase activity in the second half?
Craig Safian: So, Peter, what I would say is we are not changing the statement around two and a half to three years $1.2 billion authorization. As always, business conditions may dictate slower, faster, what have you? But our -- what we are reiterating is that $1.2 billion authorization should last us roughly two and a half year to three years. 
Peter Abbott: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Gary Bisbee from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst : Good morning. This is [Gunter Anthony] [ph] in for Gary. Thinking beyond this year with the some of gains in productivity and positive comments around hiring, pipeline and some of your improved training capabilities, is it safe to assume or to think that you might move to the higher end of your long-term 15% to 20% sales headcount hiring range?
Eugene Hall: It is Gene. So the -- we would clearly rather be at the high end of that range than at the low end of the range. We set the range because as we talked about the -- the pace of hiring depend on the readiness we have -- of our first level managers be able to absorb all the new people. And so we had much rather be at the high end of that range. And that's certainly our objective. 
Unidentified Analyst : Okay, great. Just to clarify the 36 to 38 Q3 EPS guidance that's for GAAP and there there's a $0.04 acquisition charge. Is that the way to think about it? 
Craig Safian: That's accurate, yes. 
Unidentified Analyst : Okay. And then lastly just to follow up, the 14% constant currency research revenue growth, was there any contribution from M&A, if so could you quantify that?
Craig Safian: We had software advice for the full quarter last year and the full quarter this year. So the comp is actually accurate. So no benefit from M&A. 
Unidentified Analyst : Great. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Jeffrey Silber: I hate to go back to the margin issue, but in looking at third quarter--not sure if my math is right, but it looks like we're going to have another quarter of margins being down over year and that was despite the fact that you had said the contract optimization issue hopefully will be less of an issue in the quarter. And I think you shifted, or at least up from a calendar perspective we have got three more events this year shifting from Q2 to Q3. Can you just confirm that? Are you expecting margins to be down year over year again in the third quarter. And, if so, why?
Eugene Hall: So, Jeff, what I would tell you is things move around from quarter-to-quarter on a year-over-year basis. I would focus on the full year where, you know, if you take different ranges of the guidance, you can kind of get, you know, see roughly flat margins on the full year basis, is what our guidance roughly implies. Again, things are going to move around from quarter-to-quarter. The expectation for Q3 there's obviously more stuff going on than just two events moving or three events moving out of Q2 and into Q3. But I would focus in on that full year margin number. 
Jeffrey Silber: Okay, fair enough. If I could just go back to the second-quarter consulting results, you mentioned average analyze revenue for billable headcount being down about 10% or so. I'm assuming FX has an impact and contract optimization, I think would have an impact, as well. Was there anything else going on in there to cause that decline?
Eugene Hall: So Jeff the contract optimization wouldn't be baked into that number. FX will have a pretty significant impact on that number as our consulting business is very global with a significant portion of the revenues being generated in currencies outside of the U.S. dollar. The other piece there is there was a, you know, a 2 point dip in utilization rate which we talked about, which would obviously also impact that annualized revenue for per billable headcount. 
Jeffrey Silber: So would that number have been up on a FX neutral basis? 
Eugene Hall: That number would have been slightly down on a FX neutral basis, largely driven by
Jeffrey Silber: All right. Thanks so much for the color.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Bill Warmington from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
William Warmington: Good morning, everyone. So I have got a question for you on a couple of the acquisitions that you have done in terms of software advice and Nubera. One these, I don't know if you want to call them self-service or definitely a lower labor base content model. As you look out, how large of a percentage of revenue do you think they could be? And ultimately what do you think that's going to do in terms of your potential to take the margins up above where they are now?
Eugene Hall: All right. So these are small businesses. They're great businesses but they're small businesses. So we don't see it having a big impact now. And Craig you want to talk about the future? 
Craig Safian: I mean, you know, we are in this business and we have bought these businesses because we think they can be meaningful businesses but as Gene just mentioned very small nascent, if you will, but we will be focused on growing them. The key for us, as Gene, I think mentioned earlier, is we still have this enormous market opportunity on the organic business. So even if we grow these new businesses at an accelerated rate, it is our absolute expectation that the core business will also continue to grow at an accelerated rate and so maybe becomes a bigger piece, but of a larger pie over the long-term. 
William Warmington: It would seem like the opportunity there would to be to basically build a larger portfolio of these types of businesses over time. Is that part of the plan, or are you just going to keep them to a relatively small percentage of total?
Eugene Hall: So again we think there's tens of millions of small businesses, we to serve those businesses just like we do the larger businesses and really grow it at the rate that makes sense to grow it, to serve that marketplace. 
William Warmington: Got it. All right. Thank you very much. 
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Gene Hall for closing remarks. 
Eugene Hall: Thanks all of you for joining us today. Let me summarize some of the key points of the call. So first, we are doing great as a company. We are where we expect to be at this point of the year and all of our underlying metrics are strong. We continue to invest and improve recruiting capability, training tools that drive sales productivity. Our FX natural CV growth accelerated modesty. We may committed to enhance these shareholder value through investing in our business, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases and we are getting better, stronger, faster all the time. I expect to see robust growth for years to come. We look forward to updating you again at our next quarterly earnings call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Thank you very much and have a very good day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-10 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Shipman - Group VP of IR Eugene A. Hall - CEO Craig Safian - CFO and SVP
Analysts: Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company Jeffrey Meuler - Robert W. Baird Anjaneya Singh - Credit Suisse Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott Manav Patnaik - Barclays Jason Anderson - Stifel Nicolaus John Crowther - Piper Jaffray Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Henry Chien - BMO Capital Markets Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets Bill Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Gartner's Earning Conference Call for the First Quarter 2015. A replay of this call will be available through May 14, 2015. The replay can be accessed by dialing 888-286-8010 for domestic calls and 617-801-6888 for international calls and by entering the passcode 16886645. This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be archived on Gartner's website at www.gartner.com for approximately 90 days. On this call today is Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall, and Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. Before beginning please be aware that certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from the actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2014 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. The company undertakes no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. I will now turn the conference over to Gene Hall. Please go ahead, sir.
Eugene A. Hall: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first earnings call for 2015. Well we are doing great as a company. We're where we expected to be at this point in the year and all of our underlying metrics are strong. I will review all of our operating metrics on an FX neutral basis. For the first quarter of 2015 contract value accelerated to 15% and total company revenues grew 12%. We achieved double-digit contract value growth in every region, every industry and every company size. The continued successful execution of our proven strategy was central to our success. The momentum we saw in 2014 continued into 2015, and we continue to get bigger, stronger faster every year. Across our three businesses, Research, our largest and most profitable segment, grew both revenues and contract value 15% in the first quarter of 2015, continuing our 19-quarter trend of double digit contract value growth. Retention was strong. For the first quarter of 2015 enterprise client retention was at 85%, up one point for the same quarter of 2014. Enterprise wallet retention was 106%, which is up two points over Q1 2014. Our retention metrics remain at all-time highs. Sales productivity remained strong. For Q1 sales productivity was up 12%, compared to Q1 2014. We continue to invest in opportunities that will drive further advancements in this area. Our labor-based Consulting was up 5%, while our contract optimization returned to historic norms as expected, which was down compared to the exceptional year we had in 2014. Our Events business also delivered a strong first quarter. In Q1, 2015 we drove a revenue increase of 11% year-over-year and attendee growth of 20%. As with other global companies, the strengthening U.S. dollar impacted our reported results which Craig will detail in a moment. We continue to deliver value back to our shareholders through share repurchase. Year-to-date we repurchased over $400 million in outstanding shares. And with the previous authorization fully exhausted we are excited to announce a new share repurchase authorization of $1.2 billion. Another reason our business is so successful is our people. At the heart of it, Gartner is a people business. We are attracting the best talent in the industry, in strategic locations around the world and getting them up to speed quickly. I recently spent a few days meeting with our top performing sales associates from around the world, and they have never been more excited about the technology revolution and our opportunity. Our sales associates consistently report that our clients value our services for whether they are growing or facing budget cuts. We continue to invest in our sales force to further capture our vast market opportunity and we know how to drive improvements in sales productivity. Our industry-leading analysts coupled with the world-class products and services and strong sales capabilities have driven our consistently strong results. We ended 2014 in a great position, and we carried that momentum into 2015. I couldn't be more excited about Gartner. The insights we create, the advice we deliver and the overall experience for our customers has never been better. We add tremendous value to our clients, whether they're growing or facing economic challenges, and we know how to be successful in any economic environment. Retention rates remain at all-time highs. We had double digit growth in every region, every industry and every company size and our operating metrics have never been better and we remain committed to enhancing shareholder value through investing in our business, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. We are better, stronger, faster as a company and I expect to see robust growth for years to come. With that I would like to hand the call over to Craig.
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene and good morning everyone. Gartner's first quarter continued the growth in momentum we experienced over the course of 2014 with accelerating growth in contract value and ongoing improvements to our retention metrics. Our performance in Q1 puts us where we expected to be and we are reiterating our previously issued full year guidance which I will discuss in detail in a few minutes. Our Q1 performance highlights are as follows: FX neutral contract value growth once again accelerated, achieving 15% growth for the quarter and retention rates matched our all-time highs. Our Events business increased revenues by 11% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis. As we expected, Consulting revenues were impacted by lower contract optimization revenues and declined by 3% on an FX neutral basis for the quarter. Demand for our services was robust across all of our business segments in the first quarter. Our business continues to deliver strong growth, quarter after quarter, year after year. We are engaged on our clients most important initiatives and projects. The consistency of our strong retention metrics demonstrates the value and importance our clients receive from our products and services. In both existing and prospect accounts we are finding new IT, supply chain and marketing professionals to sell to everyday. We remain confident that we will continue to deliver consistent revenue growth and strong financial performance over the long term. And we continue to drive shareholder value through our share repurchase program. In the first quarter we spent $324 million on share repurchases and as of earlier this week, we had spent well over $400 million year-to-date, fully utilizing our $800 million authorization. As a result we announced in today's earnings release that our Board of Directors authorized a new $1.2 billion share repurchase program. I will now provide a review of our three business segments for the first quarter and will end with the details of our outlook for the second quarter and remainder of 2015 before taking your questions. But before doing to so I do want to note that the strengthening U.S. dollar has continued to impact our reported results. Just about every currency we operate in is weaker against the U.S. dollar when compared to last year. I will address the impact of foreign exchange in each business segment as I speak about them. Starting with our Research business. Research revenue grew 9% on an as-reported basis and 15% on an FX neutral basis in the first quarter. Acquisitions from 2014 added approximately two points to our organic growth rate in Q1. The contribution margin for Research was 70% in the first quarter, matching our gross contribution margin target for this segment. The other key Research business metrics also remained strong. Contract value grew to $1.562 billion, a growth rate of 11% year-over-year on a reported basis and 15% on an FX neutral basis. This reflects continued acceleration from the last several quarters, when our FX neutral contract value growth ranged between 12% and 14%. As has been true in just about every quarter over the past several years our growth in contract value in Q1 was extremely broad-based with every region, every client size and every industry segment growing at double digit rates. As we discussed at Investor Day, we revalue our contract value each year based upon then prevailing FX rates. We do this to provide better transparency and FX neutral comparability for this important measure. Our December 2014 ending contract value at current year FX rates was $1.550 billion and our Q1 2014 CV was $1.363 billion. The acceleration in our contract value growth was driven by improvements to both our retention rates and our new business. Client retention ended the quarter at 85%, up a point versus the same quarter of last year and maintaining the historical high we achieved in Q4 2014. Wallet retention ended at 106% in the first quarter, a two point uptick over last year's first quarter. This was the sixth consecutive quarter of sequential improvement in wallet retention. Wallet retention is higher than client retention due to increased spending by retained clients and the fact that we retain a higher percentage of our larger clients. To eliminate seasonality, our retention metrics are reported on a rolling four quarter basis. New business again increased significantly year-over-year, up 20% over last year's first quarter. The new business mix is consistent with prior quarters and remained balanced between sales and new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. Our contract value growth also continues to benefit from our discipline of annual price increases and no discounting. We have increased our prices by 3% to 6% every year since 2005 and we will do it again in 2015. We also continue to see strong volume growth in our new business. This reflects our success in continuing to grow the business by penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing client enterprises. As a result we ended the quarter with 9,837 client enterprises, up 8% over last year's first quarter. Our average spend for enterprise continues to increase on an FX neutral basis, again reflecting our ability to grow our contract value by driving growth in both new and existing enterprises. We have also continued to see improvements to our sales productivity. Our year-over-year comparisons have been impacted by foreign exchange, so we will provide you with the FX neutral results for comparability as well. As weve detailed in the past we calculate sales productivity as the net contract value increase, what we call NCVI per account executive. We look at it on a rolling four quarter basis to eliminate seasonality and we use opening sales head count as the period denominator. Over the last 12 months, we grew our contract value by $199 million in FX neutral terms. Using our Q1, 2014 ending sales headcount of 1,698 as our beginning period denominator, yields NCVI per AE of $117,000 on a rolling four quarter basis, a 12% improvement over first quarter last year, when the comparable figure was $104,000. Our Q1 2015 productivity is roughly flat to Q4, 2014 on an FX neutral basis. To sum up we delivered another strong quarter in our research business. Contract value growth accelerated to 15% as we expected. We continue to see strong demand from clients, our retention rates remain at all-time highs and we anticipate continued accelerate in productivity, contract value and revenue growth over the long term. Turning now to Events, the first quarter is a historical light quarter for our Events business and the FX impact to this segment was magnified by the fact that eight of the nine Events held in the quarter occurred outside of the U.S. and generated revenues in currencies impacted by the strengthened U.S. dollar. On an FX neutral basis, Event's revenues increased 11% year-over-year, and the operating metrics remained very strong. During the quarter, we held nine events with 4,065 attendees compared to eight events with 3,394 attendees in the first quarter of 2014. On a same event and FX neutral basis, Events revenues grew 9% with 3,805 attendees, a 12% increase compared to first quarter of last year. The gross contribution margin for Events of 18% for Q1 decreased roughly three percentage points from the first quarter a year ago, again reflecting the FX impact of having eight of the nine events outside of the U.S. and the fact that, it is a very small events quarter. The underlying metrics of our Events business remained strong and the business is well positioned to deliver another year of FX neutral double-digit revenue growth in 2015. Moving on to Consulting; on a reported basis, revenues in Consulting decreased 9% in the first quarter as we expected. This result was driven by a combination of FX impact and the return to historical norms in our contract optimization business. In the quarter, on an FX neutral basis, our labor based business grew by 5%, while total consulting revenues decreased 3%, reflecting the impact of the return to more normal trending in our contract optimization business. The underlying operating metrics of our Consulting business are also very strong. On the labor based side, billable head count of 547 was up 7% from the first quarter of 2014. First quarter utilization was 67%, a three point improvement over first quarter of last year. And annualized revenue per billable head count ended the quarter at $404,000, a 1% FX neutral improvement over Q1 of last year. As we have discussed in the past, our contract optimization practice has more variability than the other parts of our Consulting business. In last year's first quarter we saw exceptionally high performance from this part of the consulting business. In Q1 2015 we returned to our historical norms which impacted the year-over-year comparison metrics on both revenues and gross contribution for Consulting. Across the entire Consulting business we continue to see strong demand for our services and our strategy of investing in managing partners is allowing us to capture that demand. We now have 96 managing partners, an increase of 14% from a year ago. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our Consulting business, ended the quarter at $101 million. Backlog was also impacted by FX rates and still represents a healthy four months of coverage. With the current backlog and visibility we have into the pipeline we believe the Consulting business remains well positioned for 2015. Moving down the income statement, SG&A increased by $25 million year-over-year during the first quarter, primarily driven by the growth in our sales force. As of March 31, we had 1,933 quota-bearing sales associates, an increase of 235 or 14% from a year ago. For the full year, we expect to grow the sales force by roughly 15%. In the first quarter, SG&A was higher as a percent of revenues due to Q1 being one of our seasonally smaller revenue quarters as well as continued investments in our sales capacity and recruiting and training capabilities. Moving on to earnings, normalized EBITDA was $81 million in the first quarter, a 5% decrease year-over-year on a reported basis. Normalized EBITDA, excluding the impact of FX increased 3% in the quarter. It is important to note that our Q1 EBITDA was affected by two primary items, both of which we included in our guidance. First, the roughly eight-point impact from a stronger U.S. dollar, and second, as I just mentioned, Q1 of 2014 was an exceptionally strong quarter for our contract optimization business. As expected, that business returned to more historical norms in the current quarter. Absent those two items EBITDA growth would have been approximately 9% in the first quarter. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.32, within the guidance range we provided to you in February. Our Q1, 2015 GAAP diluted earnings per share includes $0.05 in amortization and other costs associated with our acquisitions. Excluding acquisition-related charges, our normalized EPS was $0.37 in the first quarter. As you would expect FX and the anticipated return to historical norms in our contract optimization business impacted our EPS results as well. Our first quarter EPS figures were impacted by foreign exchange in two primary ways, first the impact on EBITDA that I just mentioned and second the impact on our tax rate for the quarter. As we have discussed in the past, our tax rate is sensitive to the mix of geographic earnings, with the stronger U.S. dollar, the proportional mix of geographic earnings from higher tax jurisdictions caused the effective tax rate to increase. Our tax rate for Q1 is within the guidance range we discussed last quarter. Turning now to cash, operating cash flow decreased to $6 million during the first three months of 2015 versus $16 million in the same period a year ago largely due to a stronger U.S. dollar and higher incentive and tax payments in the first quarter. The first quarter is seasonally the lightest of the year for operating cash flow and we still expect to achieve the guidance we set for the full year. During the first quarter, we continued to utilize our cash to return value back to shareholders through share repurchases. In the quarter we repurchased over 4.1 million shares and we used approximately $324 million of cash for share repurchases. Through this week, we have spent well over $400 million, fully utilizing our $800 million authorization. We are pleased to announce a newly approved $1.2 billion share repurchase program which will allow us to continue to deliver value back to our shareholders in a consistent and effective way. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet and cash position, despite the more aggressive pace of share repurchases. As of March 31, we had gross debt of $665 million and cash of $282 million, with 96% of our cash balance located outside of the U.S. Importantly, this now represents a net debt position of $383 million. As you know, weve put an expanded credit facility in place in December of 2014. This runs through 2019 and gives us ample liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive shareholder value. As of March 31 we had $832 million available on our revolver. We continue to look for attractive acquisition opportunities as a potential use of cash. We also continue to believe that repurchasing our shares remains a compelling use of our capital. Turning now to the guidance, as you saw in our press release our guidance remains unchanged from February. Q1 is a lighter quarter for us, but our performance was as expected, which allows us to reiterate our previously issued guidance. Our 2015 guidance still expects total revenues of $2.150 billion to $2.205 billion. This is FX neutral growth of 12% to 15%. Projected revenues by segment on an as-reported basis can be found in our press release. On an FX neutral basis our guidance remains as follows: Research revenue to be up 14% to 16% versus the prior year; Consulting revenue to be flat to up 6% over 2014. This guidance again assumes that the contract optimization practice within Consulting returns to its historical levels of revenue, which is negatively impacting the Consulting guidance. We expect the labor based portion of Consulting to grow in the mid-single-digits; and Events revenue to be up 11% to 18% over 2014. We still expect EBITDA growth of 10% to 17% over 2014, on an FX neutral basis. Our GAAP EPS guidance remains $2.11 to $2.30 per share. While we now anticipate a lower share count from our accelerated repurchase activity in Q1 and Q2, we also expect higher interest and other costs. While the accelerated pace of repurchases, including incremental interest expense, benefits our 2015 outlook, our projected EPS remained within our original guidance range, which is why we have reiterated our EPS guidance as well. As a reminder, GAAP EPS includes $0.16 to $0.17 per share of acquisition-related charges for the full year of 2015. Our guidance for EPS excluding acquisition and integration charges is to be between $2.27 and $2.46 per share, FX neutral growth of approximately 7% to 16% over 2014. For the upcoming second quarter we expect GAAP EPS of $0.56 to $0.60, including $0.04 per share of acquisition and integration charges. Our Q2 guidance is impacted by foreign exchange rates, a higher projected tax rate and the return to trend for our contract optimization business. Since we gave our original guidance in early February, the U.S. dollar has continued to strengthen. Our current guidance takes into account the most recent foreign exchange rates. So before taking your questions, let me is summarize. We delivered strong results for the seasonally light first quarter of 2015. Demand for our services is robust and as a result, our research contract value growth rate accelerated again, up to the 15%. Our key business metrics remain strong and in fact many, most notably retention, CV growth and sales productivity continued to improve or are at or near all-time highs, and we continue to actively explore strategic alternatives for deploying our cash. Going forward, we will continue to invest in our business organically and through acquisitions and return capital to shareholders through our newly authorized $1.2 billion share repurchase program. Finally with double digit growth in contract value in the first quarter of 2015 we remain well positioned to deliver another strong year of revenue and earnings growth. Now I will turn the call back over to the operator and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Tim McHugh from William Blair. Please proceed.
Timothy McHugh: Yes, thank you. I guess, first on sales force productivity. I think your original guidance was - had assumed kind of flat to, I think you said marginally up. You seem to be off obviously to a good start in Q1. Can you update, I guess, how it's trending relative to your annual expectations and is that still how you're thinking about the year? And maybe dive into I guess, where you saw productivity improve or what the driver was of that?
Craig Safian: Sure, thanks Tim. On the productivity front, we are up 12% on an FX neutral basis versus Q1 of last year. We are essentially flat to where we ended the year, ended 2014 and so it's consistent with what we had laid out at Investor Day in terms of an expectation of roughly flat productivity. That being said, as you can imagine we are working very, very hard to make sure that we can continue to improve that productivity on a go-forward basis.
Timothy McHugh: Okay, and then the buyback, you have been aggressive the last few years, but you stepped up the pace certainly to a much bigger level, I guess early this year. Can you talk - what changed --what made you get that much more aggressive on the buyback?
Craig Safian: Tim, we've had had a strategy that we have talked about where acquisitions being first priority, buyback being second priority for us from a capital deployment perspective. We mentioned that our target for 2015 was to extinguish the share repurchase authorization or the remaining share repurchase authorization that we had heading into the year. Based on everything we were looking at, based on our cash flow generation, based on our balance sheet flexibility, and capacity under the revolver we determined that it would be a good thing to accelerate over the first quarter and the half of the year. So, we have essentially hit our full year target as of earlier this week.
Timothy McHugh: Do you have a - so, I guess how should we think about the rest of the year then? What's a - do you have a new full year target I guess, that we should have in mind?
Craig Safian: So the way we are thinking about it, Tim is, with the new $1.2 billion authorization we believe that will last us between 2.5 years to three years. And as always, we will look at the market in terms of what's out there from an acquisition perspective or other ways for us to deploy capital. But all other things being equal, we believe that we will use the $1.2 billion over the next 2.5 years to three years.
Timothy McHugh: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Meuler from R.W. Baird. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Meuler: Yeah, good morning. So I know sometimes us analysts think that sales force head count growth is just a cell in a model and it is much more complicated than that in terms of a bottom up build. But it sounds like pretty much every KPI is favorable right now and sale force headcount growth, I think it was 14%. You are expecting 15% for the year which would still be towards the lower end of the targeted long-term range, so I guess Gene, what's the current thought on that to growing it even faster?
Craig Safian: Hi, Jeff. So the - as you pointed out our sales force - the target range for our sales force growth is 15% to 20%. We determine where we are in that range basically by looking bottoms up, which sales managers have the capacity in their particular territories and their experience level to handle that growth. And we are very confident we're going to be in that range of 15% to 20% this year.
Jeffrey Meuler: Well, Let me just - so, but you are going to be towards the lower end of the range, and I think your retention among your sales managers is good and I think that you have training programs that you have been working on. So I guess at what point do you think that maybe you drift towards the midpoint or higher of the range? What's the current bottleneck on the management training or capacity or recruitment or whatever it is?
Craig Safian: So like everything in our business, we aim to have continual improvement in it and acceleration. The things that determine that the level of sales force is obviously recruiting capacity, we think we're in good shape there, the amount of experience and tenure of our management team which as you said, we have very little turnover among our managers. And it's just doing an assessment individually - the individual territories kind of where that adds up. Again as we look at that and the development of our manager, we see that accelerating over time.
Jeffrey Meuler: Got it, and then Craig, just for modeling purposes, within consulting on a quarterly basis, which quarters are the tough comps for contract optimization? Is it Q1 and Q3, which were the quarters that you had a stronger overall consulting growth in or any other quarters to call out for a tough CO Comp?
Craig Safian: Yes. It's actually Q1 and Q2 Jeff are the two tough quarters from a comparability perspective. Q3 and Q4 our expectation is, will be roughly in line with what we did last year.
Jeffrey Meuler: Okay, and then the Q2 EPS guidance that you gave 0.56 to 0.60, just to verify, is that a GAAP number or is that an adjusted EPS number?
Craig Safian: My apologies for not being clear. That is a GAAP number which includes roughly $0.04 of acquisition integration charges.
Jeffrey Meuler: That's helpful. Thank you, guys.
Eugene A. Hall: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Anjaneya Singh from Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Anjaneya Singh: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess first off the growth rate in the consulting billable head count, it seems to be about the highest we have seen in nearly two years. Could you just help us think about that, are you seeing greater demand for your consulting services and if so, when can we expect this to show up in your consulting revenue growth?
Craig Safian: Hey Anj. How are you? So yeah, the growth in billable head count was a little higher than weve typically seen. Some of that is driven by the managing partner growth which weve talked about is a strategic imperative for us. That was up 14% year-over-year. What's allowed us to go a little bit faster on the billable head count growth is the combination of the quality of the backlog and the quality of the forward-looking pipeline. We generally only hire when we have visibility and we've had better visibility in that business, which largely stems from the benefits we're getting from the managing partner investment. And so as we get better visibility, higher quality backlog, et cetera, rolling forward that allows us to invest in growing the billable head count with more confidence.
Anjaneya Singh: Got it. That's helpful. Also you guys used to give out a client organizations number, is there a reason why you didn't provide that this quarter? And if you could just help us understand how much of your growth is coming from new clients versus existing client penetration, is it still roughly 50/50? If you could just update us on that?
Eugene A. Hall: Sure. So on your first question, on the client organization number. As we talked about last year, we believe that number of client enterprises is actually a better way and more transparent way to provide what's actually happening with our client count, where a company equals an enterprise, whereas in client organizations it was buying centers, where a company could have multiple buying centers. And so, over the last year weve provided both metrics, but we said on a go forward basis, we are going to focus just on the enterprise number which again we believe is a better number. And then also our Retention metrics are now tied to that enterprise number as well. Your second question again? I am sorry, Anj.
Craig Safian: New business versus existing.
Anjaneya Singh: If you could just help us...
Eugene A. Hall: Right the new business?
Anjaneya Singh: Yeah.
Eugene A. Hall: Yeah. So the way to think about the new business mix is, it is historically been this way and it looked this way in the quarter as well. It comes - it falls about a third, a third, a third. So, a third of it comes from upgrades and new services to existing clients. A third comes from further penetration within existing clients and a third comes from net new logos.
Anjaneya Singh: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi from Janney Montgomery Scott. Please proceed.
Joseph Foresi: Hi. I was wondering, could you give us some idea of how, I know we went through sort of the sales force training and you set up a facility, but how much has that been extended into other regions. Do you have a sense of what percentage of new employees are now going through the sales force training program?
Eugene A. Hall: Yeah Joe, its great question. It's Gene. The - that sales force training program that we talked about is important in driving sales force productivity. And to your point, we've now rolled up, to where all of our new sales people globally are getting that new training program. And we're quite optimistic.
Joseph Foresi: Great. So having said, I mean just on that question, how long do you think it takes, I mean what - how long do you think it takes to reach sort is of having a full turnover on the sales force so everyone has gone through the program at least once? Is that a 12 month to 18 month period?
Eugene A. Hall: So we don't take our experienced sales people back through that program. And our sales force turnover is actually pretty good. We don't lose sales people. We lose sales people really, at a very competitive rate. And so because we are only taking new sales people through it, it will take some time before everybody has that - has gone through that. And we have separate things we do with our existing sales people to improve their productivity. So this is the whole point is that this program itself is oriented for towards when we hire new people, making sure they get up to speed as quickly as possible and that they actually wind up with higher average productivity over the course of their career.
Joseph Foresi: All right, okay. And then it sound like new sales is a big contributor to the contract value growth. Can we get an idea of what those new sales are? What is the consistency of those new sales are? In other words, are those more geared toward some of the newer technologies that are out there and are those clients any different than your standard clients?
Eugene A. Hall: So the new enterprises that we are selling really aren't different than our existing enterprises. As weve talked about at Investor Day, we see about 110,000 enterprises that we can target, that we do target actually, and of those only about 10,000 are clients today. And so our mission is every year to add a few hundred more of those enterprises. And as Craig pointed out, that's a portion of our growth. We also then have another portion of our growth which is selling more toward existing enterprises and we are very successful at that as well.
Joseph Foresi: Okay. And then the last one from me. We're talking about contract optimization again, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that it returns to historical norms. Can you just remind us what those norms are and how long this could - how long this could make - how long it would take for all this to make you its way into the numbers and what we should be expecting there?
Craig Safian: Yeah, so it is really based on last year, it's really a Q1 and Q2 phenomenon. So, we'll feel the impact of the return to historical norms most notably in Q1 and Q2. And again if you think about it, it is most notable in Q1 and then a little bit more in Q2 and then basically Q3 and Q4 look like it's looked the last several years. And so as we think about what the results look like for this quarter as well as our guidance for Q2, there's an impact related to the return to historical norms Q3/Q4 no impact really.
Joseph Foresi: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes for the line of Manav Patnaik from Barclays. Please proceed.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you, good morning gentlemen. The first question is around the M&A pipeline, just in terms of can you update us, what are you seeing there? I mean, clearly you've been lot more aggressive with the buybacks which is great. But is that a sign that there really aren't a lot of deals in the horizon? And can you just remind us what the acquisition contribution for the quarter was as well, please?
Eugene A. Hall: Hey Manav. So, the - we have, at any given time we track a 100 or more companies. We will continue to do that. Our acquisition pipeline looks very robust, and it is very consistent with what we have seen in the past and that's our number one choice for deployment of capital. And we feel like that the repurchase - if you look at our cash flow, plus our balance sheet that we feel like we can do all the acquisitions we need and still do the repurchases that you have seen and the repurchases that well do going forward. So you shouldn't take that, that we see a less acquisition pipeline because of our aggressive purchases earlier this year.
Craig Safian: And then on your - the second part of your question, Manav. So as we said acquisitions had a two point benefit on the Research line and it would be about a one point benefit on the total revenue line.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. And then just on the back to the productivity, I guess you pointed out that it was flat sequentially, so - but you are still obviously gunning for much better than flat productivity by the end of the year. Can you just help us understand the sensitivity around, if that improves obviously, better than flat, how margins should be impacted?
Craig Safian: Yeah, sure. As we talked about at Investor Day, flat productivity got us to roughly 14% close to 15% CV growth, modest improvements in overall average productivity, can accelerate our CV growth a little bit more than that. From a margin perspective, you really see the margin flow through in the subsequent year. And so we wouldn't expect margin benefit in 2015 from continued acceleration in sales productivity. You would expect to see it in 2016 and beyond.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. And then in 2016, let's say, you have the same initiatives, does that offset that sort of margin improvement with the new sales investment, like I guess will we see it if you continue this pace, is I guess what I was getting at?
Craig Safian: Yeah, no, its a good question. The power of our model and the leverage involved in our model, says that if we can get research contract value growing 16%, 17% per year, that being the largest portion of our revenue and our highest margin business. The power of the economics of the flow through on that will allow margin to flow through and we'll be able to make investments as well to continue to drive the business.
Manav Patnaik: Okay, all right. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Appert from Piper Jaffray. Please proceed. We seem to have lost Peter there, I do apologize. The next question comes from the line of Andre Benjamin from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. There does seem to be a technical problem. I do apologize. The next question comes from Jason Anderson from Stifel. Please proceed.
Jason Anderson: Good morning, guys. Can you hear me okay?
Eugene A. Hall: We can hear you fine, yes.
Jason Anderson: Okay, just - one thing - and just if I am looking at this correctly, did client enterprises decline sequentially, and if so, is there anything going on there? It wouldn't seem to jive with your retention number, but I am just curious if there's anything there?
Craig Safian: Yeah, so if you look back historically, you will see often there is a modest decline in Q1. Again, its generally our lightest new business quarter and decline is not troubling [ph] at all and the thing I would focus in on is the 8% year-over-year enterprise growth.
Jason Anderson: Great, and then I guess when we think about your client retention and then you talked about it being at all-time highs, but you continue to improve it. Is there a, I guess a theoretical ceiling here? I mean obviously everyone would love 100%, but that's not realistic. But is there a ceiling you might be approaching from a client enterprise retention standpoint?
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. So we think we can get our retention several points higher than it is today. As we look as we analyze kind of why we have turnover, we have programs that are designed to address those. So we think we have plenty of headroom still left on retention and we are working that. We expect retention to continue to improve over time.
Jason Anderson: Great. Thanks for that.
Operator: The next question comes in from Peter Appert from Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
John Crowther: Yes. You've got John Crowther on for Peter. Just real quick question you guys outlined the overall impact of FX to EBITDA and margins on an overall basis, wondering if you could highlight maybe the impact that was on the research segment this last quarter?
Craig Safian: Yeah, on research it was a pretty modest impact. I think on a FX neutral basis, our research margins would have been precisely flat and we had a modest down tick for the quarter. So it was less magnified on the research line, more magnified on some other lines.
John Crowther: Okay, great. And then you also highlighted I think, on the guidance that the impact of the lower share count would be offset by higher interest and other expenses. Just wondering if you could kind of give us your updated thoughts on both of those in terms of where they might end up for the full year?
Craig Safian: Yeah, so on the - on that comment, we are actually obviously buying back shares, is an accretive activity for us. And so with the accelerated pace of repurchases through the first quarter and a half, even including the incremental interest expense, it does benefit our EPS line. Our view was our forecast still fell within the guidance range, which is why we haven't updated the guidance range. But the pace of share repurchase absolutely benefits EPS in this year and even more so going forward.
John Crowther: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andre Benjamin from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Andre Benjamin: Hi. Can you hear me?
Eugene A. Hall: Yeah, Andre we can hear you. Yeah.
Andre Benjamin: All right. Great. So I think most of my questions have actually been answered, but I had one small one. On the M&A contribution of 2%, primarily from Software Advice, if I run the math on that, and if I did it right it's about $7 million. So not up that much versus when you bought the asset. I was wondering if you have any updated thoughts on what the run rate for that business could be, say two years out and if there are any new initiatives to accelerate growth in that channel?
Craig Safian: So Andre, Software Advice is performing just as we expected. We expected it would be a business, that's a high growing business. It's growing quite a bit faster than our traditional IT business. And we expect that to continue for a substantial period of time. So and again, we expect that growth rate to continue to be high which means the dollar value would grow over time.
Eugene A. Hall: And the other thing worth mentioning, Andre is just that on the year-over-year comparisons we owned Software Advice for three weeks in the first quarter of last year, and for the full quarter this year, and so that may be impacting your view on the year-over-year growth a little bit as well.
Andre Benjamin: I think that's it from me. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber from BMO. Please proceed.
Henry Chien: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, it is Henry Chien. Just I had a question on your sales force growth for the year. I was wondering if you could provide any color on - if there is any change in any particular regions or industries where you are looking to add more sales count.
Eugene A. Hall: So, it is Gene. Again we add our - we're planning to grow in every region and every industry in every size client. The rates are little higher, little lower depending on what we think the capability of the individual management teams are to absorb higher, little bit lower growth rates. In all of them, we expect to grow and grow at very good rates, but some will grow a little bit faster than others. And again it's not driven by any particular industry or geography. It's driven by - when we look at the individual sales manager, what's their capacity to absorb extra growth. And just as an example you might have a manager that's got - if they have ten direct reports, ten AEs, ten sales people and five of them are new, we would say that's probably as much as they can handle. If you have someone who has got eight sales people and seven of them are experienced, we would add --we'd give them more capability. And it also depends on the experience of the sales manager how long they have actually been working as a manager in their role. And so it is not driven by geography or industry, it is driven by what's the tenure of the manager and what's the composition of the actual team that they have, so we do it kind of bottoms up.
Henry Chien: Okay, all right. And in light of the share repurchase, any update on how we should think about your target leverage levels?
Craig Safian: So as we've talked about in the past, you know, we recognize - we know what an optimal capital structure should look like. We recognize that leverage is a part of it. As we talked about at Investor Day we recognize that optimal leverage is in the 1.5 to 2 times range. And we are - we are on a path to get there. On a net-debt basis, we now sit at roughly one times and on a gross debt basis, obviously closer to 1.5 times. And so we are effectively deploying our capital. We are putting leverage on the balance sheet and we will continue to do that when we see thing that can drive shareholder value.
Henry Chien: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee from RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Gary Bisbee: Hi, guys. Good morning. At the Investor Day you laid out a helpful model about you how changes in sales productivity flat to up a bit, to up a lot, would impact your financials over the next five years. But you didn't really provide us what a reasonable expectation for the trend line would be in that five years? And I guess, just when I look at it in the 10 years, you've been doing this model, youve never had consistent year-over-year-over-year improvement in sales productivity. So what is a good expectation? And since you haven't done it in the past, why would one believe that you would be able to do that going forward in the next few years consistently?
Eugene A. Hall: So the - its Gene, Gary. Actually, you know our sales productivity, if you look kind of like to like has been improving steadily over time. There has been countervailing forces that we have talked about at various points. So for example, there's U.S. Government sequestration that went on which affected part of our public sector business. Obviously, there was the downturn in 2008. So there has been some things like that that have affected our business over time. If you look at kind of like-for-like, we have seen kind of a steady improvement in sales force productivity, since we got out of the recession. And again, as we look to the future, as a company, we are getting better programs in place all the time in terms of the three areas I've talked about. Our recruiting sales people, we get people that are a better fit, are training them, having better training programs and then providing better tools. Those things, those three areas are all getting better every year. And as we look at the impact on them, yeah we believe those will continue to improve sales force productivity.
Craig Safian: The other thing I would mention Gary and again in the Investor Day material it is there, is because of the size of the sales force, even modest improvements in productivity have a pretty significant impact. So a 5K improvement in productivity spread across 2,000 sales people is meaningful. Two years in a row of 5K improvement even more meaningful. And so based on what Gene described in terms of looking below the covers of what's really going on, plus what we have done over the past 12 months or last five quarters in actuality, we have great confidence that sales productivity can improve into the future.
Gary Bisbee: Okay, great. Thanks. And then the follow-up, I want to go back to buybacks. I appreciate the comment on leverage but you have clearly for two years now been debt financing the buybacks and particularly with the valuation of stock having gone up so much, it is less accretive than it was. And with the new buyback, and saying 2.5 years to three years, it seems like this pattern of having to debt finance it, because you are using more than your U.S. based free cash flow for buybacks will continue? Also, I think you've only hedged less than a third of the debt on interest rates. It just feels to me like it ends badly, rates go up or something happens and the pace of this, can't continue without taking more risks and potentially impacting the valuation. So how do you think about that, are you indeed comfortable continuing to debt finance the buybacks over the next few years and how do you think about rates rising and what that could mean? Thank you.
Craig Safian: Yeah, I mean two things, I'd say Gary. One is, the pace of share buyback is roughly in line with our corporate free cash flow on an annual basis and has been for the last several years, has actually been below our free cash flow and just in the last year or so
Gary Bisbee: But only 6% of thats in the U.S., right, only 6% of free cash flow is in the U.S.?
Craig Safian: That is the correct. So there are lots of different things we can look at here. As you know with our new credit facility that we put in place had very attractive terms and gives us room to grow into as well. We are also locking in certain portions of that debt from an interest rate perspective, so that there isn't potential slippage on the interest expense on the upside. And look, and we will continue to monitor both our capital structure, whether or not buybacks, or how much buybacks are accretive to our shareholders et cetera. And we will not get out other over our [indiscernible] tips on this one for sure. We are watching it very closely, but it is our belief that again optimal capital structure in 1.5 times leverage range and that our two primary uses of our cash flow, both domestically and globally are strategic acquisitions and share repurchases.
Eugene A. Hall: And Gary, we have also - we have great confidence that our business is going to grow at attractive double digit rates ongoing in future. So if you say you're going to keep growing at double digit rates for an extended period of time, and this has been true the past, any of the repurchases as we've done [ph] are going be great. And that's the kind of business we have.
Gary Bisbee: Okay. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Bill Warmington from Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Bill Warmington: Good morning, everyone. So one question for you on the sales force hiring side, just whether you're seeing improving labor markets as helping or neutral and then if you would have any comments in terms of any geographies that stand out in terms of where the hiring is getting a little bit easier or a little tougher?
Eugene A. Hall: So It's Gene. So the labor markets are clearly improving around the world, we see that. However, Gartner is an incredibly attractive place to work for anybody who wants to be in a technology world. We are a premier employer, very attractive and so even as the markets around the world have improved, it doesn't affect our ability to hire, we - because of our attraction as a company et cetera, that hasn't really affected us at all. As youll hear that sort of by geography the same thing is true around the world, that the - our ability to recruit is about the same as it has been anytime over the last three years or four years.
Bill Warmington: So you're perpetually oversubscribed basically?
Eugene A. Hall: Well, we - obviously we work hard to find the right people but the - again the improving level is not the issue because we are such an attractive place to be.
Bill Warmington: Got it. And then one question just on acceleration and the contract value on a constant currency basis, now that you've hit the 15% level, is - would it be fair for us to think about that level as being a sustainable level? Is it fair to expect that to continue to be at that level consistently, or should we expect some ups and downs around that? And then if you are going to be able to hit it sustainably what gives you comfort on that?
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. So, we believe we can grow our sales force 15% to 20% a year. So even at the low end of that range, we grow sales force at 15% a year over time, that means our CV - our contract value is going to grow 15% a year. Again, we think we can do better than that in the sales force, we think we will. And then secondly, we also think that we can simultaneously improve sales productivity modestly each year. As Craig pointed on Investor Day, if you grow - even if you had flat growth in the sales force being only 15% a year, and just improved productivity that accelerates our CV growth. We think we can do both. So we are quite optimistic about that over time our contract value growth could accelerate.
Bill Warmington: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions waiting. So I would now like to turn the call over to Gene for closing remarks.
Eugene A. Hall: Well, thank you all for joining us today. To summarize the key points of today's call, first, we are doing great as a company. We are where we expected to be at this point of the year and all of our underlying metrics are strong. Our contract value growth rate accelerated and rolling fourth quarter sales productivity is up 12% for Q1 compared to Q1 2014. We remain committed to enhancing shareholder value through investment in our business, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. And we're getting better, stronger, faster all the time. I expect to see robust growth for years to come. We look forward to updating you again on our next quarterly earnings call. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and good day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Shipman - Group Vice President of Investor Relations Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer and Director Craig Safian - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Ryan Leonard - Barclays Capital, Research Division Anjaneya Singh - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jason P. Anderson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division William G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S. William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Gartner's Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014. A replay of this call will be available through March 8, 2015. The replay can be accessed by dialing (888) 286-8010 for domestic calls and (617) 801-6888 for international calls, by entering the pass code 18018496. This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be archived on Gartner's website at www.gartner.com for approximately 90 days. I will now turn the conference over to Brian Shipman, Gartner's Group Vice President of Investor Relations, for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Shipman: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Call. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. This call will include a discussion of Q4 and full year 2014 financial results, as disclosed in today's press release. We will also discuss our preliminary outlook for 2015. After our prepared remarks, you will have an opportunity to ask questions. I would like to remind everyone that the press release is available on our website at www.gartner.com. Before we begin, we need to remind you that certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2013 (sic)[ 2014 ] annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I'd encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. The company undertakes no obligation to update any of its forward-looking statements. With that, I'd like to hand the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. Gene?
Eugene A. Hall: Thank you, Brian. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Q4 and full year 2014 earnings call. In 2014, we drove double-digit growth in all our key financial metrics and our business is accelerating. For the full year 2014, on an FX neutral basis, contract value increased 14%, total company revenues grew 14% and EBITDA grew 13%. We achieved double-digit contract value growth in every region, every industry and every company size. The continued successful execution of our proven strategy was central to our success. The health of our underlying business has never been stronger. We're getting bigger, stronger, faster every year and are well positioned for success in 2015. For the fourth quarter 2014, we again delivered robust performances against -- across all 3 businesses. Research, our largest and most profitable segment, grew revenues 15% FX neutral in the fourth quarter 2014, continuing our 18-quarter trend of double-digit contract value growth. Retention metrics improved to all-time highs. For the fourth quarter 2014, enterprise client retention was 85%, up 2 points over the same quarter 2013. Enterprise wallet retention was 106%, also up 2 points over Q4 2013. Sales productivity again improved, and we continue to invest in areas that will drive further advancement in this area. Our Consulting business delivered a strong performance for Q4 2014. Consulting revenues increased 7% for the quarter and were up 12% for the full year FX neutral. We ended the year with 92 managing partners, up 15% from the start of the year. Our Events business also delivered a fantastic performance. On a same-event basis, for the 13 events we held in Q4, we drove a revenue increase of 19% year-over-year FX neutral. Additionally, in 2014, we deployed capital in 3 strategic acquisitions. And finally, for the full year, we repurchased more than $400 million of our shares which exceeded our original plan. We just had our worldwide sales kickoff where we spent time with more than 400 of our sales leaders. They're as enthusiastic about our prospects for growth as I've ever seen. They know technology is driving massive change in every industry around the world and that we can make a real difference in our client success. One of the primary reasons our business is so successful is our people. At the heart of it, Gartner is a people business. Over the past several years and throughout 2014, we made significant investments in our people. We've also added great teams as a result of our acquisitions. We're attracting the best talent in the industry in strategic locations around the world and getting them up to speed quickly. And these investments continue to pay off, as illustrated by our sales productivity gains and overall 2014 results. We're starting 2015 in a great position. The insights we create, the advice we deliver and the overall experience for our customers has never been better. We'll continue to improve and innovate across every area of our business. We know how to be successful in any economic environment. We're relevant whether an institution is growing or facing economic challenges. We continue to deliver double-digit results in our key operating metrics through the tremendous value we deliver to our clients. The Gartner brand is in a class by itself. Our products, services and people are superior to the competition with a great business model, and we continue to be more relevant to virtually every enterprise in the world. I remain confident and excited about Gartner. And with that, I'd like to hand the call over to Craig.
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. 2014 was a very strong year. During the fourth quarter, Gartner continued its accelerated performance with double-digit growth in contract value, revenue and normalized EBITDA, putting the company in a great position as we enter 2015. Year-over-year FX neutral contract value growth accelerated for the fourth consecutive quarter and finished the year up 14%. Retention rates also ended the year at all-time highs. Our Events business increased revenues by 19% year-over-year on a same-event and FX neutral basis in the fourth quarter and 16% for the full year. And our Consulting business grew revenues by 7% on an FX neutral basis for the fourth quarter and 12% for the full year on the strength of both our labor-based Consulting business and our Contract Optimization practice. We continue to see robust demand for our services across all of our business segments in the fourth quarter. Our business continues to grow at double-digit rates quarter after quarter, year after year, which is why we remain very excited about our prospects for future growth. Our products and services provide unparalleled value to IT, supply chain and digital marketing professionals. We are engaged on their most important projects and initiatives, and we make a difference to the success of their enterprises. Our strong and improving retention metrics further demonstrate the value and importance of our products and services. In both existing and prospect accounts, we continue to find new IT, supply chain and digital marketing professionals to sell to every day. We're confident that we will continue to deliver consistent revenue growth and strong financial performance over the long term. I'll now provide a review of our 3 business segments for the fourth quarter and the full year, and then we'll end with the details of our outlook for 2015 before taking your questions. Since we are a global company, with operations and clients in 90-plus countries, the strengthening U.S. dollar had an impact on our fourth quarter results. I will address the impact in each area, but roughly speaking, our reported growth rates were impacted negatively by 3 to 4 points in the quarter by foreign exchange. Starting with our Research business. Research revenue was up 12% on an as-reported basis and grew 15% on an FX neutral basis in the fourth quarter. Acquisitions added approximately 2 points to our organic growth rate in Q4. The contribution margin for Research was 69% in the fourth quarter and for the full year. All other key Research business metrics also remained strong. Contract value grew to a record level of $1.603 billion, a year-over-year growth rate of 14% on an FX neutral basis. This reflects continued acceleration from late 2013. As has been true over the past several years, our growth in contract value in Q4 was extremely broad-based with every region, every client size and every industry segment growing at double-digit rates. The acceleration in our contract value growth was driven by improvements in both retention and new business. Our client retention rate at the enterprise level ended the quarter at 85%, up 2 points versus the same quarter last year, the fourth consecutive quarter of sequential improvement in this metric. Wallet retention at the enterprise level ended at 106% in the fourth quarter, an improvement of 2 points over last year's fourth quarter. This was the fifth consecutive quarter of sequential improvement in wallet retention. Wallet retention is higher than client retention due to a combination of increased spending by retained clients and because we retain a higher percentage of our larger clients. As we have discussed in the past, our retention metrics are reported on a rolling 4-quarter basis to eliminate any seasonality. New business, again, increased year-over-year, up 15% over last year's fourth quarter and up 13% on a full year basis. The new business mix is consistent with prior quarters and remains balanced between sales to new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. Our contract value growth also continues to benefit from our discipline of not discounting and of consistent annual price increases. We have increased our prices by 3% to 6% per year since 2005, and our price increase from this past fourth quarter averaged 3%. We also continue to see strong volume growth in our new business. This reflects our success in growing the business by penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing client enterprises. As a result, we ended the quarter with 9,958 client enterprises, up 10% over last year's fourth quarter. This represents almost 2,000 net new enterprises added since Q4 of 2011, further illustrating the size and scale of our untapped market opportunity. Also, the average spend per enterprise continues to increase reflecting our ability to grow our contract value by driving growth in both new and existing enterprises. I also want to spend a moment addressing sales productivity. We provide all the input so that you can calculate sales productivity on your own. As we have detailed in the past, we look at sales productivity as the net contract value increase, or NCVI, per account executive. We look at it on a rolling 4-quarter basis to eliminate seasonality, and we use opening sales headcount as the period denominator. Let me do the math for you. Over the last 12 months, we grew our contract value by $202 million in FX neutral terms. Dividing that by our Q4 2013 ending sales headcount of 1,643 yields NCVI per AE of $123,000 on a rolling 4-quarter basis, a 14% improvement over 2013 and up compared to any of the first 3 quarters of 2014. To sum up, our Research business again delivered great results. Contract value growth accelerated in each quarter of 2014, as we expected. We see strong demand from clients, our retention rates remain at or near all-time highs and we expect continued acceleration and productivity, contract value and revenue growth over the long term. Turning now to Events. For the quarter and full year, our Events segment continued a 5-year trend of extremely strong year-over-year revenue growth on a same-event basis. On a reported basis, in the fourth quarter, Events revenue increased 20% year-over-year and increased 23% on an FX neutral basis. For the full year 2014, Events revenue increased 14% on a reported basis and grew 16% on an FX neutral basis. During the fourth quarter, we held 13 events with 23,453 attendees compared to 11 events with 20,786 attendees in the fourth quarter of 2013. On a same-event and FX neutral basis, Events revenue was up 19% year-over-year in the fourth quarter underscoring the strength of our Events business. During the fourth quarter, we held most of our Symposium events. Gartner's Symposium is our flagship conference series specifically designed for CIOs. Revenue for the Symposium series grew by 20% in 2014, contributing to the overall Events performance in Q4. At our Symposium series, we hosted more than 6,000 CIOs, 9% more than we hosted in 2013. Q4 gross contribution margin for Events of 56% was up 3 points from the fourth quarter a year ago. The gross contribution margin for the full year 2014 in the Events segment was 49%, up from 46% in 2013. Moving on to Consulting. Revenues in Consulting increased 3% on a reported basis and 7% on an FX neutral basis in the fourth quarter. For the full year, Consulting revenues grew 11% on a reported basis and 12% on an FX neutral basis. We again posted solid results across the entire business, with our labor-based business recording 7% revenue growth in the quarter. On the labor-based side, billable headcount of 535 was up 5% from the fourth quarter of 2013. Fourth quarter utilization was 72%, a 7-point improvement over the fourth quarter of last year. And annualized revenue per billable head ended the quarter at $463,000, an 8% improvement over Q4 of last year. As we have discussed in the past, our Contract Optimization practice has more variability than the other parts of our Consulting business. This fourth quarter was no exception, as this business contracted modestly versus the prior year quarter. Across the entire Consulting business, we continue to see strong demand for our services and our strategy of investing in managing partners is allowing us to capture that demand. We ended the year with 92 managing partners, an increase of 15% from a year ago. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our Consulting business, ended the quarter at $103 million. This represents a healthy 4 months of forward backlog. With the current backlog and visibility we have into the pipeline, the Consulting business is positioned to deliver another year of solid results in 2015. Moving down the income statement. SG&A increased by $23 million year-over-year during the fourth quarter, primarily driven by the growth in our sales force. For the full year 2014, SG&A increased $116 million, again driven by growth in our sales force. As of December 31, we had 1,881 quota-bearing sales associates, an increase of 238 or 14%. Moving on to earnings. Normalized EBITDA was $122 million in the fourth quarter, growth of 15% from last year's fourth quarter. Normalized EBITDA growth, excluding the impact of FX, was 18% in the quarter or an impact of roughly $3 million. For the full year, normalized EBITDA was $386 million, representing 12% growth for 2014 and 13% on an FX neutral basis. GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.66 in the fourth quarter, compared with $0.65 per share in the same period last year. Our Q4 2014 GAAP diluted earnings per share includes $0.06 in amortization and other costs associated with our acquisitions. Excluding acquisition-related charges, our normalized EPS grew 9% to $0.72 per share in the fourth quarter. Our Q4 EPS figures were impacted by foreign exchange in 2 primary ways. First, the impact on EBITDA that I just mentioned; and second, the impact on our tax rate for the quarter. As we have discussed in the past, our tax rate is sensitive to the mix of geographic earnings. With a stronger U.S. dollar, the proportional mix of geographic earnings from outside of the U.S. was lower than anticipated, causing a higher tax rate than we projected. For the full year 2014, GAAP diluted earnings per share was $2.03, up 5% year-over-year. Our full year 2014 GAAP diluted earnings per share includes $0.21 in amortization and other costs associated with our acquisitions. Excluding acquisition-related charges, our normalized EPS grew 14% to $2.24 for the full year 2014. Excluding the impact of FX, normalized EPS grew approximately 15% over 2013. Turning now to cash. Operating cash flow increased by 10% to $347 million for the full year 2014, compared with last year. During the fourth quarter, we continued to utilize our cash to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases. In the quarter, we repurchased 0.5 million shares, and we used approximately $42 million of cash for share repurchases. For the full year, we repurchased $432 million worth of our shares. As of December 31, we had $413 million remaining on our $800 million authorization. Even with the more aggressive pace of share repurchases and the acquisitions we did in 2014, we ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet and cash position. As of December 31, we had debt of $405 million and cash of $365 million with 83% of our cash balance located outside of the U.S. In December, we put an expanded credit facility in place that took advantage of the favorable credit markets and accomplished 3 primary goals. First, the new facility is right-sized for the company. We doubled its size to $1.5 billion. This gives us ample flexibility and room for growth as well. Second, the pricing in covenant packages are more favorable than our prior facility. And finally, we pushed out the maturity of the loan until December of 2019. We have ample cash flow and with the new facility, ample liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive shareholder value. We continue to look for attractive acquisition opportunities as a potential use of cash. We also continue to believe that repurchasing our shares remains a compelling use of our capital. Now let me turn to our business outlook for 2015. Our most important underlying business metrics and trends are all strong, accelerating and trending in the right direction. CV growth, retention rate, sales productivity, Events performance or Consulting utilization, all those key metrics improved in 2014. Our business is very strong and our outlook fully anticipates those trends to continue. Our reported results will be impacted by the strengthened U.S. dollar. The dollar strengthening has been significant and has even accelerated in the month of January, with the dollar increasing against key currencies like the euro by 7% in January alone. As we have detailed in the past, our revenues and expenses are roughly matched around the globe, creating a natural hedge. Roughly 60% of both our total revenues and total expenses are transacted in the U.S. dollar. The remaining 40% are in major currencies, such as the euro, the pound sterling and the Australian dollar, to name a few. The U.S. dollar has strengthened dramatically against all these currencies, and our 2015 outlook is derived using spot rates from last Friday, January 30. The underlying business metrics and FX neutral growth rates of the company are very strong. We will continue to run the company and invest for the future, as we've been doing successfully over the last several years. With that, I'll review the 2015 outlook. Our businesses are well-positioned for another year of strong FX neutral growth in 2015. Our base level assumptions are as follows: Sales productivity remains flat or improves marginally from 2014 levels on an FX neutral basis. Our sales force grows approximately 15%. And as I just mentioned, we have used foreign exchange rates from January 30 in setting our guidance and outlook for the year. As always, we'll report back with updates on our quarterly earnings calls and with any changes to these assumptions. The details of our 2015 outlook are included in today's press release, and I'll summarize them here as well. For the full year 2015, we expect total revenues of $2.150 billion to $2.205 billion. This is FX neutral growth of 12% to 15%. The projected revenues by segment on an as-reported basis can be found in our press release. On an FX neutral basis, our guidance anticipates Research revenue to be up 14% to 16% versus the prior year, reflecting the acceleration of our contract value growth achieved in 2014. Our Consulting outlook is for revenues to be flat to up 6% over 2014 on an FX neutral basis. This guidance assumes that the Contract Optimization practice within Consulting returns to its historical levels of revenue, which is negatively impacting the Consulting guidance. We expect the labor-based portion of Consulting to grow in the mid-single digits. And our Events revenue guidance is to be up 11% to 18% over 2014, on an FX neutral basis. At this point, we plan to hold approximately 65 events in 2015 as compared to 64 in 2014. Moving down the income statement, we expect normalized EBITDA for the full year 2015 to be between $405 million and $430 million, an increase of 10% to 17% over 2014 on an FX neutral basis. We expect the costs associated with our stock-based compensation expense in 2015 to be approximately $43 million to $44 million. Total depreciation and amortization should also be between $43 million and $44 million, inclusive of the amortization of acquired intangible assets. We expect interest expense of between $15 million and $16 million and other expense of $2 million. We're projecting an annual effective tax rate of approximately 35% to 36%. The tax rate is driven by the FX impact on our projected mix of earnings. And our guidance is based on an average fully diluted shares outstanding for the full year of approximately 87.5 million shares. Note that our tax rate may vary from quarter-to-quarter due to the timing of certain items. Our GAAP EPS earnings guidance for 2015 is for EPS to be between $2.11 and $2.30 per share. GAAP EPS includes $0.16 per share of acquisition-related charges for the full year 2015. Our guidance for EPS, excluding acquisition and integration charges, is to be between $2.27 and $2.46 per share, FX neutral growth of approximately 7% to 16% over 2014. In 2015, we expect cash from operations of $348 million to $374 million, gross capital expenditures of $45 million to $46 million and acquisition and integration charges of $12 million. This yields a free cash flow range of $315 million to $340 million. Thus, we expect to generate free cash flow per share of $3.60 to $3.89 in 2015. As in prior years, our free cash flow should again be well in excess of our net earnings levels in 2015. As with our earnings, the strengthening U.S. dollar impacts cash flow in a similar manner. Now I'd like to provide some additional information to allow for an understanding of the seasonality and other factors that will impact our revenue and earnings on a quarterly basis. In 2015, our EPS phasing by quarter will reflect seasonality roughly similar to our reported results from 2014 with a few notable exceptions. The first quarter will again be the seasonally lightest quarter of the year. As a result, we expect GAAP EPS to be between $0.31 and $0.33 per share in the first quarter. We expect approximately $0.04 per share of acquisition and integration charges in Q1. EPS in the first quarter will be impacted primarily by lower projected Contract Optimization revenues and the impact of FX. I would also like to remind you that our third quarter is also a seasonally light quarter, again due to our Events calendar and our Consulting business. As in years past, the fourth quarter is our largest with more than 50% of the full year Events revenue occurring in Q4. Finally, I'd like to spend a moment on the impact of foreign exchange as it relates to our reported contract value. As we've communicated to you in the past, research contract value is reported on an FX neutral basis throughout each year. We do this so you can understand the true organic growth in our Research segment. In early January of each year, we restate the opening contract value at current foreign exchange rates. As a result of changes in FX rates since January of 2014, contract value at January 1, 2015, is approximately $53 million lower than the $1.603 billion reported on December 31. As a result, $1.550 billion is the baseline figure you should use for comparison purposes when judging contract value growth in 2015 on an FX neutral basis. So before taking your questions, let me summarize. We delivered another very strong quarter in Q4. Demand for our services is robust, and as a result, our research contract value growth accelerated again, and we generated double-digit total revenue growth. We are as strong as we've ever been as a company. Our key business metrics are improving significantly or are at or near all-time highs. Both client and wallet retention continue to improve setting new records each quarter. Sales productivity improved by 14% in 2014. We grew the number of enterprises we serve by 10% to almost 10,000. And contract value growth accelerated in each quarter of 2014, ending the year at 14% growth. Our initiatives to improve operational effectiveness, coupled with a positive operating leverage inherent in our business, delivered solid earnings and cash flow growth for the full year 2014. And we continue to actively explore strategic alternatives for deploying our cash. Going forward, we will continue to invest in our business organically and through acquisition and return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program. Finally, by closing out 2014 with double-digit growth in contract value, we begin the new year very well-positioned to deliver another year of strong revenue and earnings growth in 2015. Now, I'll turn the call back over to the operator and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Jeff Meuler from R.W. Baird.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I didn't catch it if you articulated it explicitly, but for the guidance for '15, what are you assuming for research contract value constant currency? I caught that sales force growth of 15% and productivity, I think, flat to up marginally. So are you assuming further acceleration into the 15% to 16% range?
Craig Safian: We don't give contract value guidance. That has been our rule, and we don't do that. You can do the math, and the math would presume that we are in the 14% to 15% range, if you assume those productivity statements we made as well as the headcount growth.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then one thing that stood out in the guidance is the delta between the normalized EBITDA guidance and the diluted EPS or the adjusted EPS guidance at the low end. At the top end of the range, it's just 1% delta. At the low end, it's a 4% delta. Is that based on the assumption of geographic mix of revenue and tax rate? Or what's the delta there?
Craig Safian: The delta, Jeff, is primarily around tax rate. And that is driven by foreign exchange, which is obviously driving up that higher projected effective tax rate.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then, I caught that Contract Optimization -- obviously, you've had a banner year this year and you're assuming a bit down for next year, but if I recall correctly, I think the range was something like 40 to 50 historically. Is that correct? And what was it this year?
Craig Safian: Yes, we had typically said $30 million to $40 million in revenue was the range. We well- exceeded that in 2015 -- 2014 rather, and our expectation for 2015 is to go back to, call it, roughly the top end of that, near the top end of that range.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Timothy McHugh from William Blair.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Yes. Can I just ask about the Research gross margin a little bit more and I guess also the consulting gross margin? But first the Research, just, I guess, it was kind of down slightly year-over-year for the second quarter in a row. Can you talk a little bit more about what's driving that? I appreciate you're getting close to the kind of 70% number you've talked about, but are we just at a point where you are sustainable and you're not going to see much improvement there? Or was there something else going on in the quarter?
Craig Safian: Good question. So on a full year basis, Research gross margins were up about 10 basis points. So I'd say, there are 2 things going on there. One is there is a modest impact from the acquisitions, modest, and then over the long-term, we still believe 70% is roughly the right target gross margin for us. So you're likely to see modest improvements over the years as we approach 70%.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, as we look forward to next year, so can you talk about -- it seems like the margin guidance is for basically flattish margins, and I guess, you were kind of flat to down a little bit last year and the year before. Can you talk about the kind of a multi-year basis, how are you thinking about margins at this point? It sounds like you're starting to get some sales force productivity, but you're not getting as much lift from the Research gross margin expanding as you have been in the past. So how should we think about margins the next couple of years here?
Craig Safian: No, you're exactly right, Tim. So the way we've talked about it in the past and the way we think about it rolling forward is as we're approaching the 70% target gross margin for Research, we'll continue to get leverage from that as Research becomes a bigger and bigger piece of the overall pie, and that drives gross margin leverage, but we no longer have the -- going from 60 to 65 to 70 that we've had in the past. The way we will drive EBITDA margins into the future is through increasing sales productivity, which will drive an acceleration to contract value growth. And as we talked about, we need to see productivity get to levels where we are driving Research CV growth in the 15%, 16%, 17% range. When we get there, that's when you'll start to see the margin flow through and the leverage on the SG&A line.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, great. And then, just on the client retention rate improving, I guess your client growth rate also picked up. I guess, is that mainly the retention rate? Or did you also -- is the -- I guess the new customer additions going up if you kind of separated those 2 factors?
Eugene A. Hall: Tim, it's Gene. So it's both factors. We have a big focus on making sure we retain our clients. And so the fact that the client retention run up is due to all the programs we put in place to drive that retention. Obviously, we keep -- if we keep clients, that helps our overall client growth rate. Having said that, we also have -- we focus on growth as well. We have a lot of programs to drive growth, and those programs have been equally successful to our retention programs. So it will [indiscernible].
Craig Safian: And if you think about it, Tim, 2-point improvement on client retention on a 9,000 enterprise basis gets us a little bit, but the big engine is, as Gene mentioned -- is our new client acquisition.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Peter Appert from Piper Jaffray.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: So Craig, just sticking with the margin topic for a second, the -- I think you guys in the past have talked about a longer-term objective sort of mid high 20s maybe in terms of the adjusted EBITDA margin. Does that number seem maybe a little bit too optimistic at this point given the trends you have discussed?
Craig Safian: You know, Peter, as we think about really if we are driving productivity to the levels that we know we're capable of driving and we see the acceleration in contract value growth, we believe the margins will follow that. So we're focused on -- focusing on the key operating levers of the business to drive the business forward. And as those things start kicking in and picking up more acceleration, we should see margin improvement from that.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. Okay. Any then -- any granularity or color you can offer in terms of things you're doing to improve further the productivity and maybe the metrics we should be looking at that we could think about to measure that?
Eugene A. Hall: Peter, it's Gene. So the key things we're doing to drive sales productivity, first, it's making sure that when we hire new salespeople, that we hire salespeople that are good with Gartner and good with kind of skills needed to sales success with our clients. Because when we hire the right salespeople, they just do fantastically well. They stay us -- stay with us for a long part of their career, et cetera. So first piece is hiring the right people. We've got a big focus on that. Second piece then is when we bring them on board, we have a -- what I think is the best training program I've ever seen in sales. And that whole training program gets them up to speed as well. We also then have development programs for managers as we have new managers; for vice presidents, as we have new vice presidents, et cetera, to help them improve their skills. And then, finally, we have a whole set of programs that are designed to provide our salespeople with the best possible tools to improve their productivity. And, as a company, our big focus is on innovating in all 3 of those areas, innovating in terms of how we make sure we hire people that are going to be wildly successful with Gartner; innovating in terms in how we train and develop them, so they achieve their full potential; and thirdly, innovating and making sure that we provide them the best possible tools. And every year we get better, and fundamentally that what's driving our sales productivity.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, great. And then last thing. Gene, it was either you or Craig said something specifically about how you continue to explore strategic alternatives to deploy the cash. I'm just wondering what that means.
Eugene A. Hall: Well, as you know, Peter, our number one priority in deploying cash is to do strategic acquisitions and we have a little team that -- we have a team that focuses on tracking a sizable number of acquisition candidates that we think all would have great strategic fits with the company. And so -- our #1 priority continues to be looking for strategic acquisitions. 2014, we made some acquisitions and we are hopeful that in the future that will be an important part of our strategy as well. Then the second one is obviously share buybacks, which is our second strategic use of capital.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. Okay. So the word strategic alternatives were not meant to imply some radical or dramatic change in what you've thought about historically. That was just sort of a little thing that jumped out to me.
Craig Safian: Apologies for that. No, it's consistent with our capital deployment strategy that we've been operating on for the last several years.
Operator: Your next audio question will come from the line of Joseph Foresi from Janney Montgomery Scott.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could help us better understand the relationship between currency and tax rate, just so that we can get a handle on that part of the equation should the tax rate change again.
Craig Safian: Sure. Good question, Joe. So I'll try and keep it as simple as I can. So our global tax structure is essentially impacted by 2 streams of income: income in the U.S.; and income from outside of the U.S. This is important because certain jurisdictions outside of the U.S., tax income at much lower rates than the U.S. And so as you'd imagine, the mix of those 2 streams can have a big impact on the effective tax rate. What we experienced in Q4 and are projecting into 2015 is essentially the following. The strengthening U.S. dollars means our overseas profits are lower in -- or smaller in U.S. dollar terms. And a smaller mix of overseas profits, as a percent of the global profit, adversely affects the effective tax rate.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's very helpful. And then, just on the sales force productivity and how it relates to contract value, it seems like you're expecting the growth rates to sort of be sustained next year. Is there anything to read into that? I'm sure you'll continue to drive to higher growth rate, but has there been a change in the market? Is that why you're kind of more leaning towards stable versus acceleration again next year or actually this year?
Eugene A. Hall: So -- Joe, it's Gene. So the -- we are optimistic, and we believe we can continue to improve sales productivity. We're going to grow the business 2 ways. One is continue to grow the number of sales people we have. Last year, we grew at -- when you calculate [ph] them, it was 14.49%. We missed rounding to 15 by 1 sales person. But we want to grow in the range of 15% to 20% in terms of our headcount. Then, in addition to that, we believe as we did last year, that the kind of changes I talked about earlier will result in improving sales productivity over time. The approach we've taken in terms of planning is not to assume improvements before they happen. And we're making them and we believe that will happen, but we haven't assumed they're going to happen in our planning.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, just last question from me. I know there has been some pockets in prior years of weakness here on the government spending side, but geographically, Europe obviously continues to be challenged. Can you give us any updates on areas where you're keeping a close eye on things outside of currency going into this year?
Eugene A. Hall: So again, on a constant currency basis, we have, as I mentioned, we had double-digit growth in every region in every industry and in every company size range. So we're in -- so, obviously in public sector, we have double-digit growth. Having said that, the selling environment has not improved in the places that are difficult. You mentioned Europe, the selling environment is just as difficult as it's always been. In the public sector, in many cases, the selling environment is just as difficult as it's always been, but we have adapted to that and are achieving great double-digit growth in all of those areas.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Manav Patnaik from Barclays.
Ryan Leonard - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is Ryan filling in for Manav. Just a question on the sales force hiring. I guess the jobs reports keep getting better, specifically in the U.S. I mean, is there any risk to finding enough high-quality people? It's clearly a focus for you guys. I'm just wondering if the competition for hiring has gotten tougher in the last year or so.
Eugene A. Hall: Ryan, great question. It -- the answer is no. If you look at the total number of salespeople that we get hired in the U.S., it's in the millions and we hire a few hundreds each year. And so our issue is not actually that the job market has gotten worse. It's the same thing as always, which is find those people that are actually great fit with Gartner. And we work hard at that and get better every year. The overall job market situation, macro job market is not a factor for us.
Ryan Leonard - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. That -- and on the Consulting side, I know you're kind of expecting it to come back down to historical levels, and 2014 was obviously great. Was there anything that was kind of structural, I guess, specifically, with the Contract Optimization that maybe could continue going forward? Or is it just a onetime pickup? I guess from your conversations with clients, was there anything there, they're leveraging it more and they expect to see that going forward or any color there?
Eugene A. Hall: No, the Contract Optimization business is a -- there's nothing systematic going on there. It's a business that just depends on what the particular clients' deals are, et cetera. And some years, it's the most volatile part of our entire business. It's very small, but it's the most volatile part of our business. And so again, as Craig -- we based our guidance for 2015 on what Craig said earlier. But there's nothing systematic going on there.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Anjaneya Singh from Crdit Suisse.
Anjaneya Singh - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I'm wondering if you can discuss what's driving your expectations of the 15% sales force growth. It's been towards the lower end of your 15%, 20% target and below that, slightly I mean, just picking it apart, I guess, but below that for Q3 and Q4. I'm just trying to get a sense of, you mentioned that it's due to the hiring that you do in classes, but just trying to get a sense of how much of the lower sales force growth plays into the positive impact on sales force productivity. Or would you say if you grew it towards the higher end, you'd still see this positive trajectory in the productivity that you mentioned?
Craig Safian: Hey, Anj, it's Craig. So just on the productivity side, the way we're measuring it by using beginning of period headcount, that actually shows a 16% improvement since we're marking off of the ending headcount of 2013. And so we actually haven't gotten the benefit in the productivity number of that marginally lower headcount growth you talked about. As Gene mentioned earlier, the 14% in Q4, if you actually do the math and extend out the decimal places you're looking at, you'll see we were within 1 or 2 additional salespeople of being at 15%. And so I think it's roughly noise that we bounced around a little bit below the 15% mark. We're targeting 15% to 20%. We've been achieving roughly 15%, and we believe we can drive the kind of productivity that we've been driving with consistent 15-plus percent growth.
Anjaneya Singh - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. That's helpful. And then, on the Consulting business, we notice that backlog growth was negative in Q4 after double-digit growth for the first 3 quarters. Could you just talk about the drivers behind that? How much of that is attributable to FX drag? And Consulting utilization is the highest we've seen in a while. Can you discuss how we should think about that metric going forward?
Craig Safian: Yes, it's a great question. So we actually had a great quarter in terms of revenue burn, and that's reflected in both the utilization and the bill rate as well as the annualized revenue for billable. And we were able to do that because of the strong backlog position that we were in coming out of Q2 and Q3. As we look forward, even though the backlog is modestly down on a year-over-year basis, and again there's some impact there due to foreign exchange, what -- we look at the quality of the backlog and we look at the pipeline of future deals. And the combination of the quality of the backlog coupled with the pipeline of Q1 bookings, gives us confident that the trend on our labor-based business will continue.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Andre Benjamin from Goldman Sachs.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just want to follow-up on the question about the recruiting and the labor force. I was wondering, is the underlying trend in line with the 15% to 20% you've discussed in the past? And as we think about the growth in total SG&A versus the number of underlying salespeople, are you seeing any changes in the underlying wage pressures?
Eugene A. Hall: So what I -- first of all, in terms of our turnover, our turnover among our salespeople over the last few years have been trending down. It's been having fewer people turn over and it's well within the range we talked about and right kind of where we want it to be. And that's because again we've been -- done a better job of hiring people that are likely to be successful here over time and then providing them with the training tools. And so, the turnover sales force, I think, is at a terrific level. And as I said, over the last few years has been trending down as opposed to getting worse. It's been actually getting better.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And the wages, I'm assuming that's not a pressure for you out there.
Eugene A. Hall: So we pay competitive wages. We always have. Gartner is a place that if you want it's a great place to work in sales. We have a great reputation for anybody who wants to be in technology sales. And that reputation and people know kind of how great the market is, the strength of the brand, the things that they get equipped when they come to Gartner, those are all attractive things. Having said that, we also pay competitive rates, and we've not seen a lot of pressure there.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Gary Bisbee from RBC Capital Markets.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to confirm. You said that the guidance implies flat to slightly up sales productivity, and -- I think. And given that it was much stronger in the back half and it would seem likely that you would sort of lap a lower level in the first half, should we think of that as potentially very conservative? Or are there reasons that that's a good baseline assumption?
Craig Safian: Gary, I think it's -- we calculate the productivity on a rolling 4-quarter basis. And so it captures all 4 quarters of the last year. And as we talked about each quarter, when we looked at on a standalone basis, was actually up significantly over the prior year quarter. So I think that the rolling 4 for 2014 is definitely a good benchmark.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then your comment earlier, Craig, that it would take 15% to 17% CV growth to really see SG&A leverage, is that just a simple math of you're going to grow the sales force at least 15% so you got to see growth in excess of that to get margin leverage basically?
Craig Safian: In its simplest terms, yes, that's exactly right.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just one on the cash flow. Is it right to assume that the cash flow is a pretty similar proportion overseas to the 40% that you talked about revenue and costs? And if so, I guess, it implies that you're going to have to borrow $200 million roughly this year to fulfill the buyback program. So I just wanted to confirm that, that is in -- being included in the $15 million to $16 million interest expense forecast you provided.
Craig Safian: Yes, it's a great point. So our cash flow generation looks just like our revenue and expense mix. So roughly 60% in USD, 40% non-USD currency. And our guidance presumes that whatever borrowing activity we need to do to fulfill our business and meet the expectations that we talk about.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jason Anderson from Stifel.
Jason P. Anderson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: On the Events business, on your guidance there, could you help us out with the number of events? is it going to be flattish? Or you plan on increasing that? And also within those, are there any changes to the events or maybe you're escalating any more up to Symposium level which you obviously get higher revenue and margins off of?
Craig Safian: So as we talked about, we're expecting 65 events in 2015 versus the 64 we delivered in 2014. So modest, modest increase in number of events there, which has been consistent with what we've done over the last several years. And no major plans to convert any events in 2015.
Jason P. Anderson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And then also in the 4Q '14, the attendee per event seemed to be down a bit. Is that more of a mix of events? Or is there anything more to that?
Craig Safian: Yes, I wouldn't read too much into that. If you look at just about every metric related to the Events business in the fourth quarter, they're all spectacular, up around 20% growth. So the attendee per event would just be a mix thing. And we were able to get great attendee and exhibitor growth at all of our events in the fourth quarter.
Jason P. Anderson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And on the acquisition front, I was wondering if you could maybe -- I know we've asked this before, but characterize maybe how things are looking in the pipeline. I'm just -- and the reason I ask it again is with the recent -- your increase in liquidity levels in your dry powder, so to speak, I'm just interested in your comments on how that environment is looking.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, it's Gene. The -- our pipeline looks great. We have a very strong acquisition pipeline. As always, it depends on the sellers' interest and willingness and what the pricing is going to be. But in terms of pipeline of targets that would be great strategic fits, would be terrific for the company, we have a very robust pipeline.
Jason P. Anderson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: And just one more little add on to that. Has that changed from as it is now versus maybe 6 months ago, 12 months ago?
Eugene A. Hall: I'd say, there's no change. We've a had robust pipeline 6 months ago. We have a robust pipeline now.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Bill Bird from FBR.
William G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: In Consulting, could you talk about why the business showed a negative incremental margin in Q4? And then, as you look at kind of overall guidance, what do you think is required to hit the upper end of your earnings guidance range for the year?
Craig Safian: So on your first question, the real reason was a lower Contract Optimization revenue in fourth quarter as compared to fourth quarter of 2013. So that's the prime driver for the margin there. In terms of your question around guidance, as always, we take a consistent approach to how we develop our operating plans and our guidance. The high-end would be we see acceleration and productivity, we outperform our initial plans across each of our business units and things of that nature. So consistent with years past, we put a range that we think is attainable on both sides. And the other piece that could actually play in there obviously is FX. And so if the dollar were to weaken, obviously the results would look a little bit different. We're -- we are very focused on making sure we continue to drive very strong double-digit constant currency growth around the world. We operate around the world and we want to drive our business to grow double-digits in euros and pounds and yen and what have you. That's where we're really focused on. But top end would be things outperform modestly and potentially a little bit of a benefit from foreign exchange.
William G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And finally, could you give us a refresher on, I guess, how you think about financial criteria on acquisitions?
Craig Safian: Sure. Before we get to the financial criteria, as you know, we've been very disciplined and diligent around writing checks on acquisitions. And so we really do flex on making sure that it is a great fit strategically, both from a business perspective, from a culture perspective, from a people perspective. And those are very tough thresholds to get across, which is, again, why we've done so few acquisitions over the last several years. From a financial criteria perspective, we are looking for outsized returns on the investment so that we continue to drive shareholder value through that, as well as driving our business organically as well as returning capital to shareholders. But we've got pretty stringent strategic criteria and then fairly stringent or very stringent financial criteria as well.
William G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And is there any specific criteria around whether a deal is immediately accretive or not?
Craig Safian: Bill, it's going to vary based on how strong the fit is and how strong the strategic thrust of a potential target is or strategic fit of a potential target. So we're not going to say that every deal we do, it will be accretive immediately. If it's the right deal for the long term, we'll deal with whatever the short-term ramifications are. But the reality is we look at it as the right deal for the long term, not the short term.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets.
Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: You mentioned the price increase in Research this year was 3% at the low end of the historical 3% to 6% range. Are you seeing any pricing pressure on there? Or is it just specifically because of the stronger U.S. dollar?
Craig Safian: No, we've done 3 to 6. And again when you look at our price increase what it implies is some products were taking up higher than that, and some products lower; some markets higher than that, some products -- or some markets a little bit lower with the average being around 3%. What we found over the last several years is that 3% on average is really a sweet spot for us. If there are opportunities to go higher we go higher. But generally speaking we've been achieving 3% per year for the last several years.
Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And just a follow-up on the stronger U.S. dollar. You mentioned a 60-40 breakdown in total revenues, U.S. versus non-U.S. Does it dramatically differ by your 3 segments? And if so, how?
Craig Safian: No, it's pretty consistent, amazingly, across the board. That -- there's a little bit of variability there, but by and large, that average roughly applies to each of our 3 business segments.
Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And then within that 40% bucket, again, any specific changes by different divisions?
Craig Safian: No. Our business, as we have it structured, is a very global business and we have people selling and delivering each of those businesses in the local geographies where we do the business. So you won't see a big change. The average is pretty applicable across the entire business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from the line of Bill Warmington from Wells Fargo.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So a question for you about the 5-week Academy training program, if you could talk a little bit about where you are in the rollout of that program across the organization.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, we're -- during 2015, it will be rolled out around the world.
Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So about how -- say, on a percentage basis, about how much is currently -- what's the geographic coverage currently?
Eugene A. Hall: I think if you think about for the salespeople that we are hiring in 2015, all of them will be trained in the academy program. There might be some really just an area, but in general you can think about virtually everybody will be trained in the academy program.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, on the sales force side, if you could talk a little bit about what role inside sales plays in that growth of the sales force headcount and also the impact on sales force productivity.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, we have an inside sales team. Most of our sales force actually is in the field. They both have great productivity numbers. So they're both part of our strategy. But again, the majority of our sales force is in the field.
Operator: At this time, we have no other questions in the queue. I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Brian Shipman for your closing remarks.
Brian Shipman: Thank you, everyone, for being with us on today's Q4 2014 earnings call. Before we let you go, we'd like to remind you that we'll be hosting our Annual Investor Day in New York City next Thursday, February 12. It will be a great opportunity to hear from Gene and other senior leaders of the company. So if you have any other further questions about Investor Day or the fourth quarter, please don't hesitate to contact us and we'll see next week in New York. Thanks for your interest in Gartner.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect and enjoy your day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Shipman - Group Vice President of Investor Relations Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer and Director Craig Safian - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Matthew Hill Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Anjaneya Singh - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Ryan Leonard - Barclays Capital, Research Division Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division John D. Crowther - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division William G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets Canada Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Gartner's Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter 2014. A replay of this call will be available through December 6, 2014. The replay can be accessed by dialing (888) 286-8010 for domestic calls and (617) 801-6888 for international calls, and by entering the pass code 49062371. This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be archived on Gartner's website at www.gartner.com for approximately 90 days. I will now turn the conference over to Brian Shipman, Gartner's Group Vice President of Investor Relations, for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Shipman: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. This call will include a discussion of Q3 2014 financial results, as disclosed in today's press release. After our prepared remarks, you will have an opportunity to ask questions. I would like to remind everyone that the press release is available on our website, and that URL is gartner.com. Before we begin, we need to remind you that certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2014 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. The company undertakes no obligation to update any of its forward-looking statements. With that, I'd like to hand the call over to Gartner's CEO, Gene Hall. Gene?
Eugene A. Hall: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Q3 2014 earnings call. Well, our business is accelerating. The continued successful execution of our proven strategy drove another strong quarter, with revenue growth at 15% on a reported basis. We delivered robust performances across the business. Research, our largest and most profitable segment, grew at 14% FX-neutral, continuing our trend of double-digit contract value growth in every region across every client size in every industry segment. For the third quarter of 2014, enterprise client retention was at 84%, up 1 point over the same quarter in 2013. Enterprise wallet retention was 105%, also up 1 point over Q3 2013. Our Consulting business delivered a tremendous performance for the quarter. Consulting revenues increased 17% compared to Q3 2013, and the backlog was up 16% over the same period. Our Events business also delivered a fantastic performance. As we told you in the past, our events can shift from 1 quarter to another, so it's often better to evaluate our results on a same-event basis. So for the 12 events we delivered in Q3, on a same-events basis, we drove a revenue increase of 18% year-over-year. We continue to deploy our capital strategically. Year-to-date, we have repurchased more than $387 million of our shares, which is up $80 million over last quarter, and puts us very close to our overall target of $400 million for 2014. Craig will give you more details on all of our business results in a moment. I just returned from the largest of our flagship conference series, Symposium/ITxpo, in Orlando, Florida. We achieved sold-out status for this event. In addition, the caliber of our audience continues to improve. This year in Orlando, we hosted 2,700 CIOs. I met with a number of these CIOs and enterprise leaders from a diverse array of industries. These leaders are incredibly excited about the impact of IT on their enterprises and the critical role Gartner plays in achieving their enterprise's objectives. I also had the opportunity to speak with a large number of our salespeople, some of whom have been to several Symposium events and some of whom, this was their first. Whether new or experienced, all of them had an incredible excitement and enthusiasm about the event, Gartner's brand and our market opportunity. Our annual Symposium/ITxpo conference series is composed of 8 events held in different locations around the globe: in addition to Orlando, we've already hosted the event in Dubai; Cape Town, South Africa; Goa, India; Tokyo, Japan; and Sao Paulo, Brazil. And over the next couple of weeks, we'll host the remaining 2 events in Barcelona, Spain; and the Gold Coast of Australia. Gartner's Symposium/ITxpo is an incredible demonstration of our value. We are the best source of help for enterprise leaders launching critical initiatives. It truly is the world's most important gathering of CIOs and senior IT executives. There's nothing else like it on the planet. One of the primary reasons our Events business and our overall business have been so successful is our people. Gartner is a people business. Over the past several years, we've made significant investments in our people. We've invested in recruiting and in training. We've improved our customer service processes. In Consulting, we invested in our managing partner program. We invested heavily in improving sales productivity. And these investments are paying off. We're seeing improvements in sales productivity. Our Consulting business is delivering record-breaking results. We're attracting the best talent in the industry and getting them up to speed quickly. The insights we create, the advice we deliver and the overall experience for our customers has never been better, and we're not slowing down. We'll continue to improve and innovate across every area of our business. We know how to be successful in any economic environment. We're relevant whether institution is growing or facing economic challenges. We continue to deliver double-digit results in our key operating metrics due to the tremendous value we deliver to our clients. I remain confident and excited about Gartner. The Gartner brand is in a class by itself. Our products, services and people are superior to the competition. We have a great business model, and we continue to be more relevant to virtually every enterprise in the world. And with that, I'd like to hand the call over to Craig.
Craig Safian: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. During the third quarter, Gartner continued its strong performance with double-digit growth in contract value and revenue, putting the company in a solid position to deliver double-digit revenue and earnings growth for the full year. Year-over-year FX-neutral contract value growth accelerated from 13% to 14% in the quarter, and retention rates again ended at or near all-time highs. Our Events business increased revenues by 18% year-over-year on a same-event and FX-neutral basis. And finally, our Consulting business grew revenues by 17% on an FX-neutral basis for the third quarter on the strength of both our labor-based Consulting business and our Contract Optimization practice. We continued to see robust demand for our services across all of our business segments in the third quarter and, as a result, are increasing our outlook for the full year. Our business continues to grow at double-digit rates quarter after quarter, year-after-year. And this is why we continue to be excited about our prospects for future growth. Our products and services provide great value to the IT, supply chain and marketing professionals we work with. We are engaged on their most important initiatives and projects. Our strong and improving retention metrics demonstrate the value and importance of our products and services. In both existing and prospect accounts, we are finding new IT, supply chain and marketing professionals to sell to every day. We are confident that we will continue to deliver consistent revenue growth and strong financial performance over the long term. I'll now provide a review of our 3 business segments for the third quarter, and we will end with details of our revised outlook for the remainder of 2014 before taking your questions. Starting with Research. Research revenue was up 15% on an as-reported and FX-neutral basis in the third quarter and grew 13% excluding the impact of acquisitions. The contribution margin for Research was 69% in the third quarter, very close to our gross contribution margin target of 70% for this segment. The other key Research business metrics also remained strong. Contract value grew to a record level of $1.486 billion, a growth rate of 12% year-over-year on a reported basis and 14% on an FX-neutral basis. Significantly, this reflects continued acceleration from the last few quarters when our FX-neutral contract value growth ranged between 12% and 13%. As has been true over the past several years, our growth in contract value in Q3 was extremely broad-based, with every region, every client size, and every industry segment growing at double-digit rates. We'll next cover retention rates and new business. Our client retention rate at the enterprise level ended the quarter at 84%, up 1 point versus the same quarter last year, and we've maintained client retention at roughly 84% for the past 2 years. Wallet retention at the enterprise level ended at 105% in the third quarter, an uptick of 1 point over last year's third quarter. Wallet retention is higher than client retention due to a combination of increased spending by retained clients and the fact that we retain a higher percentage of our larger clients. As we have discussed in the past, our retention metrics are reported on a rolling 4-quarter basis in order to eliminate any seasonality. New business again increased nicely year-over-year. The new-business mix is consistent with prior quarters and remains balanced between sales to new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. Our contract value growth also continues to benefit from our discipline of annual price increases and no discounting. We have increased our prices by 3% to 6% per year since 2005, and we will do so again during the current fourth quarter. We also continue to see strong volume growth in our new business. This reflects our success in continuing to grow the business by penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing client enterprises. As a result, we ended the quarter with 9,279 client enterprises, up 9% over last year's third quarter. Additionally, our average spend per enterprise continues to increase, again, reflecting our ability to grow our contract value by driving growth in both new and existing enterprises. I also want to spend a moment addressing sales productivity. We provide all the inputs so that you can calculate sales productivity on your own. Today, I thought I'd discuss this in more detail to ensure we are using a common language. As we have detailed in the past, we look at sales productivity as the net contract value increase, what we call NCVI, per account executive. We look at it on a rolling 4-quarter basis to eliminate seasonality and, as discussed at Investor Day, we use opening sales headcount as the period denominator. Over the last 12 months, we grew our contract value by $179 million in FX-neutral terms. Using our Q3 2013 ending sales headcount of 1,605 as our beginning-of-period denominator yields NCVI per AE of $111,000 on a rolling 4-quarter basis, up from where we ended 2013 and both Q1 and Q2 of 2014. When we look at Q3 year-to-date or the stand-alone third quarter, you will see that our NCVI productivity per AE is up approximately 28% on both measures as compared to the prior year period. To sum up, we delivered another strong quarter in our Research business. Contract value growth accelerated from 2013, as we expected. We continue to see strong demand from clients. Our retention rates remain at or near all-time highs, and we continue to expect acceleration and productivity, contract value and revenue growth over the long term. Turning now to Events. For the quarter, our Events segment continued a 4-year trend of extremely strong year-over-year revenue growth on a same-event basis. On a reported basis, the fact that we had 4 fewer events in this year's third quarter affected the year-over-year comparison of our operating results. As you'll recall, this was reflected in our discussion around Q3 expectations on our last earnings call. In the third quarter, Events revenue decreased 3% year-over-year on a reported basis and decreased 2% on an FX-neutral basis. During the third quarter, we held 12 events with 5,606 attendees compared to 16 events with 6,353 attendees in the third quarter of 2013. On a same-event and FX-neutral basis, Events revenue was up 18% year-over-year in the third quarter. The gross contribution margin for Events of 30% for Q3 was unchanged from the third quarter a year ago, despite the move of 4 events out of this year's third quarter. Q4 is typically our largest Events revenue quarter, and 2014 is no different. You will hear later that we have increased our outlook for the Events business, and this is largely driven by the strength we are seeing across our global Symposium series of events. Symposium is our event series for CIOs, and our performance this year is exceeding our initial expectations. We have now held all but 2 of our 2014 global Symposia series, and as Gene mentioned, the remaining 2 are happening over the next 2 weeks. In each of the Symposia that have occurred, we have seen healthy growth in attendees. But even more importantly, we've been able to grow the number of CIO attendees at these events at an even greater pace. We'll provide much more color on our next quarterly earnings call once all these events have been completed and when the numbers are finalized. Moving on to Consulting. Revenues in Consulting increased 17% on both the reported and FX-neutral basis in the third quarter. We showed strength across the entire business with our labor-based business recording 13% revenue growth in the quarter. On the labor-based side, billable headcount of 534 was up 4% from the third quarter of 2013. Third quarter utilization was 65%, a 7-point improvement over the third quarter of last year, and annualized revenue per billable headcount ended the quarter at $423,000, a 13% improvement over Q3 of last year. As we have discussed in the past, our Contract Optimization practice has more variability than the other parts of our Consulting business. The third quarter continued the strength we saw in the first half, and we now expect the full year results to be stronger than prior years in this part of our Consulting business. Across the entire Consulting business, we continue to see strong demand for our services, and our strategy of investing in managing partners is allowing us to capture that demand. We now have 86 managing partners, an increase of 8% from a year ago. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our Consulting business, ended the quarter at $112 million. This represents 16% growth year-over-year and a healthy 4 months of backlog. With the current backlog and visibility we have into the pipeline, the Consulting business is positioned to continue to deliver solid results for 2014. Moving down the income statement. SG&A increased by $35 million year-over-year during the third quarter, primarily driven by the growth in our sales force. As of September 30, we had 1,820 quota-bearing sales associates, an increase of 215 or 13% from a year ago. For the full year, we expect to grow the sales force by roughly 15%. In the third quarter, SG&A was higher as a percentage of revenues due to Q3 being one of our seasonally smaller quarters, the move of events out of the quarter in the Events segment as well as continued investments in our recruiting and training capabilities. On a year-to-date basis, SG&A trends are more in line with what we have experienced historically. Moving now to earnings. Normalized EBITDA was $75 million in the third quarter, essentially flat with last year's third quarter, and GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.38, down 5% year-over-year. Our Q3 2014 GAAP diluted earnings per share includes $0.06 in amortization and other costs associated with our acquisitions. Excluding acquisition-related charges, our normalized EPS grew 7% to $0.44 in the third quarter. Our third quarter earnings reflect seasonality and the move of 4 events that I just mentioned a moment ago. Turning now to cash. Operating cash flow increased by 14% to $276 million during the first 9 months of 2014 compared with the same period a year ago. During the third quarter, we continued to utilize our cash to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases. In the quarter, we repurchased over 1.1 million shares and we used approximately $82 million of cash for share repurchases. As of September 30, we had $454 million remaining on our $800 million authorization. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet and cash position, despite the more aggressive pace of share repurchases and the acquisitions we've done through Q3. As of September 30, we had debt of $370 million and cash of $341 million, with 95% of our cash balance located outside of the U.S.. Our credit facility runs through March 2018, and at this time, provides us with about $367 million of remaining borrowing capacity. We have ample cash flow and liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive shareholder value. We continue to look for attractive acquisition opportunities as a potential use of cash. We also continue to believe that repurchasing our shares remains a compelling use of our capital. Absent other significant opportunities to deploy cash, we now expect to repurchase greater than $400 million of our own shares this year. Turning now to guidance. Based upon our year-to-date results, our outlook for Q4 and current foreign exchange rates, we are increasing our outlook and also tightening the ranges of our previously issued guidance. As you know, our normal business trends do show seasonality. Our fourth quarter is typically our largest events quarter, a large Consulting quarter and our largest contract value growth quarter. All the figures I'm going to give you are contained in our press release, but I did want to highlight a number of the upward adjustments we've made to our 2014 outlook. We have increased the top end of our total revenue guidance by $25 million and the bottom end by $45 million. This makes our new total revenue range for 2014, $2.005 billion to $2.030 billion. This range represents 12% to 14% total revenue growth versus 2013. The new range for Research revenue reflects an increase to the top end of guidance of $5 million, and an increase to the bottom end of $15 million. The new Research revenue range is $1.45 billion to $1.46 billion or 14% to 15% growth. The upward revisions reflect the acceleration of the growth rate for contract value this year. For Events segment revenue in 2014, we are raising the bottom end by $10 million to $220 million and the top end by $5 million to $225 million. This new range yields 11% to 13% growth. The updated outlook for Events is supported by our year-to-date performance as well as the positive view on our Q4 events, most notably, our Symposium series that was discussed earlier. Finally, for Consulting segment revenue in 2014, we are raising the bottom end by $20 million and the top end by $15 million. The new range in Consulting segment revenues we expect for 2014 is $335 million to $345 million or 7% to 10% growth for the full year. Given the strength and demand across all of our businesses, we are also raising our earnings guidance. Specifically, for normalized EBITDA at 2014, we are raising the bottom end of our guidance by $10 million. This makes the new range for normalized EBITDA $385 million to $400 million or 11% to 16% annual growth. We also expect free cash flow to be higher by $5 million on the lower end. The details around the components of free cash flow are in our press release. For adjusted EPS in 2014, we have raised the bottom end of guidance by $0.08 per share. Our new guidance range is $2.26 to $2.35 per share. This yields 15% to 19% year-over-year growth. We still expect full year acquisition and integration charges of approximately $30 million. Thus, our full year GAAP EPS guidance has increased to $2.05 to $2.14 per share, which also reflects our improved outlook. Please note that GAAP EPS is approximately $0.21 lower than normalized EPS for the full year due to acquisition-related charges. We also now expect that on December 31, 2014, we will have fewer than 89 million fully diluted shares outstanding. For the full year, the weighted average fully diluted share count will be approximately 91.5 million shares. Given the increased full year EPS guidance, the implied range for our fourth quarter guidance for normalized EPS is now $0.74 to $0.83 per share. Before wrapping up, I wanted to take a moment to discuss foreign exchange and the impact of currency fluctuation on our results. We are a global company with both revenues and expenses denominated in many currencies outside of the U.S. dollar. Our mix of revenues and expenses are roughly matched by currency around the world, creating a natural hedge from our earnings perspective. Currency fluctuations have a much lesser impact in dollar terms on earnings than they do on reported revenues. We provide transparency for our investors by providing both reported and FX-neutral results on most of our key measures. As you have seen recently, the U.S. dollar has strengthened against some key currencies. This happened over the back half of the third quarter and actually accelerated during October. We've reflected these impacts into our guidance utilizing recent exchange rates. These recent exchange rates had a modest negative impact on our outlook for reported revenues, and are reflected in the guidance range as we just discussed. So before taking your questions, let me summarize. We delivered another strong quarter in Q3. Demand for our services is robust. And as a result, our research contract value growth rate accelerated, and we generated double-digit total revenue growth. Our key business metrics remain strong and in fact, many, most notably retention, CV growth and sales productivity, improved in the third quarter. Our initiatives to improve operational effectiveness, coupled with a positive operating leverage inherent in our businesses, delivered solid earnings and cash flow growth for the first 9 months of the year. And we continue to actively explore strategic alternatives for deploying our cash. Going forward, we will continue to invest in our business organically and through acquisitions and return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program. Finally, with double-digit growth in contract value in the third quarter of 2014, we remain well positioned to deliver another year of double-digit revenue and earnings growth for the full year 2014. Now I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Okay. Your first question comes from Jeff Meuler from R.W. Baird.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes. I hate to be the [indiscernible] that does this, but it's too warm [ph] to not to. Gene, the acceleration that you guys are seeing, could you just talk about how broad-based it is? How much of this is kind of anniversary-ing the pockets of weakness that you saw a year ago? Or just anything you could say on the breadth of the acceleration.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, Jeff, great question. So the -- what we've seen is an acceleration that is broad around the world. As I mentioned before, double-digit growth in every geography, every industry. And so it's really very broad-based. You have a good point. There is a -- at this time last year, we had some areas that were performing below our expectations, and so the -- we do have that comparison point.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then you guys, it sounds like, you're seeing the list in sales force productivity following the changes that you made. And I think, the headcount was only up 13% year-over-year this quarter. How are you thinking about sales force headcount planning heading into '15?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. So our sales force headcount planning remains the same as it has been in the past, which is we're planning to grow our sales headcount 15% to 20% a year consistently.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: But I guess, you slowed it down towards the lower end of the range, I don't know, 18, 24 months ago because you were seeing productivity come down. Now we're seeing productivity come up. So should we more be thinking about accelerating the headcount growth towards the top end of the range?
Eugene A. Hall: Again, as Craig said, so for this year, we're expecting approximately 15% headcount growth. Next year, we haven't given a specific guidance for next year, but again, our long-term target is 15% to 20% a year. I wouldn't take the kind of 13% for this quarter as anything meaningful other than just kind of noise. As an example, we train people in classes. And so if 1 class falls in 1 quarter and not another quarter, that can be enough to even swing that. And so I would take it at -- the 13% in this particular quarter, as just noise as opposed to indicative of something else.
Operator: Okay. Next question comes from Tim McHugh from William Blair.
Matthew Hill: This is Matt Hill in for Tim McHugh. My first question on the Consulting line, seeing broad-based growth across all the different practice areas, can you give an idea of the ranges? How tightly you're seeing the growth between them? Is there one that's really driving results there? And then, noticing the improvement in that space, could we -- in utilization and the productivity of the consultants, is there any area to increase headcount growth there as well?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. So I love -- I'll do the second question first, which is that as we grow our business, there is an opportunity to grow the headcount growth. With the backlog up at such a -- the kind of double-digit rates it's up, I think it will lead to headcount growth, so we can deliver all the stuff we're selling. And we see robust demand continuing.
Craig Safian: Yes. Matt, the only other thing I'd add is, as Gene mentioned, with the backlog growth we're seeing, we're seeing improvements in our efficiency metrics, utilization, bill rate, annualized revenue per billable. It really all goes back strategically to our investment in the managing partners. And with the end game being, we've got professional sellers and deliverers of our Consulting business oriented by vertical industry. We've seen growth across all of the industries, but their ability to generate large recurring relationships will allow us to drive better efficiency metrics and also increase headcount over time as the backlog increases.
Matthew Hill: Okay, great. And then on the Contract Optimization piece, I think in the past, we'd spoke about maybe some of that work pulling forward into the first half of the year and maybe down in the second half. So -- but it sounds like that continued into the third quarter. Just expectations in the fourth quarter, and if there is enough work out there that it keeps filling in whatever you think got pulled forward.
Craig Safian: Yes. The strength in that business has continued. And we expect it to stick now, which is one of the reasons why we raised the full year outlook for the Consulting business. But the other thing worth noting is that the labor-based business, as I mentioned earlier, was up 13% year-over-year in the quarter. We continue to see great strength in that business as well. So it's a combination of upside on the Contract Optimization business, but also some real nice strength in the labor-based business. And the other thing worth mentioning is, we had a very strong Q4 last year. So it's a little bit of a tough comp on a year-over-year basis. But I would focus in on the 7% to 10% full year growth that we're now projecting for that segment.
Matthew Hill: Okay, great. And then just one kind of quick numbers one, I think, modest impact from currency. Is there any -- do you want to give a number around that at all on the guidance, what you're seeing there?
Craig Safian: It's order of magnitude, less than 1% of total revenues based on what we are seeing today from an exchange rate perspective. Obviously, if the dollar continues to strengthen, that will change. But it's not an enormous impact versus our original planning assumptions.
Operator: Next question comes from Joseph Foresi from Janney.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I was wondering, on the Research side, we're getting closer to that 70% margin target. Can you give us an update on where -- how high you think that margin can go? And maybe some idea on the trajectory from here going forward.
Craig Safian: So what we've said in the past, and actually, the way we manage our business is we expect a 70% margin in that business over the long term. We feel that to continue to deliver great service and great value to our clients and drive the kind of retention rates that we're driving, we need to continue to invest in that business to make sure we've got the right analyst covering the right topics, the right service people interacting with the clients at the right time, et cetera. So from a modeling perspective, our expectation is 70%, and then ride at that level into the future. The one thing worth mentioning, though, is as Research today is the biggest part of our business and is growing at the fastest pace, Research will continue to be a bigger and bigger piece of the overall Gartner pie. And that will drive gross margin leverage for us even if we flatten out at the 70% incremental margin on Research.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then on the Consulting side, was there any lumpy projects in there? And should we consider that to be a sustainable uptick? I'm just wondering whether demand picked up or what was driving that, including the backlog?
Eugene A. Hall: Joe, it was not lumpy projects. Basically, it was sort of broad-based demand with the same kind of projects that you see normally, which are not lumpy at all, actually. And as Craig mentioned, and as we've talked about before, we've had a strategy of adding management partners over the last several years. And we think the addition of those management partners is what's driving the fundamental growth in that business.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then the last one for me. Sales productivity also seemed to take a significant uptick here. How should we think about that versus the hiring in that business? Is this is a new level? Or will it fluctuate and then step up gradually over time?
Craig Safian: So on the sales productivity side, on a rolling 4-quarter basis, it's a modest improvement. As I mentioned earlier, if you look at a Q3 year-to-date or Q3 stand-alone, it was obviously a much more significant improvement. But Q4 is a very large quarter for us. And so rolling 4-quarters is probably the best way to look at it. So we're pleased and we expect it to see modest improvement. If you go back and do the math, we've achieved higher levels of productivity in the past, and it is our goal to, over time, get back to those levels. So I wouldn't expect to see any big jumps in sales productivity, but we're focused on driving continued and consistent improvements to that metric.
Operator: Next question comes from Anj Singh from Crdit Suisse.
Anjaneya Singh - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess, first, a little bit again on the Research consulting -- Research contribution margins. I know you guys speak to the 70% long-term target, but the contribution margin this quarter was down, the lowest that we've probably seen in 4 or 5 quarters. I'm wondering if you can sort of discuss the investments that might be driving that towards the lower end of your long-term guidance?
Craig Safian: Anj, good question. The way we've looked at it is things can bump around a little bit quarter-to-quarter. And so if you look at it on a year-to-date basis, it's a little bit of different story. Again, our expectation for the full year also is to be in between 69% and 70% on the gross margin. So while it looks a little wonky in the stand-alone quarter, I think trend-wise, rolling 4-quarter, Q3 year-to-date, it all looks pretty solid.
Anjaneya Singh - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And then, on your Events business, it looked rather strong despite having 4 less events year-over-year. I think you mentioned 18% up on a same-events basis. I'm wondering if you can help us understand the dynamics behind that trend, and if you can sort of discuss what sort of pricing increases you're seeing in your Events business.
Craig Safian: Sure. So I'll start with the price increase. As we continue to drive demand at these Events, we're able to take up prices, and we've done that consistently over the last few years. I mean, nothing dramatic but we've been able to increase prices both on the attendees' side and the exhibitors' side, which obviously helps us from a flow-through perspective. In terms of demand, I think it comes back to people getting great value or continuing to get great value out of Gartner Research. And the Events business is really just an extension of that. And whatever the topic is or whatever role the individual is in, in an IT organization, they continue to get huge value out of carving out a few days to go to our events. And so we don't expect that to stop. We expect that to continue. It's, again, why we're so focused on making sure that we make the right investments in our research business to make sure that our content and our intellectual property is consistently top notch. But because of that top-notch content, that's what drives the attendees to the events.
Anjaneya Singh - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And one final one for me. Can you discuss what the trends and retention rates look like for your sales force? Is that playing into your hiring patterns or the slight dip in the headcount increase seen this quarter?
Eugene A. Hall: So it's Gene. The trends in our retention of our salespeople is that it's been in the same trend we've had all year, which is better than last year. And we have very good retention of our salespeople, and it has continued to get even better despite the fact that the job market overall in, certainly, some of the markets is heating up.
Operator: Next question comes from Manav Patnaik from Barclays.
Ryan Leonard - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is the Ryan filling in for Manav. Just want to talk about, I guess, a little bit, you mentioned a tough year-over-year comp in Consulting. I mean, it's still a pretty -- just given the backlog and the strong growth, still represents a decent deceleration at the midpoint of your guidance. It's just -- is there anything in there that we should be thinking about? Is that a level of conservatism? Just trying to get some color around that.
Craig Safian: It's a good question, Ryan. I think it's primarily driven around -- and I hate to keep talking about Contract Optimization, but tough compare last year on Contract Optimization, so a little bit of a decline in that business, but we expect to see continued strength on the labor-based business. And it all -- it still looks good, it still looks in trend. You're right, at the midpoint of the guidance, it's declined. At the high end, it's roughly flattish. There's a little bit of foreign exchange in there as well that you have to account for. But the primary driver is an expectation of slightly lower Contract Optimization business off a tough compare from Q4 of 2013.
Ryan Leonard - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And in terms of repurchases, I mean, I know obviously, the -- it's been pretty strong year-to-date. Is that something we should see -- again, a deceleration just based off kind of the total year number? Is the year-to-date trend probably a good gauge for that?
Craig Safian: From a repurchase perspective, we're still sticking to $800 million over the 2-year period. We're obviously close to $400 million through the end of the third quarter. What we said earlier is we'll do more than $400 million this year. And so I think the expectation should still be looked at over a 2-year period.
Ryan Leonard - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. And just any comment you have on kind of M&A environment. We're obviously seeing more robust demand. Is there anything that you see? Has your pipeline kind of changed? Are there more in there? And how is kind of pricing in that environment?
Eugene A. Hall: So we have -- there's no change. We have a robust pipeline, a lot of very interesting potential candidates. It's the same as it has been, really, over a period of years. So no change to pipeline for acquisitions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Bisbee from RBC Capital.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I know that the Symposium in Orlando recently, you've said, was sold out. And I guess, I just wanted to inquire about the rest of that series, given that, that's been an awful lot of the growth in the Events business. If we think about some of these big events being sold out, should we think about that slowing the trajectory of the Events business as we move forward over the next couple of years? Or is there enough room to grow the other ones and to add more into the portfolio such that this would continue to be a growth engine for the business?
Eugene A. Hall: You shouldn't think about that as slowing the growth of our Events business at all. First, we'll continue to add other events. Secondly, even within those events we talked about earlier, where we have capacity limits, we're actually changing the events so that we can get higher prices based on who's going to those events. So we've got kind of a price increase, and the price is not just pure increased pricing, but actually targeting people who get more value and can pay more for those events, combined with adding more events as well. And so you shouldn't think about our Events business growth slowing at all.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just to add one more on Consulting. Should we think about this business now, outside of the fluctuations in Contract Optimization, maybe having better growth prospects than the pretty modest long-term rate you've talked about historically? And just anything else you can say on the demand increases? Is it that the managing partner strategy leads to more ongoing business because they're more of a relationship role? Or is there something changed about how customers are finding value from Gartner's Consulting business?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. So we've had 2 strategies in our Consulting business that have really driven this growth that we've been working on over a period of years. One is to add managing partners, as we talked about. So we have the people that are leading engagements, actually selling the engagements, which is terrific. The second one, which is very important, is to align our Consulting services with what's going on in our Research business, and the key priority is that our Research clients see. And those 2 things are basically driving additional demand for the business. And we see that demand to continue to be sustained over a period of time. Because of those 2 things -- it's not kind of a onetime thing. It's systematic things we've put into place over a period of time that has fundamentally driven increased demand.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just 2 quick ones. Your comment on the FX, I think that was a full year comment. If we sort of backed into it and assumed the rates stayed, it seems to me, it's a 2%-or-so headwind in the fourth quarter and into next year. Is that the right ballpark? And then the second question, just I think, you said 95% of the cash is outside the U.S. What's the long-term strategy to reinvest that cash?
Craig Safian: Sure. So first on the FX. You're right. The comments we made were largely centered around the fourth quarter. And again, this can be a little confusing because we have an expectation when we go into the year, which may be different than what we actually experienced in the fourth quarter of last year. And so we generally are marking up or marking down from that original expectation. Again, when we looked at FX rates, compared to our original expectation, it looked to be about a 1.5% impact on total revenues. And that would potentially, as exchange rates hold where they are, roll into next year. As we talked about, we do have a natural hedge. So we do have our expenses and revenues roughly matched around the world. And so it'll have a more muted impact from a dollar perspective on earnings. On the overseas cash, we continue to invest pretty heavily in our business. We're growing just about everywhere, U.S. and outside of the U.S., and a nice portion of our M&A pipeline also exists outside of the U.S. And so as we look for uses of cash or deployment of that cash, those are the 2 primary things we look at. The reason why we've got debt on our balance sheet is because we've been aggressively repurchasing shares back here in the U.S., and that has allowed us to build up the debt balance on our balance sheet.
Operator: Next question comes from Peter Appert from Piper Jaffray.
John D. Crowther - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Yes, you've got John Crowther on for Peter. I just have a couple of real quick questions here. I'll do all them altogether. One, you talked about the margins in the Research business and how that mix shift of that faster-growing business is going to continue to drive leverage on the COGS line going forward. Wondered if you could just comment about leverage opportunities on the SG&A line as well. Second, taxes, a nice little benefit in this quarter, but full year sort of tracking, I would say, in line with where it's been usual. I understand some volatility there, but just want to know if there's anything we should be thinking about that going forward? And then lastly, on FX, obviously you've addressed it a couple of times here, but to your point on natural hedging, just wanted to understand. Is sort of the flow-through impact pretty similar to sort of your full-end margins in terms of how your EPS would be impacted versus revenue?
Craig Safian: Great, great. So I'll start at the top. So first question was on leverage beyond the gross margin line. So 2 comments there. One is we've consistently gotten great leverage out of our G&A cost. As a percentage of revenue, they have come down consistently year-after-year. And that's why we are investing in lots of areas. We're a bigger company with more people. We've scaled up our recruiting capability and things like that. But even with all of that, we've continued to get nice leverage out of the G&A portion of SG&A. On the S side, the reason why we're so focused on sales productivity is as we drive sales productivity up, we can start to get potentially leverage from that line as well. That's more of a long-term view. But as you model out into the future, we'll get leverage on the gross margin line, just based on the pure economics of our business, we'll get leverage on G&A. And as we improve sales productivity, we'll start to look -- level off and then potentially get leverage there. On the tax comment, we did have a onetime adjustment this quarter related to the use of foreign tax credits. It had a big impact on the quarter because it's a small earnings quarter. So call it a roughly $0.02 impact on EPS for the quarter. For a full year perspective, we're still expecting around 32.5% rate. And again, the reason why it was so big is just because the adjustment happened on a small earnings quarter. And then lastly, your question on FX and flow-through. Yes. So what the natural hedge implies is that whatever impact we have on revenue roughly flows through at our operating margin.
Operator: Okay. Next question comes from Bill Bird from FBR Capital.
William G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: So just a follow-up on SG&A. So for Q4, are you expecting to see some moderation in SG&A growth?
Craig Safian: So I think on a full year basis, we'd expect to see what we've historically seen, which is for the full year, SG&A as a percentage of revenue will increase slightly over what we saw from 2013.
William G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then for Events, I was wondering if you could speak to what you are seeing in advanced bookings for exhibitors and attendees.
Eugene A. Hall: So advanced bookings for Events have been strong across the board. The kind of growth we talked about for the Q3 events, we're seeing great strength in our advanced bookings as well.
Craig Safian: And Bill, if you look at -- the reason we raised our guidance on the Events is because of our confidence around the advanced bookings and advanced registrations at the Events in fourth quarter that have happened and will happen.
William G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Great. And just one final question. I'm curious why the free cash flow guidance was unchanged, while the earnings guidance range moved up.
Craig Safian: We actually -- we took the bottom end of the free cash flow up by $5 million.
Operator: Next question comes from Jerry Herman from Stifel.
Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Gene, I just wanted to revisit the sales force question again. I know you guys have talked about this 15% to 20% target. The third quarter was below that and you recognized that as noise. I'm just wondering in light of the tougher, let's call it, employment environment, the job growth getting stronger and also, the law of large numbers getting more challenging, is that -- is it really realistic to drive towards 20%? Or should we really think about the lower end of that range?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, Jerry, great question. Gartner is a fabulous place for salespeople to be at. If -- selling in technology is a great place to be. If you are selling technology, Gartner's kind of the best place even within that. So it is an incredibly attractive place for sales people. And you see that in the fact that we have low turnover among our sales force. So with any kind of sales force like we have, if you benchmark it, we have quite low turnover. And as I mentioned, despite the job arc getting worse in terms of hotter, our turnover actually has gotten better. In terms of recruiting, because it's such an attractive place to be, we don't have a problem recruiting with people at all. If you look at the numbers of people we need to hire each year, it is just tiny compared to the total market out there. And as I said, we're a tremendously attractive place to be for salespeople. So we don't see any limits in terms of the market. The real limits are our ability to have the right kind of recruiting, training, et cetera, as opposed to market. And we think we've got that capability for the 15% to 20% range, both now and going forward.
Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And Craig, I just want to revisit the currency question again. I know it's sort of the topic of the day. But if currency rates remained unchanged as they are right now, could you estimate the impact in next year? Would it be in sort of that 1.5%, 2% range?
Craig Safian: Yes. I think that it's -- the last time we ran the calc, it was around 1.5%.
Operator: Next question comes from Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets.
Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets Canada: It's Henry Chien calling in for Jeff. I was wondering if you could touch upon in -- on the double-digit growth rates by vertical. Are you seeing any acceleration in certain verticals? And maybe touch upon the overall macro environment. Are you seeing any acceleration or slowdown in the overall economy?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. Again, so we have seen great double-digit growth across all of our -- as I mentioned, all of our size clients, all of our industry segments and all of our geographic segments. And it's very broad-based demand. In terms of the macroeconomic environment, I think, no change.
Operator: Next question comes from Andre Benjamin from Goldman Sachs.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I know it's small, but I was just wondering whether you could talk a little bit about Software Advice. We haven't heard about it in a while. I think I heard that it contributed 2% to Research growth during the quarter, so that's about $6 million. I don't know if you have any updated thoughts on the growth opportunity at the very-small-company end of the market, both organically or via M&A?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. So I think small end of the market -- as we've talked about, Software Advice serves companies that are smaller than the companies that our traditional IT business has served. And we believe that there is tens of millions of those companies that are in the Software Advice sweet spot. And so we see that as being a great growth opportunity for us going forward because that's just an -- that's an enormous market we've not tapped in. And Software Advice has been meeting our expectations. It's been doing just terrifically well.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Brian Shipman: Thanks, everyone, and we're here today. You can call me at (203) 316-3659 if you have any other questions. Otherwise, we will speak to you on the fourth quarter conference call in February. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Shipman - Group VP, IR Eugene A. Hall - CFO Craig Safian - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Jeffrey Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company Hamzah Mazari - Credit Suisse Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Ryan Leonard - Barclays Jeffrey Silber - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Gartner's Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter 2014. A replay of this call will be available through August 12, 2014. The replay can be accessed by dialing 888-286-8010 for domestic calls and 617-801-6888 for international calls and by entering the passcode 67989072. This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be archived on Gartner's website at www.gartner.com for approximately 90 days. I will now turn the conference over to Brian Shipman, Gartner's Group Vice President of Investor Relations for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Shipman:  Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian.  This call will include a discussion of Q2, 2014 financial results as disclosed in today's press release. After our prepared remarks you will have an opportunity to ask questions. I'd like to remind everyone that the press release is available on our website and that URL is gartner.com. Before we begin we need to remind you that certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2013 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. The company undertakes no obligation to update any of its forward-looking statements. With that I'd like to hand the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. Gene?
Eugene A. Hall:  Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Q2 2014 earnings call. We had a very strong Q2, with robust performance across all of our businesses. The continued successful execution of our proven strategy drove another quarter of double-digit growth in revenue, EBITDA, earnings per share and contract value. Research is our largest and most profitable segment. And our Research contract value grew 13%, FX neutral continuing at an accelerated pace compared to 2013. As we have done consistently for the past two years we drove double-digit contract value growth in every region, every client size and in every industry segment. We also achieved strong retention rates. The second quarter of 2014, enterprise client retention was at 84%, up from 2013, enterprise wallet retention was 105%, also up from Q2 2013. In Consulting we drove terrific performance for the quarter, led by our Contract Optimization business. Consulting revenues increased 9% compared to Q1, 2013, and backlog was up 11%. Our Events business also delivered great performance with revenues up 39% compared to Q2 last year On a same-events basis, revenue growth was strong, with a revenue increase of 21%, year-over-year. These results illustrate the sustained success of our strategy and the tremendous value we bring to our clients. As we discussed with your last quarter we are deploying our capital strategically. This year we repurchased more than 300 million of our shares and expect to spend a total of at least $400 million in 2014. Looking forward our sales pipeline is robust with a solid backlog in our Consulting business and advance events bookings are strong. I couldnt be more excited about our future.  The successful execution of our strategy drives our consistent performance. The fundamentals of our strategy are to create extraordinary research insight, develop strong sales capability to deliver high value differentiated offerings to provide world-class service and to continually improve our operational effectiveness. And we believe this strategy will allow us to sustain double-digit growth into the future.  We are living in remarkable times. Technology is transforming the world and driving change in every industry and enterprise in the world in a scale seldom seen. IT is transforming how we work and what we do and Gartner is at the heart of it.  Every company whether for-profit or not-for-profit, large, mini or small and any government agency in the world is a potential client, giving us a vast untapped market opportunity for our services. Gartner is the best source of help for enterprise leaders watching critical initiatives within this technology revolution. Our systems often make the difference between success and failure of our clients and were relevant for their institutions growing while facing economic challenges.  I recently met with more than a 100 of our top sales leaders from around the world. They see the impact technology is having on our clients first hand. They've proud of the incredible insights generated by our analysts and inspired by the tremendous value we provide. We always had an incredible energized sales team but I never seen them so engaged and excited about our market position and opportunity as they are today.  Outstanding operational execution is a core part of our growth strategy and it's our people who drive our execution. We put a lot of energy and investment into hiring the right people and developing great talents. As a result sales productivity of our new hires has been growing and our overall sales force turnover has improved for the third year in a year. And of course our sales associates are just as excited about Gartner as their leaders.  And our focus on developing great people extends beyond sales. Earlier this year we launched a company-wide upward feedback survey that helped our managers become even more effective. Coincidentally the leading third-party company that administrated that survey found that Gartner ranked in the top 5% for associate engagement, among hundreds of companies in their database. So you can see the excitement about our market position and impact we have in our clients is pervasive throughout our company.  In summary, I'd like to leave you three takeaways from today's call. First we consistent delivered double-digit growth in contract value, revenue, EPS, EBITDA and cash flow. Second, the technology revolution is providing enormous future opportunities for Gartner. Finally, we believe that we have a strategy, the leadership team and the operational capabilities to take advantage of these opportunities and deliver sustained, attractive double-digit growth over the long term.  I am extremely excited about the impact we have in clients and our growth prospects over the next several years. I'll now turn the call over to Craig Safian, who took over as CFO in June 3rd. Craig and I have been working together since my first day at Gartner and I am excited to continue working with him in this role. 
Craig Safian :  Thank you, Gene and good morning everyone. I am very excited to be here with you on my first earnings call since becoming Gartner's CFO two months ago. Over my 12 years at Gartner Ive worked very closely with Gene and the entire leadership team overseeing global finance, strategic and business planning and corporate development. Ive had the opportunity to be many of you and look forward to meeting all of you in the near future.  Turning to today's call, during the second quarter Gartner continued its strong start to year with double-digit growth in contract value, revenue and earnings. Year-over-year contract value growth was 13%, consistent with our Q1 2014 performance and an acceleration from Q4 2013. And retention rate ended at or near all-time highs. Our Consulting business grew 8% on a FX-neutral basis for the second quarter on the strength of both our labor base consulting business and our contract optimization practice. And our Events business increased by 21% year-over-year on a same-events and FX-neutral basis.  We saw robust demand for our services across all of our business segments in the second quarter. Our strong top line performance and effective execution in capitalizing on the operating leverage in our business allowed us to once again expand our gross contribution margin. Even as companies around the world face the uncertainties of the current macroeconomic environment, our business continues to grow at double-digit rates quarter-after-quarter, year after year. This is because our products and services provide great value to the IT, supply chain and marketing professionals we work with. We are engaged on their most important initiatives and projects.  Our strong and improving retention metrics clearly demonstrate the value and importance of our products and services and we are finding new IT supply chain and marketing professionals to sell to everyday, in both our existing accounts and new prospect accounts as well. This is why we are confident that we will continue to deliver consistent revenue growth and strong financial performance over the long-term. I'll now provide a review of our three business segments for the second quarter and will end with the details of our revised outlook for the remainder of 2014 before taking your questions. Starting with research. Research revenue was up 15% on an as-reported basis in the second quarter and grew 13% excluding the impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions. The contribution margin in this segment increased almost 70 basis points over the last year to 69%. All of our key research business metrics remain strong. Contract value grew to a record level of $1.436 billion, a growth rate of 11% year-over-year on a reported basis and 13% on an FX-neutral basis. Our growth in contract value in Q2 was extremely broad-based with every region, every client size and every industry segment growing at double-digit rates. This has been the case for the past several years.  We'll next cover retention rates in new business. As we discussed last quarter, historically we've reported our retention metrics at the organization level. Organization is our internally defined metric that identifies individual buying centers within the enterprises we sell to. We have found that the number of organizations can fluctuate due to both internal and external factors. This makes the metric less indicative of true business performance. Going forward we are reporting our retention metrics at the more indicative enterprise level. Our client retention rate at the enterprise level ended the quarter at 84%, up a point versus last year and we've maintained client retention at the enterprise level of roughly 84% for the past two years. Wallet retention at the enterprise level ended at 105% in the second quarter, an uptick of one point from both the prior quarter and last year. Wallet retention is higher than client retention due to a combination of increased spending by retained clients and the fact that we retain a higher percentage of our larger clients. As we have discussed in the past our retention metrics are reported on a four quarter rolling basis in order to eliminate any seasonality.  New business again increased year-over-year. The new business mix is consistent with prior quarters and remains balanced between sales to new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. Our contract value growth also continues to benefit from our disciplined of annual price increases and no discounting. We have increased our prices by 3% to 6% per year since 2005. We implemented a price increase during fourth quarter of 2013 and we expect to do so again this year during the fourth quarter. We also continue to see strong volume growth in our new business. This reflects our success in continuing to grow the business by penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing client enterprises. As a result we ended the quarter with 9,115 client enterprises, up 7% over last years second quarter. Additionally our average spend per enterprise continues to increase as well. To sum up we delivered another strong quarter in research. Our contract value growth accelerated from 2013 as we expected. We grew contract value by $162 million on an FX-neutral basis year-over-year. We continue to see strong demand from clients, our retention rates remain at or near all-time highs and we continue to expect acceleration in contract value and revenue growth over the long term.  Turning now to events; for the quarter our event segment continued a four year trend of extremely strong year-over-year revenue growth. On a reported basis the move of four events out of the first quarter and into the second quarter affected the year-over-year comparison of our operating results. In the second quarter, events revenue increased 39% year-over-year on a reported basis and grew 38% on an FX-neutral basis. During the second quarter we held 28 events with 16,594 attendees compared to 25 events with 12,098 attendees in the second quarter of 2013. On a same-events basis events revenue was up 21% year-over-year in the second quarter. For the first half events revenue was up 13% over the prior year from 36 events versus 37 events in the same period last year. The gross contribution margin for events was 50% for Q2, increased roughly three percentage points from the second quarter a year ago, again reflecting the move of four events out of the first quarter and into the second quarter. On a year-to-date basis we also improved gross contribution margin by approximately three points to 45%.  Moving on to consulting, revenues in consulting increased 9% on a reported basis and grew 8% on a FX-neutral basis in the second quarter. Our contract optimization practice was the primary driver of the strength in consulting because, as occurred during the first quarter certain deals transacted earlier in the year than we had anticipated. Our labor-based consulting business was also solid, with 6% revenue growth in the second quarter.  As we have discussed in the past our contract optimization practice has more variability than the other parts of our consulting business. We have seen a number of deals that we expected to occur in the second half of year to transact in the first half of the year. The business is performing very well and our expectations for the full year remain unchanged. We believe the first half upside was predominantly related to timing. The overall headcount of 505 was down 3% from second quarter of 2013. Second quarter utilization was 70% and revenue for per billable headcount ended the quarter at $454,000.  We continue to see strong demand for our consulting services and our strategy of investing in managing partners is allowing us to capture that demand. We now have 87 managing partners, an increase of 7% from last year. Backlog the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our consulting business ended the quarter at $105 million. This represents an 11% growth year-over-year and a healthy four months of backlog, which is an appropriate level for this business. With the current backlog and visibility we have into the pipeline the consulting business is positioned to continue to deliver solid results in 2014. Moving down the income statement, SG&A increased by $33 million year-over-year during the second quarter, primarily driven by the growth in our sales force. As of June 30 we had 1,787 quota-bearing sales associates, an increase of 238 or 15% from a year ago. We continue to tightly control G&A costs across the entire company. This expense item provides a source of operating leverage as G&A as a percent of revenue declined again in Q2. Moving on to earnings, we delivered another quarter of solid earnings growth. Normalized EBITDA was $105 million in the second quarter, up 17% year-over-year and GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.58, up 18% year-over-year. Our Q2, 2014 GAAP diluted earnings per share includes $0.06 in amortization and other costs associated with our acquisitions. Excluding acquisition-related charges our normalized EPS grew 28% to $0.64 in the second quarter.  Turning now to cash, first half operating cash flow increased by 9% to $153 million from the first half of 2013, largely due to higher earnings in the second quarter of 2014 as compared to 2013. We continue to expect to hit the full year guidance we set back in February for cash flow.  During the second quarter we continued to utilize our cash to return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase authorization. During the second quarter we repurchased over 1.5 million shares, and we used approximately $112 million of cash for share repurchases. As of June 30, we had $527 million remaining on our $800 million authorization. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet and cash position, despite the more aggressive pace of share repurchases and acquisitions this year. As of June 30, we had net debt of $57 million. We also deployed another $6 million in Q2, net of cash acquired on two very small acquisitions, Marketvisio and Senexx.  Our credit facility runs through March 2018 and at this time provides us with about $366 million of remaining borrowing capacity. We have ample cash flow and liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive increased shareholder value. We continue to look for attractive acquisition opportunities as a potential use of cash. We also continue to believe that repurchasing our shares remains a compelling use of our capital. Absent other significant opportunities to deploy cash we still expect to repurchase a total of at least $400 million of our own shares this year. Turning now to guidance. We are maintaining guidance for most items from our previously issued guidance in May and our expectations are at the midpoint or modestly above the midpoint of our ranges. As you know our normal business trends do show seasonality. Our fourth quarter is typically our largest events quarter, a large consulting quarter and our largest contract value growth quarter. While we are generally at or modestly above where we targeted to be at this point of the year we still have our largest revenue and earnings quarter in front of us.  We are making a modest change to our EPS guidance to account for three adjustments. First, GAAP EPS is impacted by our two additional acquisitions and their related charges. Second, we are now projecting lower equity compensation expense for the full year. And third, we are projecting a lower average share count for the year as well.  Our EPS, excluding acquisition and integration charges are impacted positively by the equity compensation and share count changes just mentioned. We now expect acquisition and integration charges of e approximately $29 to $30 million. We expect equity compensation expenses of between $36 million and $38 million and the share count of approximately 91 million shares for the full year of 2014. Our normalized EPS guidance of $2.18 to $2.35 per share is $0.03 higher than the EPS guidance we gave you in May. Additionally we now expect GAAP EPS to be between $1.97 and $2.14 per share, a $0.01 improvement from our previous guidance, again reflecting the three adjustments just discussed. We still expect that on December 31, 2014 we will have fewer than 9 million fully diluted shares outstanding. All other items related to our guidance remain unchanged. For further information and details you can always consult our press release and most recent 10-Q.  Based on what we see today we expect EPS, excluding acquisition and integration charges to range between $0.37 and $0.39 per share for the seasonally light third quarter of 2014. Acquisition and integration charges are expected to be approximately $0.06 per share in Q3. The third quarter is historically one of our smaller revenue and earnings quarters. That will again be true in 2014.  We are also planning three fewer events for Q3, 2014 than Q3 2013 which further impacts our projected results and a timing issue we already highlighted with respect to contract optimization will also further impact the seasonality of our third quarter results.  So before taking your questions let me summarize. We delivered another strong quarter in Q2. Demand for our services is robust and as a result we generated double-digit revenue growth. Our key business metrics remain strong and in fact many improved in the second quarter. Our initiatives to improve operational effectiveness, coupled with the positive operating leverage inherent in our businesses, delivered solid earnings and cash flow growth for first six months of the year and we continue to actively explore strategic alternative for deploying our cash. We will continue to invest in our business organically and through acquisitions and return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program going forward. Finally, with double-digit growth in contract value in the second quarter of 2014 we remained well positioned to deliver another solid year of revenue and earnings growth for the full year 2014. Now I'll turn the call back to the operator and we will be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from the line of Jeffrey Meuler from Baird. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co.:  Yeah, thank you. Could you maybe talk about the research contract margin that continues to drift higher, seems like its approaching your targets? Any planned investments that we should be thinking about in that segment or maybe if you can just comment relative to your longer term targets?
Eugene A. Hall:  Hi, Jeff. Thanks, great question. As you have noted appropriately we are approaching that 70% incremental gross margin target that we have for research. We believe its really important that we continue to invest in the right analysts, the right executive partners and other service delivery people, and that is reflected in that target of 70%. And so there is nothing new that I would discuss in terms of that 70% but we just believe to continue to maintain the right level of retention rates, the right level of client engagement and the right level of support for our growth. That 70% is still that appropriate target.
Jeffrey Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay, and then just want to make sure, I didnt see it in the press release or hear it, is 13% to 14% constant currency contract value growth still what we should be thinking about for this year and Gene youve I think closed out your comments by talking about sales force productivity of new hires continuing to improve, turnover continuing to improve and you guys have been, I think at 15% to 16% sales force growth in the last two quarters. Just wondering, one you would be hoping to kind of close the gap between the sales force growth and the contract vale growth.
Craig Safian:  Hey, Jeff. So as we said in the beginning of the year with our headcount growth and flat productivity to 2013 we expected our CV growth to accelerate from what we delivered in 2012, up into the 13% to 14% range. We still believe that is absolutely what is going to happen in 2014. In fact you have seen that in the first two quarters of the year we accelerated from the 12% we delivered in Q4 of 2013 up to 13% in both Q1 and Q2. 
Eugene A. Hall: And its Gene on the second part of your question we expect, if our sales force headcount growth stays in the 15% to 20% range which is what we expect and our productivity is higher we expect we will start to see our CV growth accelerate over time.
Jeffrey Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co.:  Okay, and then just one final housekeeping one. The three fewer events in Q3 are those moved into Q4?
Eugene A. Hall:  So, as always Jeff we are constantly looking at our portfolio and moving stuff around based on the calendar, adding events, trimming events, moving events. So we are three lower in Q3 than what we did last year. Some of them moved into -- one of them moved into Q2, a couple of them moved out into Q4. We have added a few, we have trimmed a few. So its our general trimming practice, our general portfolio management practice around the event portfolio.
Jeffrey Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co.:  Okay, thanks. Good quarter and Craig welcome to active participation in the calls.
Craig Safian:  Thanks, Jeff.
Operator:  Okay, thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Peter Appert from Piper Jaffray. Please proceed. 
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray:  Thanks. So Craig if I have done this calculation correctly it looks like the normalized EBITDA margin is down just a fraction on a year-to-year basis. Is that just a function of mix with the consulting faster, is there anything youd call out?
Craig Safian:  No, I think, you have got it right, Peter. I think its driven largely by mix. We have had stronger consulting performance then we have had in the past and the margins have been roughly flattish for the last several quarters so pretty consistent with that.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray:  Got it. And then as youve gotten deeper into your new role how are you thinking about the prospects for margins over the next several years?
Craig Safian:  So as we have thought about it and looked at it the key to continuing to improve margins is improving sales productivity and getting contract value growth in the 14%, 15%,16% range and so as we continue to drive our productivity we do believe that margin expansion will follow that.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray:  Okay. And then the pace of buyback activity, obviously youre running above the $400 million level through the first-half of the year. Any thought in terms of acceleration of the $800 million program?
Craig Safian:  You know Peter as we talked about at the beginning of the year, when we put the $800 million program in place we would look to run through that in a two-year period which is about 2x the rate of what we have done previously. So we are still comfortable maintaining doing at least $400 million this year and that would leave another $400 million for next year. And so we are committed to running though the $800 million program over the next two years.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray:  Okay, so dont read anything into the fact that you did significantly more than you know a $100 million in the quarter in the first-half?
Craig Safian:  Think of it in the context of a two year program that we are going to run through.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray:  Got it. Okay, good. Thanks so much.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Timothy McHugh from William Blair. Please proceed.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company:  Yes, thanks. I guess just on the contract value growth, I know you said it was fairly broad-based but I think the last you know six months-12 months the government channel has been a bit of drag for you guys. Have you seen a change there, has that turned around at all?
Eugene A. Hall:  Hey, Tim its Gene. So there is a no change in the public sector globally and so its exactly the same as its has been for last 18 months or so.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company:  Okay, and then events, can you talk about what you have -- I guess what you are seeing or what you are doing then I guess is driving the strength. I know its been a couple of years but is there anything different that you're doing this year, anything, any changes you made that's helping drive the growth. 
Eugene A. Hall: It's two things. First, the content developed by our analysts. We aim to have it better every year and it is particularly engaging to our clients and prospects and so we got great content. The second piece is that we have great operational execution with our events team. They're doing a just a tremendous job ranging from the event marketing, meaning marketing the content to prospects to actually great execution on-site. So it's a combination of both, terrific fundamental research by our analysts and great execution by our events teams is whats -- again we've see fabulous execution on these two fronts reflect in our events performance. We had great double-digit growth over the last three years or so and it's a modest acceleration but I think it's you can think about as being those two things.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company: Okay, and I'm sorry, the impact or the acquisition-related charges, what was the number you said do you expect now for the full year?
Craig Safian : For the full year Tim, we're looking at $29 million to $30 million and that's a combination of the amortization of the acquisition intangibles, professional fees associated with doing each of those acquisitions and the ratable expensing of the hold back on the Software Advice transaction.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company: You mean the hold back, meaning the deferred revenue?
Craig Safian : The deferred consideration.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Hamzah Mazari from Credit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari - Credit Suisse: Good morning. Thank you. A question on sales force productivity. Maybe if you could just update us on your numbers how Q2 looked like on a standalone basis and whether you believe your mix of net new business versus existing business accounting for about half, each of your growth whether that changes as you grow the sales force and productivity begins to improve, do you see that mix changing longer term. 
Eugene A. Hall: Good morning. How are you? On the sales force productivity, the way Id characterize it is if you look at both Q2 standalone, in Q2 standalone we are roughly flat to last year from a productivity perspective. If you look at the first half standalone we're actually up nicely compared to first half of last year and if you look at the rolling 12 quarter, rolling four quarter metric were roughly flat to where we were when we ended the year last year. And so we're pretty pleased with where we are on a productivity perspective, particularly when looking at the first half performance compared to first half of last year. In terms of your question on the mix, our belief when you look at that market opportunity is that it is enormous and it isn't both existing enterprises and enterprises that currently don't do business with us. And as we deploy our new sales people and create new sales territory we're going after both of those opportunities with gusto and with force. So I don't expect the mix to change significantly overtime because the opportunity is just so enormous in both pockets.
Hamzah Mazari - Credit Suisse: Got it, thank you. And just a follow up question on the balance sheet could you give us a sense of what you believe optimal leverage should look like on our balance sheet given double-digit growth in your business, most of the acquisition pipeline looking like a smaller to mid-sized deals and then given what you said on the buyback with $400 million annually. Could you help us understand how you think about leverage? Thank you.
Eugene A. Hall: Sure. In terms of leverage I mean you laid out the case for why we can take on leverage. We're growing well, great cash flow generation, predictable revenues free cash flow well in excess of net income. And so we have the profile where we can take on more leverage and obviously taking on two to three times leverage is not something that we would be too afraid about doing. It actually is fairly comfortable and given our cash flow profile we could, if needed to be pay that down relatively quickly.  As we continue to look at the future in terms of capital deployment we are still focused on acquisitions as a great strategic way to deploy capital and quite in fact our acquisition pipeline is as robust as it's ever been since I have been at Gartner and we continue to look at lots of opportunities there, both small, medium and large size type acquisitions. And then additionally we believe we can continue to do that and also look at returning capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program.  So the net is, from an optimal leverage perspective, probably two to three times as optimal and again as we continue to look at the acquisition pipeline and acquisition opportunity market and a combination of share repurchases we move to that over time. For now we continue to look for acquisitions and we continue to return capital to shareholders.
Hamzah Mazari - Credit Suisse: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi from Janney Montgomery Scott. Please proceed.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott:  Hi, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks and you talked about the new sales hires productivity. Can you give us some color on what changes you have made there and any metrics associated with it, so that we can maybe track the progress there?
Eugene A. Hall: Hey it's Gene. So there is two changes we have made. First we have done a number of improvements to our recruiting process to make sure that we are identifying people that are mostly likely to be successful at Gartner and that's the first thing. So we are better hiring people that are really good fit and obviously they will do better, well have better sales productivity.  The second thing we have done is we have completely revamped our training programs for our new sales hires. And those training programs also -- you have the right people and then you got great development and they are going to be successful. And those are the two pieces of it. As we look to kind of the forward-looking metrics like time to first sale and stuff like that we see that the people we have been hiring in to these new programs are doing measurably better than we have done in the past.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay and how should we think you mentioned that as you added new sales hires and they become more productive you expect the contract value to increase. How should we think about the pace of acceleration in contract value, just so we don't get ahead of our ourselves? Is there a formula that we can combine that with any other percentage of new sales hires to come up with, what might happen in any particular year?
Eugene A. Hall : Yeah, Joseph the simple way and if you go back to what we showed at investor day I think that was the simplest way to kind of model it, which is looking at average productivity and the growth in the number of sales people. When we are growing at roughly call 15%, 16% per year on the sales force headcount growth and we are doing that consistently, the mix of new hires looks roughly the same year-over-year from a proportional perspective.  And so I think the way to think about modeling CV growth is what's the pace of sales force capacity growth and then what is your assumption of average productivity and then the math should be relatively simple. But baked into that obviously it's more complicated than that, with new hires and new hire productivity but again proportionately we are roughly the same. So I was just trying to look at it from an average perspective.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, that's helpful, and then the last one for me, can you just give us a quick lay of the land. Is anything tweaking up or down that is helping or hurting the business on the margin globally and Im thinking about Europe versus North America and you already talked about the public sector. I just want to get a sense if anythings really moving within the demand base that's affecting the numbers.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, its Gene. I don't think there is material movement. The global economy different parts are marginally better or marginally worse. I think our demand has really been driven by what's going on in the technology world where technology have an accelerating impact on businesses and that's really what's driving it. If you look at across the world first is that the aggregate macroeconomic situation hasn't changed materially. But we do really well in some economies where the GDP is shrinking and it's because the companies and people sector institutions see how technology is affecting them.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott: Thank you.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee from RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good morning guys. This is [Garner Hanson] in for Gary Bisbee. Just a quick question, with the acquisitions, how much did they contribute to research revenue and what impact did they have on gross margin?
Eugene A. Hall : Sure, from a research revenue perspective for the quarter it was less than a two point impact on the growth rate related to Software Advice and the other two were immaterial on the quarter. And from a total revenue perspective it was around a one point impact on total revenue for the quarter and from an earnings perspective, roughly immaterial. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Great, okay. And then just going back to the contract optimization business, obviously had been strong in the first half. And you guys kind of narrowed that before but I mean, is it just the timing or was there anything else kind of driving the increased demand for the service?
Eugene A. Hall : So it's a great business and we expect it to perform kind of at the rate annually that we built into our guidance there. As Craig mentioned some of the deals came in earlier in the year. So we expected a great year but some of them came earlier in the year than we expected. Its kind of as simple as that. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Fair enough. And then lastly, are you guys still guiding toward the low end of 15%, 20% sales headcount growth for the year?
Eugene A. Hall : So as we said, our goal is to grow 15% to 20%. We were at 16% first quarter, 15% second quarter. So will probably be to the lower to middle point of the range for the full year. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Great, thanks so much. 
Operator:  Okay. Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Andre Benjamin from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs:   Hi. Good morning. I was just wondering if you can maybe give a little color on how your sales force is spread around the globe and maybe where you're adding faster, that's perfectly mirroring the contract value growth globally or are there particular areas that you are looking to add ahead of maybe some acceleration next year?
Eugene A. Hall:  Hey, Andre, it's Gene. So our sales force is -- if you look at between -- I don't have the exact numbers but you can think about it as Americas is little less than half. Europe is something like a third and the rest is in Asia. And we're kind growing it, there's pockets we are growing a little faster or little slower but all of them are growing at pretty good double-digit rates. So I wouldn't -- there is no kind of distinguishing factor there. Thing that really distinguishes more is in a more micro level where we think weve got a manager, who is at a point of their career where they can handle faster growth or slower growth as opposed to its based on the big geographies or something like that. Its really based on the tactics of where individual managers are in their career developments. 
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs : Thanks. And a similar question, is there any particular level of seat that you're seeing more growth in the last quarter to, relative to say a few years ago for example, are the mid-level manager seats potentially growing faster than CIOs, wondering where your customers are seeing more demand for your service these days?
Eugene A. Hall : As you may recall we have products from -- in the IT world everyone from a CIO all the way down in the line, we had those for a few years and the mix really is very consistent. So we're selling to CIOs. We're selling to the guy [inaudible] and we are selling to guys in front of them and then we are selling to the front line IT folks as well. And so there is no material change in the last few years in terms of that mix. 
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. 
Operator:  Okay. Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Bill Warmington from Wells Fargo. Please proceed. 
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities :  Good morning everyone. So, a question for you on the guidance, you beat consensus on the bottom line by $0.06 but you raised the full year guidance by $0.03. So based on what you said about $0.03 coming from the shift and the consulting side, should we think about the other $0.03 as coming from the core business, is that a fair way to look at that?
Craig Safian :  Hey Bill. I think in terms of guidance, what we said in the prepared remarks, is it's pretty immature to really look at raising it significantly. So we're halfway through the year. As I mentioned we have -- fourth quarter is historically our largest quarter and where we sit today, everything looks pretty good as we discussed but we're still early in the year and not ready to raise anything.  On the contract optimization side, as Gene discussed, it really is a timing thing and so we have the same expectation that we had entering the year for the revenues that will be generated by contract optimization. For the full year, we just have seen more transactions or transactions that we had expected in the second half of the year coming in the first half of the year and that's driving the timing there.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities: Got you. And then it's early but I wanted to ask how Software Advice is performing versus what your expectations were?
Eugene A. Hall : It's Gene. Software Advice is a great business and its performing so far according to our expectation. So it's been kind of right in line with what we expected, which is terrific.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities: And then one housekeeping question, you have been buying back a lot of shares so I just want to ask for fully diluted share count exiting Q2?
Craig Safian : Sure thing, that would be 90.1 million shares.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities: Great, all right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jerry Herman from Stifel. Please proceed.
Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company : Good morning everybody. Guys, just a question on the sales force growth. You had a sequential decline there. I know it's a very small decline but I am wondering if there is anything that you are seeing in the ability to higher folks given what appears to be a strengthening economy?
Eugene A. Hall:  It's Gene. So, I would take it as noise as opposed to anything meaningful. We have certain classes of, when we hire people, in some situation we hire classes of people and that can make for a little bit of swing from time to time. And so I wouldn't -- there is -- it's really noise. In terms of our ability to hire people actually, it's great. We are a place that professional sales people want to be at. It's a very hot -- we are [well in] company, hot area and we don't have any trouble finding people and as I mentioned despite the fact the economy is growing as you are saying and on the hiring, the job market is hotter. Our actual -- we our retaining of sales people is actually getting better.  So our average retention of sales people is improving even in an environment where the job market is increasingly hot. So we don't have any trouble around hiring great sales people.
Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company : Okay, And then Craig you mentioned the contribution from acquisitions in the quarter. Those numbers are probably pretty good representation for the full year, i.e. research about 2% and total about 1%, is that fair? 
Craig Safian : Yeah, the only think Id caution a little bit is weve only had -- we did not have Software Advice for the full first quarter. It was only on stream for about three weeks in Q1 and then a full Q2. Last quarter when we updated our guidance we did update it on the research side by about $20 million on the low and high end and that was done to account for having Software Advice for nine and two-third months of the year.
Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Okay, great and then just a follow-up question on the guidance. With regard to the third quarter you guys have sort of guided towards a down year-over-year comparison and I want to make sure, I understand that, thats predominantly relating to the timing in the events business?
Eugene A. Hall : Yes, it's predominantly timing of events and also timing of contract optimization and so those two trends that we are seeing coupled with the fact that it is historically a very small quarter is causing that swing.
Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Great thanks guys, I will turn it over.
Operator:  Okay, thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik from Barclays. Please proceed 
Ryan Leonard - Barclays: Hi good morning guys this is Ryan Leonard filling for Manav. Just wanted to hit on the contract optimization again, we obviously had another solid quarter but also the backlog is still up pretty solid. So I was just wondering if you could comment on kind of the relationship between the two and whether or not that kind of speaks to better a second half?
Eugene A. Hall : That's a good question Ryan. So two things Ill tell you, one is that the contract optimization business, very little of it actually ends up in backlog. And so the transactions on contract optimization typically book and recognize revenue when those deals that we advise on are actually closed. The point on backlog though is underlying our labor base consulting business has performed pretty strongly. As I mentioned up 6% year-over-year in the second quarter and based on the backlog and based on the number of managing partners, and based on the pipeline, we believe that trend will roughly continue on the labor base business for the balance of the year.  So we got some nice strength on labor base. Contract optimization as Gene mentioned is performing really, really well. We just saw more of the revenue and deals happen in the first half of the year.
Ryan Leonard - Barclays: Got it, perfect. And Craig, given your background in business development and some of your comments on a robust M&A pipeline. I was wondering if you had a commentary either kind of a change in M&A strategy or just a change in the overall market that makes you more open to deals or at least you're seeing more opportunity out there?
Craig Safian: No, so no change in the strategy, no change in the overall environment. I think just that as a company weve got a much more honed approach to what we're looking at. And therefore we're looking at and seeing more things than weve seen in the past and there are a lot more exciting opportunities out there than we seen in anytime on the past several years. 
Ryan Leonard - Barclays: Great, thanks. 
Operator:  Okay. Thank you. And our next question comes from Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Silber - BMO Capital Markets:  Thank you so much. And just looking at the number of consultants that seems to have been a trending down a little bit over the past year and a half. Is that because of move to the managing partner model there or is there something else going on?
Eugene A. Hall : Hi Jeff, it's Gene. So I would take again as noise as opposed to -- there is no strategy for reduce the number of consultants or anything like that. Overtime as the demand for consulting shifts you have to shift the mix of people a little bit that its just has to be with mix of specific skills. We are quite, as Craig said early we are quite optimistic about the business and did not aim to have fewer people, its just kind of where we wound up with the change in mix we talked about. 
Craig Safian : And Jeff, the good news there also is that the billable headcount actually includes the managing partners in it. So that's all-in number. And then the other thing I mentioned is, what it implies or actually more than implies is that those 505 people billable heads were much more productive than what we seen in the past as well. So we're driving utilization up as well. 
Jeffrey Silber - BMO Capital Markets:  Okay, that's great to hear. And then just a couple of quick number questions. In prior quarters youve actually given us a number for the average [NCVI] per accounting. I was wondering if you get that again. And then you the guidance you gave for EPS is $0.37 to $0.39 this quarter. That was a GAAP number, is that correct?
Craig Safian : No. I'll tackle the second one first. So the $0.37 to $0.39 is excluding acquisition integration charges number, and then we expect about $0.06 of acquisition integration charges in the quarter.  On the productivity side, again what Id say is what I said mentioned earlier in the call during the Q&A, on a first half standalone we're up nicely year-over-year in terms of productivity. On a Q2 standalone we're roughly flat to last year on productivity and on a rolling four quarter basis we're roughly flat to where we were at the end of the year. 
Jeffrey Silber - BMO Capital Markets:  All right. Thanks so much. 
Operator:  Okay. Thank you. So, ladies and gentlemen that concludes your Q&A for today and I'd like to hand back to Brian Shipman for any closing remarks. Please proceed. 
Brian Shipman:  Thank you everyone for being with us on today's Q2 2014 earnings call. If you have any further questions please don't hesitate to contact us. We'll speak with you again on our 3Q conference call in early November. Have a great day. 
Operator:  Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes your conference call for today. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Shipman - Group Vice President of Investor Relations Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer and Director Christopher J. Lafond - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Anjaneya Singh - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ryan Ripp - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Gartner's Earnings Conference Call for First Quarter 2014. A replay of this call will be available through June 1, 2014. The replay can be accessed by dialing (888) 286-8010 for domestic calls and (617) 801-6888 for international calls, and by entering the passcode 20760215. This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be archived on Gartner's website at www.gartner.com for approximately 90 days. I will now turn the conference over to Brian Shipman, Gartner's Group Vice President of Investor Relations, for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Shipman: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's First Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, Chris Lafond. This call will include a discussion of Q1 2014 financial results as disclosed in today's press release. We will also discuss our recent acquisition of Software Advice. After our prepared remarks, you will have the opportunity to ask questions. I'd like to remind everyone that the press release is available on our website at gartner.com. Before we begin, we need to remind you that certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2013 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. The company undertakes no obligation to update any of its forward-looking statements. With that, I'd like to hand the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. Gene?
Eugene A. Hall: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Q1 2014 earnings call. Well 2014 is off to a good start. The continued successful execution of our proven strategy drove another quarter of double-digit growth in revenue, EBITDA, earnings per share, and contract value. As we discussed with you last quarter, we're deploying our capital strategically. In the first quarter, we made a great strategic acquisition of Software Advice. In addition, we repurchased almost $200 million of shares and expect to spend at least $400 million in 2014. I'll share a few performance highlights from each of our businesses and talk briefly about our recent acquisition of Software Advice. I'll will then turn the call over to Chris to share more details. Research is our largest and most profitable segment. And our Research contract value grew 13%, FX neutral. As has been the case for few years, we drove double-digit contract value growth in every region and client size and in almost every industry segment. We expect contract value growth to accelerate in 2014, as we continue to execute on our growth strategy. We also achieved strong retention rates. For the first quarter of 2014, enterprise client retention was at 84%, which is consistent with this time last year. And enterprise wallet retention was 104%, which is 1 point down from Q1 2013. In Consulting, we drove a terrific performance for the quarter, led by our Contract Optimization business and strong sales bookings. Consulting revenues increased 16% compared to Q1 2013, and backlog was up 14%, achieving its highest level since 2008. Our Events business also delivered great performance. Our Q1 results were impacted by the shift of 4 events held in Q1 last year to the second quarter of this year. On a same-events basis, growth was strong, with a revenue increase of 17%, year-over-year. These results continue to illustrate the ongoing success of our strategy and the tremendous value we bring to our clients. I'll now turn to our recent acquisition of Software Advice. As we discussed in the past, we continually track a range of potential acquisition candidates. We're extremely disciplined and selective around acquisitions and we will continue to be. During Q1, we had a great strategic acquisition of Software Advice. Our traditional Research business is targeted at serving the 108,000 largest enterprises in the world. And these enterprises makeup our global market opportunity of about $47 billion. But smaller enterprises also need help in dealing with technology challenges. In fact, there are millions of small businesses in the U.S. alone. These represent a huge additional market that we have not previously addressed. Software Advice is a market leader in providing technology advice to enterprises that are smaller than those targeted by our traditional Research business. To bring this to life, image you manage a small medical practice that needs to establish an electronic medical record system. Most likely, you had no full-time IT staff. You need to identify and assess potential suppliers, decide which one to go with and then transition to the new system. Getting this right is critical to the success of your medical practice. You need help with these important decisions. Software Advice addresses this market. They advise these smaller enterprises on what technologies are best for their specific situation, providing tremendous value to these clients. For the past few years, Software Advice has been growing at a compound annual growth rate of more than 50% per year. Last year, revenues were more than $15 million and the company is profitable. Software Advice is a great acquisition, it's a strong strategic [indiscernible] with Gartner, while expanding our market opportunity. We continue to manage an active pipeline of acquisition candidates, and we will remain as diligent, disciplined and selective as we have been in the past. I said this before, and it remains just as true today. These are remarkable times for technology. Technology is transforming the world and driving change in every enterprise and every industry in the world on a scale of [indiscernible]. IT is transforming how we work and what we do, and Gartner is at the heart of it. Every company whether for-profit, not-for-profit, large, medium or small, any government agency is a perfect -- is a potential client. That gives us a vast untapped market opportunity for our services. Gartner is the best source of help for enterprise leaders launching critical initiatives within the technology revolution. Our systems often make the difference between success and failure for our clients, and we are relevant whether an institution is growing or facing economic challenges. The successful execution of the right strategy drives our consistent performance. As some of you know, the fundamentals of our strategy are to create extraordinary research insight, develop strong sales capability, to deliver high-value differentiated offerings, to provide world-class service and to continually improve our operational effectiveness. This time-tested strategy will allow us to maintain sustained double-digit growth into the future. I'm confident in and excited about Gartner. The Gartner brand is in a class by itself. Our products, services and people are superior to the competition, with a great business model. And we're relevant to virtually every enterprise in the world. In summary, I'd like to leave you with 2 key takeaways from today's call. First, the strong execution of our consistent winning strategy allowed us to, once again, deliver double-digit contract value growth. And with our share repurchase plan and the acquisition of Software Advice and our expanding market opportunity, we continue to be well-positioned to achieve sustained double-digit growth in our key metrics over the long-term. With that, I'll hand the call over to Chris.
Christopher J. Lafond: Thanks, Gene, and good morning. 2014 is off to a strong start with double-digit growth in contract value, revenue and earnings in the first quarter, continuing the trends of the last several years of consistently strong financial performance. We continue to successfully execute our strategy and deliver on the financial objectives we have established and communicated. Year-over-year, contract value growth accelerated to 13% as compared to 12% in Q4 of 2013, and retention rates ended at or near all-time highs. Our Consulting business grew 16% on an FX-neutral basis for the first quarter on the strength of our Contract Optimization practice. And our Events business increased by 17% year-over-year on a same-events and FX-neutral basis. Demand for our services was robust across all of our primary business segments in the first quarter. Our strong top line performance and effective execution in capitalizing on the operating leverage in our business allowed us to, once again, expand our gross contribution margin. Even as companies around the world face the uncertainties of the current macroeconomic environment, our business continues to grow at double-digit rates, quarter-after-quarter. This is because our products and services provide great value to the IT, supply chain and marketing professionals that we work with. We're engaged on and relevant to the most important initiatives and projects. This is why we will continue to deliver consistent revenue growth and strong financial performance over the long-term. I'll now provide a review of our 3 business segments for the first quarter, followed by a discussion of the Software Advice acquisition, and will end with the details for our revised outlook for the remainder of 2014 before taking your calls. Let me begin with Research. Research revenue was up 12% on an as-reported basis in the first quarter and 13% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. The contribution margin in this segment increased 135 basis points to 71% in the first quarter. All of our key Research business metrics remained strong. Contract value grew to a record level of $1.408 billion, a growth rate of 11%, year-over-year on a reported basis and 13% on an FX-neutral basis. As has been the case for the past several years, our growth in contract value in Q1 was extremely broad-based with every region and client size in almost every industry segment growing at double-digit rates. New business, again, increased year-over-year, and the new business mix remains balanced between sales to new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. While our contract value growth continues to benefit from our discipline of annual price increases and no discounting, approximately 80% of our contract value growth came from volume with the balance from price increases. We have consistently increased our prices by 3% to 6% per year on annual basis since 2005. We implemented a price increase during the fourth quarter of 2013 and we expect to do so again this year. Our volume growth reflects our success in continuing to grow the business by penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing clients. As a result, we ended the quarter with 9,094 client enterprises, up 7% over last year's first quarter. We also ended the quarter with 13,983 client organizations, up 6% over the last year's first quarter. Our client retention rate at the organizational level ended the quarter at 82%. And we've maintained client retention of between 82% and 83% for the past 15 quarters. In addition to retaining our Research clients at an impressive rate, the clients we retained continue to increase their spending with Gartner. Organization level wallet retention was at 99%, an uptick from the prior quarter. Wallet retention is higher than client retention due to the combination of increased spending by retained clients and the fact that we retained a higher percentage of our larger clients. As we've discussed in the past, our retention metrics are reported on a 4-quarter-rolling basis in order to eliminate any seasonality. Historically, we have disclosed our retention metrics at the organization level. Organization is our internally-defined metric that defines and identifies individual buying centers within the enterprises we sell to. We have found that organizations can fluctuate due to both internal and external factors. This makes the metric less indicative of the true business performance and we have therefore, decided to disclose our retention metrics at the enterprise level going forward. To give you some historical perspective on the enterprise retention metrics as we make this transition, we will provide 2 years of historical data on the Investor Relations section of our website. Our client retention rate at the enterprise level ended the quarter at 84%, and we've maintained client retention at the enterprise level of roughly 84% for the past 2 years. Wallet retention at the enterprise level ended at 104% in the first quarter, and it's been between 104% and 105% for the past 2 years. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter in our Research segment. We grew our contract value by $158 million on an FX-neutral basis year-over-year, we continue to see strong demand from clients, and we continue to expect acceleration in contract value and revenue growth over the long-term. We remain confident in our continued ability to deliver double-digit annual revenue growth in this business over the long-term. Turning now to Events. On a same-events basis, our Events segment continued the trend of extremely strong year-over-year revenue growth we've delivered for the past 4 years. On a reported basis, the move of 4 events out of the first quarter affected the year-over-year comparison of our operating results. Three of the events we moved out of Q1 were large mature events that were meaningful contributors to the segment's profit in 2013's first quarter. And as I will discuss with you in a moment, we expect these 4 events to deliver solid growth and be meaningful contributors to our Q2 results. In the first quarter, Events revenue decreased 40% year-over-year on an as-reported basis, and declined 41% on an FX-neutral basis as a result of the move of these 4 events. During the first quarter, we held 8 events with 3,394 attendees compared to 12 events with 5,788 attendees in the first quarter of 2013. On a same-events basis, Events revenue was up 17%, year-over-year in the first quarter and attendee revenue increased 27%, and exhibitor revenue increased 13% for the quarter, also on a same-events basis. The growth contribution margin of 21% for Q1 decreased roughly 9 percentage points from the first quarter a year ago, again reflecting the move of 4 mature events out of Q1 into Q2. We expect our full year contribution margin to be in line with our original expectations, as reflected in the annual guidance we issued in February. We've already held 3 of the 4 events that moved out of the first quarter in April. These 3 events performed extremely well with a revenue growth of almost 40%. As a result, we believe our Events business remains well-positioned to deliver another strong year in 2014. Moving on to Consulting. Revenues in Consulting increased 16% on both a reported and FX-neutral basis in the first quarter. Our Contract Optimization business was the primary driver of the strength in Consulting, as certain deals occurred earlier in the year than we anticipated. Our core Consulting business was also solid with 5% revenue growth from the first quarter. Billable headcount of 512 was down 3% from the first quarter of 2013. First quarter utilization was 64%, and revenue for billable headcount ended the quarter at $421,000 per consultant. We are seeing steady demand for our Consulting services. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our Consulting business, ended the quarter at $111 million. This represents a 14% growth year-over-year, and a 5% growth from the fourth quarter of 2013. And represents a healthy 4 months of backlog, which is our target for this business. Backlog is now at the highest level we've reported since 2008. With the current backlog and visibility we have into the pipeline, the Consulting business is positioned to deliver solid results in 2014. Moving down the income statement, SG&A increased by $24 million year-over-year during the first quarter, primarily driven by the growth in our sales force. As of March 31, we had 1,698 quota-bearing sales associates, an increase of 237 sales associates from a year ago. We continue to tightly control G&A costs across the entire company. We believe this expense item will provide us with a source of operating leverage in the future. SG&A will continue to decline as a percent of revenue, as it did in Q1, as compared to the first quarter of 2013. Moving on to earnings. We delivered another quarter of solid earnings growth. Normalized EBITDA was $85 million in the first quarter, up 13% year-over-year. And GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.40, up 5% year-over-year. Our Q1 2014 GAAP diluted earnings per share includes $0.04 of amortization and other costs associated with our acquisitions, including Software Advice and prior deals. Excluding acquisition-related charges, our normalized EPS grew 13% to $0.44 in the first quarter. Turning to cash. First quarter operating cash flow decreased by $3 million to $16 million versus the first quarter of 2013, largely due to higher year-end bonus and commission payments made this year. The first quarter is the seasonally lightest of the year for operating cash flow and we still fully expect to achieve the guidance we set for the full year. During the first quarter, we utilized our cash to return capital to our shareholders through our newly established share repurchase authorization. During the first quarter, we repurchased over 2.7 million shares, and we used approximately $196 million of cash for the share repurchases. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet and cash position, despite the more aggressive pace of share repurchase and the Software Advice acquisition. As of March 31, we had net debt of $72 million. Our credit facility runs through March 2018, and at this time, provides us with about $389 million of remaining borrowing capacity. We have ample cash flow and liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives to drive increased shareholder value. We continue to look for attractive acquisition opportunities as a potential use of cash, such as the Software Advice acquisition we completed in the first quarter and which I'll discuss further in just a moment. We also continue to believe that repurchasing our shares remains a compelling use of our capital. Absent other significant opportunities to deploy cash, we still expect to repurchase at least 400 million of our own shares this year. Let me now spend a few minutes discussing our recent acquisition of Software Advice, which I'd like to cover from 3 perspectives: the impact on cash flow and our balance sheet; the impact to operating results; and lastly, the impact to GAAP earnings per share. First, with respect to the cash flow statement and balance sheet. As you will see in our 10-Q, we paid $103 million at closing to acquire 100% of the outstanding shares of Software Advice. We also funded $13.5 million of escrow, which is -- which we negotiated as protection against future potential losses. The escrow amount is considered restricted cash and recorded in other assets on our balance sheet. From an operating perspective, the impact of Software Advice on our Q1 operating results is not material since we closed on March 7. For the full year, Software Advice will add modestly to our Research segment. As a result, we've raised our guidance for the Research revenue by $20 million at both the low-end and high-end of our previous range to reflect the impact of integrating Software Advice into our operations. We now expect Research revenue to be between $1.435 billion and $1.455 billion. I would like to note that contracts with clients of Software Advice products will not be included our contract value figures. Currently, Software Advice services are delivered on a transactional basis versus an annual subscription basis, as with Gartner's Research services. There are also a number of items that will impact GAAP earnings per share for both the quarter and the full year. First, as you would expect, we incurred transaction fees in connection with the acquisition. We also had put in place retention bonuses for much of the Software Advice team. The combination of these 2 items will impact 2014 by about $3 million. Second, as with all of our prior acquisitions, there is a noncash intangible amortization which will run through the P&L for several years post acquisition. In 2014, we expect these amounts to be roughly $4 million. And then lastly, there are amounts related to the acquisition that are being held back until certain employment conditions are met. These amounts will be accrued ratably as expense over the service periods of the relevant employees. We anticipate that just under $17 million will accrue to the 2014 P&L. If the employment conditions are not met, the expenses that have been previously accrued will be reversed. In total, we expect approximately $24 million of acquisition and integration charges in 2014 related to the Software Advice transaction. Additionally, there will be roughly $3.5 million of intangible amortization related to our past deals, which was included in all of our previous guidance. These amounts will be in included primarily on 2 lines on the face of the P&L. Intangible amortization will flow through the amortization line, while everything else will appear on the acquisition and integration charges line. This is consistent with how we've handled acquisitions in the past and how we will handle any future transactions. Lastly, I'd like to note that these charges are excluded from our normalized EBITDA calculation, and our guidance for normalized EBITDA remains unchanged. We do not expect a material impact on normalized EBITDA from Software Advice in 2014, as we will make certain investments to allow this business to scale, thus ensuring strong growth into the future. However, we expect a more meaningful contribution to Gartner's normalized EBITDA in future years. We will also now be providing guidance for both GAAP EPS and normalized EPS, excluding acquisition and integration charges, to help you better understand our true operating results. Our normalized EPS guidance of $2.15 to $2.32 per share is slightly ahead of the EPS guidance we gave you in February, as we have not broken out acquisition-related expenses stemming from past acquisitions, as the impact was nominal at only $0.02 to $0.03 per share. However, we now expect GAAP EPS to be between $1.96 and $2.13 per share, reflecting the acquisition-related charges I just detailed from Software Advice and from prior transactions. For further information you can review our most recent 10-Q, which contains the above information as well as additional details related to the acquisition. The other minor change to our guidance relates to our share count and interest expense. Because we were able to repurchase almost $200 million worth of shares in Q1, we can now revise down our full year weighted average share count assumptions to be between 91.5 million and 92 million shares. We still expect that on December 31, 2014, we will have less than 90 million shares outstanding. We are also increasing our interest expense assumption modestly to $10.5 million, primarily to reflect borrowing to fund the Software Advice acquisition. All other guidance we detailed in February remains unchanged. As we discussed with you on our Q4 earnings call and at our recent Investor Day, to provide additional visibility and transparency, we're going to provide quarterly EPS guidance for the upcoming quarters. We expect EPS, excluding acquisition and integration charges, to be between $0.50 -- sorry, between $0.56 and $0.60 per share in the second quarter of 2014. Acquisition and integration charges are expected to be approximately $0.06 in Q2. Based on everything we see today, we're comfortable with the midpoint of this EPS guidance range. So to summarize and before taking your questions, we delivered solid results for the seasonally light first quarter of 2014. Demand for our services is strong, and as a result, we generated double-digit revenue growth. And our key business metrics remained strong in the first quarter. Our initiatives to improve operational effectiveness, coupled with the positive operating leverage inherent in our businesses, delivered solid earnings and cash flow growth for Q1. As always, we are actively exploring strategic alternatives for deploying our cash. We will continue to invest in our business and return capital to shareholders through an accelerated share repurchase program going forward. Finally, with double-digit growth in contract value in the first quarter of 2014, we established a solid foundation for delivering another year of strong revenue and earnings growth for the full year. We're well positioned for double-digit revenue and earnings growth and increasing returns to our shareholders over the long term. Now I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we will be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from the line of Peter Appert from Piper Jaffray.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: So Gene, given how strong the start was for the year, both in terms of the Research revenue and the contract value, I guess I'm a little surprised that you were not more optimistic in terms of the guidance. What's driving your thinking on that?
Christopher J. Lafond: Peter, it's Chris. Thanks for the question. Obviously, we're only 3 months into the year. And if you look at our performance, we feel very confident with what we're seeing across our business. I would note a couple of things. We had expected to see acceleration in our Research business. And so we're tracking right where we had hoped at this point in the year. Our Events business is tracking, probably, marginally better than we thought, but it's still early in the year and a lot of our big events have not happened. Q1 is obviously a light Events quarter. And in Consulting, our business was primarily driven by Contract Optimization. As we've talked about many times, that business tends to be somewhat lumpy quarter-to-quarter. So we still expect that business to remain in that $30 million to $40 million range that we talked about for the full year. So as we sit here today, we still feel very comfortable with the guidance we gave and that's why the guidance is what it is at this point in the year.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And Chris, does the sales -- is the plan to accelerate sales force hiring as the year progresses? Or is the first quarter a good indication of how you think the full year goes?
Eugene A. Hall: So Peter, it's Gene. So the plan for sales force hiring is basically as to grow it in the 15% to 20% range for the year. We were in that range in Q1, we expect to be in that same range for the full year.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. So no indication whether you're going to be at the high or low end of the range?
Eugene A. Hall: No.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then one last thing. On the Software Advice acquisition, could you talk about how you see this product being leveraged by Gartner? I would assume your sales organization really doesn't have the capability to sell this product since it is to smaller organizations. So how do you get leverage from this and can -- while you're talking about that can you also just sort of comment on how you thought about the purchase price? Because it seems like a pretty rich valuation for a small business.
Eugene A. Hall: So Peter, in terms of the business, what it does is, as I mentioned on my comments, Gartner has targeted the 108,000 largest enterprises in the world. And our business model isn't optimized to serve business of small events. It's optimized to serve those 108,000. In the U.S. alone, there are millions of small businesses. They have the same kind of IT problems that large businesses do as well. And we have seen that as being a great market opportunity. It fits squarely with what we naturally do. Software Advice has the business model that's designed to address that. And in particular, what they do is they look at the specific needs of each segment in that -- in these markets. So I used an example of electronic medical records. Electronic medical records actually for small medical practices is not one market. There is different electronic medical record systems depending on which medical specialty you are. And so what they drove [ph] is a very good approach for determining what are the options for each of these kinds of markets that small companies are in, which tend to be very specific to the nature of that small company, even though there is -- there could be in any one segment, tens of thousands or even millions of small companies that work [ph] in that segment. In terms of the other part of the question, Chris will answer.
Christopher J. Lafond: Peter, with regard to valuation, as you know, we have been extremely selective and thoughtful with regard to executing acquisitions over the years. Software Advice is no different. Valuation has always been extremely important to us in terms of when we choose to do deals. So we are very thoughtful about doing things at the right valuation. And that will drive shareholder value. And again, we believe that's the case here. If you look at the valuation that we paid, we feel it's absolutely in line with what we're seeing in the marketplace today for similar assets and it's an extremely reasonable valuation. And we are very happy with the acquisition.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Hamzah Mazari from Crdit Suisse.
Anjaneya Singh - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is Anj Singh dialing in for Hamzah. My first question is just on SG&A. We see that it's up quite a bit year-over-year. Can you tell us what's driving that? And perhaps, how the sales and marketing portions are trending versus the G&A?
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, just on SG&A, that the increases I talked about a few minutes ago, is driven by the continued increase in our sales force. Our sales headcount is up 16% year-over-year. G&A is actually down as a percent of revenue. And so we continue to really tightly manage G&A cost. And so G&A continues to come down as a percent of revenue. So the driver of our SG&A cost is our continued investment in the sales force.
Anjaneya Singh - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And one follow up, can you give us a sense of how your business is doing in Europe? And how that environment may have changed from last quarter, if at all?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. It's Gene. So the -- our business in Europe is doing great. As I mentioned before, we have seen double-digit growth in all of our geographic regions, including Europe.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Tim McHugh from William Blair & Company.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: First, I was going ask, the contribution margin for Research, I think you've talked a little bit about once you start approaching 70%, then it will be tougher to continue to drive that upward, but it looked like it was up pretty significantly still this quarter. Is there something underlying that or -- that made this quarter unusual in terms of the upside? Or perhaps, are you finding ways to -- that makes you think you can extend beyond that previous kind of hurdle rate you had before?
Christopher J. Lafond: Tim, it's Chris. No we still believe 70% is the right number on a full year basis. There is some seasonality to our margin in that segment. In particular, fourth quarter tends to be lowest, first quarter tends to be highest. And that's because, in the fourth quarter, our analysts are traveling to symposiums, doing a lot of client meetings as we close up the year to close deals. So we would expect it to be a little higher to begin the year, little lower at the end of the year, and still be right around that 70% number. So we don't have any thought today that 70% is still not the right place to be for that segment.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then on Software Advice, the margins, I understand you said you're, I guess, investing and that's accelerating, what would the -- is that just adding salespeople ahead of growth? And just to make sure I understood the comments, did you expect you can get similar margins to the core business? Or I guess how would you compare it? And how long will it take you to get there?
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, so just a couple of things on that. The investments we're making are kind of across the business. So as you would imagine, in a smaller company like Software Advice, as much as we like the business and it's a very well-run business, in order to scale it, we believe we have to make investments in their technology platforms, in their operations of the business. So there's number of places we're going to make some investments to make sure that we can scale that business over the long term and grow it geographically as well. In addition, from a margin perspective, we fully expect that this will be a nice positive contributor to our business. And over the long term, it's going to be a really nice margin enhancement to the overall company.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then one last numbers one, you mentioned the Events, you had 40% growth on I think it was the Events that moved out of the first quarter into the second. Was that just the same events that -- the revenue growth for those 3 events?
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, so we had 4 events moved, 3 of them have already been held in the month of April. Those 3 events, as I mentioned, were very large, relatively large mature events, so they had a pretty significant impact in the Q1 2013 results. And since we've held them now, we saw similar great performance. In fact, as I said, those same 3 events, just those 3 were up about 40%. So from a same-events perspective, really strong performance on the 3 we've held.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Gary Bisbee from RBC Capital Markets.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Can you explain the Software Advice revenue model a little more. I guess, I understand you said it's transactional and not subscription-based, but is that something you'll look to change? And within that transactional, how recurring is that, how stable and predictable? So is this different from the core business in Research?
Eugene A. Hall: Gary, its Gene. So it is different in the core business. Typically -- again, you go back to my small medical practice. They typically buy things -- they typically have -- they tend to buy their software and their IT technology from the outside as opposed to kind of building it themselves. And in tends to be episodic. So you don't -- they don't buy a new electronic medical record kind of every month, every quarter, even every year. And so what happens is that the way our economics work is, it's more related to when they have specific transactions as opposed to they pay an upfront fee for a year of service. So when they need to do a deal, that's kind of when we get paid as part of that. And the -- and so it's very -- it's not a kind -- a 1-year contract, it's related more to the -- it's transactional. And on the other side of it, though, is unlike our larger -- our traditional business, there are many millions of these companies at any given point in time, and so we think that it's likely to -- that will smooth out a lot of the individual transactions as opposed to a business that doesn't have that kind of nature to it.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then, how do they go to market or sell or find clients and how do we think about -- you said a 50% revenue CAGR, I guess, $20 million for the year, that's only 10 months, shows that's pretty good growth versus that $15 million you said for last year that I figured. Any sense how we think about the impact on the growth and maybe how penetrated the opportunity is?
Eugene A. Hall: So the market opportunity is enormous. They have a very tiny portion of the market. And they are almost wholly in the U.S. today, and they only have a tiny portion of the U.S. market. So the opportunity for growth is huge there. And we think it can have -- be able grow at a higher rate than our traditional business for a long period of time.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just one last question. Do we get an update on the sales productivity? It -- I may calculate it slightly differently than you do, but it's looks like it fell again in Q1. I know you were talking about at the Investor Day flat to maybe improving this year. And as a second part of that, any change in those 2 positive metrics you mentioned a quarter ago, the retention of sales force overall improving and the cohort of new people from last year doing somewhat better versus prior cohort?
Christopher J. Lafond: Great, Gary. It's Chris. Yes, sales productivity is essentially flat from last year when you look at it in the first quarter. However, if you look at just a standalone quarter, Q1 this year is better than last year's Q1. So we are certainly seeing -- when you look at just individual standalone quarters, we're seeing some nice improvement there. And it's flat to Q4. So -- I'm sorry, flat to Q4, sorry, not to Q1 of last year, my apologies, I was talking about sequential. And -- but standalone, if you look at Q1 versus Q1, we saw an increase. So where we are today, it's effectively what we said in our guidance, which was we did not expect in our guidance to see any dramatic increase in sales productivity, it would remain flattish and that's kind of roughly where we are. So we're continuing to do lots of things and expect that what we're seeing in Q1 hopefully will continue to show benefit for the rest of the year, and start to see that increase from here. And our turnover has had steady improvement. Sales turnover has had steady improvement on [ph].
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Bill Warmington from Wells Fargo.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask if you're seeing a change for the better in client's willingness to spend on new products? And if so, what's behind that?
Christopher J. Lafond: Bill, it's Chris. A couple of things I would say there. If you look at average spend per organization, it continues to increase. It's up just over $100,000, which continues to improve. I think that's up almost 7% from the first quarter of last year and up a couple of percentage points from the fourth quarter. So as we talk about all the time, we're seeing that mix coming from -- about 20% of that increase is really due to pricing and the other 80% is real volume. So we're continuing to penetrate the clients, continuing to sell more into those clients. So that trend has been the trend we've been on for quite sometime and it is continuing.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I'm trying to parse whether -- does the cyclical from the secular, whether if some of it's coming from an improving economy, or if some of it's coming from sort of an inflection point in terms of the client base seeing an increase in value or having an increase in need, giving a pickup in the velocity of the change in technology?
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, it's not the economic environment that has caused any change. And I'd sort of say if look at what's going on, the economic environment is not giving us any additional demand. The 2 things that are driving our increasing demand is -- one is, all the initiatives we have on sales productivity. And the second one is, what I talked about in our remarks, which is just what's going on the technology world general where it's affecting every business, every industry. And it's becoming more pervasive all the time. And so we have this underlying change that's going on in every enterprise, where technology is becoming more important. So they see the need for it and we're the best there is to do it. Then we couple that with our focus on making sure salespeople are as productive as they can be.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So one housekeeping question, the share count exiting Q1, fully diluted?
Christopher J. Lafond: Fully diluted share count exiting Q1, just give me a second. For the quarter, we had 93,209,000, that's the average for the quarter. We are actually -- let me just give you the exact number. It's down a couple of million, probably, below that. But we'll get you the exact -- we'll get an exact number for that.
Eugene A. Hall: We'll go to the next question and circle back with that share count number.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Manav Patnaik from Barclays.
Ryan Ripp - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is actually Ryan filling in for Manav. Just to follow-up on Gary's question, I just want to make sure I wrote that down right on the sales productivity metrics. So essentially flat from fourth quarter, and then this Q1 was better than last year on a standalone basis, did I hear that right?
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, that's correct.
Ryan Ripp - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then, turning to Software Advice, I know you said the market opportunity is enormous. Is there any way to quantify that kind of similar to how you breakout the core research model just in terms of total size or number of enterprises or anything along those lines?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, it's Gene. We have not done that yet.
Ryan Ripp - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And that's -- we should think of them as wholly U.S. so far, and then there's the plan to kind of bring them internationally as kind of in line with your -- with the current business model?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes.
Christopher J. Lafond: So again, in the U.S. alone, they have tiny penetration. And they are overwhelmingly U.S. And because we are global company, one of the ways we'd expect to leverage them is in fact to build their business globally. What they do is just as relevant everywhere in the world.
Ryan Ripp - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And you mentioned, you're seeing similar valuations for deals of this nature. So if we -- going forward, is this kind of the valuation we should expect on deals for this year?
Christopher J. Lafond: Well, from a valuation perspective, as I talked about, we are very thoughtful about all of the deals we do, depending on the company, depending on the marketplace and depending on the growth rate of the business. So there's a whole bunch of different factors that are going to weigh in to valuation on individual transactions. So I wouldn't necessarily say one transaction is the market. We believe this transaction was done at a very -- a very good valuation, and we'll look at each one independently.
Ryan Ripp - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, perfect. And just one more, if I could, on the buybacks. Is there anything that moves that $400 million for the year higher, whether it be lack of M&A or anything that you see that would move that number up?
Christopher J. Lafond: We will continue to look, as we always do, at all uses of cash. As we talked about at the beginning of this year, we will feel very strong with our current cash position, the strength in our business and the continued growth in our business, as well as our balance sheet, that at least $400 million makes sense. And we'll look at that as we go through the rest of the year. And I just wanted to come back and circle back on the question that, the basic shares outstanding at the end of the quarter were 90.2 million, but we will clarify the weighted shares outstanding as of the end of the quarter.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets.
Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: In prior quarters, you called out some trends in your government business, I was wondering if we'd do that for this quarter.
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. So our public sector business overall grew at high-single-digit rates. In terms of the U.S. federal government, there is really no change in the situation we talked about for the past few quarters.
Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And how about governments abroad?
Eugene A. Hall: Again, the same thing, I think if you looked at the public sector overall, it's pretty much what you see. There is no change.
Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, great. I just wanted to circle back to the Software Advice acquisition, I'm not sure if you've answered this question about your go-to-market strategy. Is this going to be sold under a separate sales force? Are you going to keep the name, are you going to change the name? Any color there will be great.
Eugene A. Hall: So, they have a different sales force. It's a different distribution channel. And in terms of the name, we're deciding how we're going to handle branding. For now, we're -- for now, we have retained Software Advice but we'll figure in the future -- we're still determining what we'll do in the future.
Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, great. And then just one on one that you had mentioned that the price you paid was reasonable based on other deals. Are you looking at any revenue multiple, a price-per-employee multiple? I'm just curious what metrics you used to make that statement.
Christopher J. Lafond: When we look at transactions, depending on the transaction, we look at multiple -- we look at a variety of different valuation multiples. We do look at revenue, we do look at earnings, we do look at cash flow, we look at a variety of them, and it's growth rate and other things. So we're looking at all of those when we look at valuation and feel very comfortable that this is a very good valuation for our business and for shareholders.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jeff Meuler from Baird.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First on the Software Advice acquisition and, I guess, more on the small business, medium-sized business market opportunity. Should we view this as kind of a platform acquisition that you use to attack that opportunity? Or should we view it more as the first of several potential acquisitions as you increase more focus on that part of the market?
Eugene A. Hall: So Jeff, it's Gene. So Software Advice we think is the market leader in -- in doing the kind of work we do with small businesses, and so we see that as a core acquisition.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then on Consulting, I get that Contract Optimization is lumpy and that drove a lot of the upside in the quarter, but the backlog was also strong. Can you talk about where the demand for -- what types of services you have the strongest demand for, any geographies? Anything along those lines in terms of what's the driving the strength in the backlog?
Christopher J. Lafond: It's been -- if you look at the strength in the backlog, it was pretty balanced, actually geographically. So we have really good strength around the world. And so from that perspective, very balanced. As you know, we're very focused on the kinds of activities that we do at our core Consulting and benchmark businesses. And we saw real strength across the portfolio. So I wouldn't say there's any specific place that drove that. It was just a very nicely balanced performance across the Consulting business.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then, I think you talked about the Research contract value outlook a little bit differently in terms of the language that you used this quarter versus last quarter. I think, Gene said expect to accelerate in 2014? Just to be clear, are we still talking about -- you expect it to be in the 13% to 14% range for 2014? Or are you saying you expect it to accelerate further from here, so maybe the range is now 14% to 15% or is it just 14% or how should I interpret that?
Eugene A. Hall: Now as we sit here today, I think we're still reflecting what we talked about on the last call, which is we still expect to be in the 13% to 14% range. We've accelerated the 13% and we still believe that we have the opportunity to get to that 14% range this year.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Joseph Foresi from Janney.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I guess I'm going to try to focus in on what I had a question on, was sort of what changed and drove the uptick in the quarter? Consulting seems to be more discretionary, it seems like that picked up. It's sounds like Europe got a little bit better and there's really no change on the government business. So was this more execution or, to the prior question, is this economically driven and only the economy getting better as this changes in IT? I'm just trying to get a feel for sort of what you would point to?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, again it's not the economy getting better, it's basically I think the fact that technology is becoming more important so people need help with that, technology changes. And it's also execution. Let me just comment on Consulting, specifically. As many of you know, our strategy in Consulting has been to build a cadre of managing partners and we've been working on that. And I think one of the things that has really that -- as we analyze the results for Q1, we have strong bookings there. It's really being driven by the strategy of having managing partners to drive that business. And so that's as an example of the kind of -- how our operational changes are really driving the improvement.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, on the contract value uptick to maybe the 13%, 14% range, that kind of holding or improving in the back half of the year, is that still based on sales force productivity, and some of the new hires coming on, as we talked about at the Analyst Day?
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, its really going to change from Analyst Day, which is we're assuming we have flat sales productivity. It doesn't improve. And if you just look at with flat sales productivity, if we don't have improving sales productivity, we still get an acceleration in our contract value growth rate.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Got it. And just can I assume that sales productivity is still higher for some of the -- I think you talked about some of the new hires, the sales force productivity was -- had been ahead of what you were expecting?
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes. So as we have -- we've been very focused on improving the performance of new hires. And in fact -- and we track it very closely, and the performance of new hires is improving.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And then, the last question for me just on the pricing front. Was it easier to get prices this year than in prior years? Or is it just the same sort of environment that you've seen before?
Eugene A. Hall: I would say the same. We -- as we've talked about repeatedly, we put that 3% to 6% in place. We've been able to do that every year. I wouldnt say there's any dramatic difference this year versus last year.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Andre Benjamin from Goldman Sachs.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: My first question is, do you have any updated thoughts on your long-term leverage target? Is there still a willingness to increase leverage to 3x or so? Or has does that changed with the business environment? And if it hasn't changed, any timeframe around how you're thinking about that given that it's going to need help [ph] for a while?
Christopher J. Lafond: Andre, its Chris. As we've talked about many times, we feel very comfortable that this company could easily handle, on an ongoing basis, 2x to 3x debt-to-EBITDA on an ongoing basis. And could handle above that for certain transactions that make sense, because we know that with our cash-flow-generating ability they'll come down pretty quickly. So no change in terms of how we think about the long-term leverage that we can handle and that we would like to get to. As we talked about at Investor Day, the acceleration in share repurchase, as well as the acquisition pipeline we feel we have, will help get us there. And we don't have a specific timeframe, but we're going to continue to work through the year and execute as we have in Q1. And we will be able to provide updates as we go through the year.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Then on the productivity front, I know you've called out some areas, in particular, in the past, where you've had some challenges, like Europe. Any update, in particular, on progress in the areas that you've called out in the past? Have you seen those progress or is it just more of the same given the economy hasn't changed much?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, I'd say -- I mean, I talked about the public sector earlier, in essence we've seen no change. I'd say, in other things we're seeing modest improvement as we focus operationally.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Jerry Herman from Stifel.
Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: First question about the sales force. Gene, you referenced better retention in the sales force. Could you give some metrics on that in terms of how much it has in fact improved? And also a part of that question, can you talk -- you referenced your onboarding process or getting the newer staff people to master it [ph] more quickly? Can you talk about their retention rate from most cohorts?
Eugene A. Hall: So we've been very focused on hiring people that are a good fit with Gartner, because we know if we have -- they'll be more successful, they'll stay longer, it's a win-win for everybody. And our retention has been improving modestly over the last 2 to 3 years. So it isn't just -- it's part of the trend and its every year it's gotten a little bit better. We're staying on that same trend with getting a little bit better each year. And so the -- it's an important metric. And I think it's getting better because we're -- we keep -- we, as an institution, keep getting better if we hire people that are really good fit with our kind of environment.
Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And then just a question about Software Advice. I know there has been a lot of it today for small business, but it seems like that business model would inherently have lower margins than your core Research product? And in fact, it almost seems like it better resembles a Consulting model, is -- am I missing something there? Or should we -- does it in fact look more like a Consulting model?
Eugene A. Hall: So it does not look like a Consulting model. We don't think about it as a Consulting model at all. And we think, over the long-term, it will have very attractive margins.
Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: As high as research?
Christopher J. Lafond: So Jerry, its Chris. When you look at that business, obviously, we're making some investments now and we will see. As that business scales, we will be able to give you more insight as we get farther along that path, but we certainly do not expect it to be a Consulting model. We expect it to be more like a Research business. And we'll be able to come back to you as we move ahead here.
Operator: And your next question is a follow-up from the line of Gary Bisbee from RBC Capital Markets.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just one quick one on the -- Chris, your comments around the financials for this acquisition. I -- you lost me on a part of it. Can you just repeat what you said about there was some performance bonus or something that you're accruing? But if some numbers weren't hit -- what I missed was what the magnitude of that was, #1. And #2, what line on the P&L you said that would flow through?
Christopher J. Lafond: Sure, let me just go back and share with you what I talked about there. So when you look at what we did, there were some amounts that we have held back until certain employment conditions are met. And the amounts that -- those amounts will be accrued ratably and expensed over the service period of those employees. So over a couple of year period, which is the appropriate accounting for this particular transaction. And we anticipate that just under $17 million will accrue to the 2014 P&L for that amount. And then there'll be some in 2015 as well, a little bit higher, but -- and a little bit into 2016, just because of the timing of the transaction. So -- and if those conditions are not met, we wont pay those out. And we'll reverse those charges, but we're going to be accruing them and then the cash will go out the door when they hit those particular -- and it will all be in the line called acquisition and integration charges. So you'll see it in that line item.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So help me understand that a little more. I mean it sounds to me like it's compensation rather than something that would be excluded from the normalized -- your adjusted earnings and EBITDA?
Christopher J. Lafond: No, actually this just happens to be the accounting treatment for the transaction. So it's all part of the purchase price. How we decided to protect ourselves and to protect against either not achieving the kind of results we thought we'd achieve, we held these amounts back. And from an accounting perspective, it's treated this way. It is not compensation expense. It's part of the deal and the transaction. However, from an accounting perspective -- from an accounting perspective, we treat it as if it was compensation in the P&L, however that's not what it is in terms of the deal itself.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So -- but you treat it as if it's comp, but it's in the line you're excluding. Is that -- those -- that last statement doesn't make sense to me.
Christopher J. Lafond: It is in the acquisition and integration line because it is a deal cost. From an accounting perspective, we are required to treat it the way we're treating it and ratably expense it over the period of performance, which is over a 2-year period.
Operator: And your next question is a follow-up from the line of Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets.
Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Sorry, just to follow-up on that. So just to clarify, this going to be a cost in addition to the $102 million that I see on our cash flow statement for the first quarter?
Christopher J. Lafond: Correct. So we paid out a $102 million in cash in Q1. There's an escrow amount that's held back and then there is this holdback as well, so there's holdback amounts t that have not been paid out yet in cash.
Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And can you just again clarify what are the total holdback amounts, both in escrow and this holdback that you're talking about?
Christopher J. Lafond: Approximately $32 million in total.
Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. If I were looking at the total deal price in theory, it's $102 million that you've already paid out and another $32 million on top of that potentially?
Christopher J. Lafond: Correct.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Brian Shipman for your closing remarks.
Christopher J. Lafond: Great. This is Chris. Just one thing to clarify, there was a couple of questions on the share counts. So just for your modeling, where we ended Q1 was basic shares outstanding of about 90.2 million, and then fully diluted is about 91.7 million. So that's kind of where as of Q1 ending. As I've said, we fully expect by the end of year to be below 90 million fully diluted shares outstanding.
Brian Shipman: Okay. And thank you, everyone, for being with us on today's Q1 2014 earnings call. If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to contact us. We'll speak to you again on our 2Q conference call in early August. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect, enjoy your day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Shipman - Group Vice President of Investor Relations Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer and Director Christopher J. Lafond - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John D. Crowther - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Gregory Bardi - Barclays Capital, Research Division Gunnar Hansen - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Gartner Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013. A replay of this call will be available through March 6, 2014. The replay can be accessed by dialing (888) 286-8010 for domestic calls and (617) 801-6888 for international calls and by entering the passcode 79188357. This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be archived on Gartner's website at www.gartner.com for approximately 90 days. I will now turn the conference over to Brian Shipman, Gartner's Group Vice President of Investor Relations, for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Shipman: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Call. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, Chris Lafond. This call will include a discussion of Q4 and full year 2013 financial results as disclosed in today's press release. We will also go through our initial outlook for 2014. After our prepared remarks, you will have an opportunity to ask questions. I'd like to remind everyone that the press release is available on our website at www.gartner.com. Before we begin, we need to remind you that certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2012 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. The company undertakes no obligation to update any of its forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone on the call that we're hosting our annual Investor Day next Thursday, February 13, in New York City. If you would like to attend, please contact my assistant, Germaine Scott, at (203) 316-3411, and she will be happy to register you and provide you with the logistics. With that, I would like to hand the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. Gene?
Eugene A. Hall: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. On today's call, I'll cover 3 things. I'll begin with an overview of our 2013 full year results. I'll then discuss some of the leading indicators we see for our business and for sales productivity. And I'll share why I'm incredibly optimistic about the year ahead. Then I'll turn the call over to Chris Lafond, who will provide you with additional details about our full year and Q4 financial results for 2013, as well as our guidance for 2014. Our business performance was strong in 2013. We've had a consistent proven growth strategy for more than 8 years now. And the effective execution of that strategy has resulted in another year of double-digit growth in our key financial metrics. For the full year 2013, contract value was $1.4 billion, up 12% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis. Revenues were $1.8 million, up 11% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis. Earnings per share were $1.93, up 12% year-over-year. And normalized EBITDA was $345.4 million, up 10% year-over-year. These results create a strong foundation for us as we move into 2014. In Research, our largest and most profitable segment, we closed 2013 strong, showing [ph] double-digit contract value growth across every major region and, virtually, every industry and client size. Contract value was up 12% on an FX neutral basis. We ended the year with client and wallet retention rate at 82% and 98%, with wallet retention showing a 1-point improvement over Q3 2013. We are well positioned to accelerate contract value growth in 2014. We're beginning 2014 with a 16% growth in our sales force compared to this time last year, and we will continue to invest in this area. We have the foundation for strengthening sales productivity this year because of improvements in our ability to recruit talented sales people and improvements in sales training. With these changes, we achieved higher productivity from our 2013 new hires and expect this to continue as they gain experience. Retention of our sales people has improved about 2 points, increasing the number of experienced sales people and, of course, we had a strong Q4. The combination of these factors is why we're optimistic that we can grow our Research business in the 13% to 14% range during 2014. And as contract value growth accelerates, we also expect operating leverage to drive margin expansion. Let me now turn to our Consulting business. We saw a consistent demand throughout the year for our core Consulting and benchmark services. For the full year of 2013, Consulting revenues grew 4% on an FX neutral basis. The key indicator of future performance, backlog, ended the year at $106 million, representing 10% growth of the third quarter of 2013. Our Events business delivered yet another record-breaking year with 15% growth in revenues, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Revenues from exhibitors were up 17% on a same-events basis and attendee revenue grew 12% on a same-events basis. As I mentioned, Chris will provide detailed results for our 3 business segments in a moment. While the selling environment has not improved and nor do we expect it to any time soon, we've improved sales hiring and continued the effective execution of our proven strategy for growth. Our Q4 performance, along with a few leading indicators, makes me incredibly optimistic about the year ahead. So in summary, I'd like to leave you 3 takeaways from today's call. First, our business performance was strong during Q4 and throughout 2013, providing a great foundation for 2014. Second, our sales headcount growth, along with our ability to attract and retain better or qualified people and bring them to productivity faster, is the best it's ever been. And finally, we expect to accelerate our contract value growth rate by 100 to 200 basis points in 2014 and are well positioned to achieve sustained, double-digit growth in all of our key financial metrics as we've done in the past several years. Now I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher J. Lafond: Thanks, Gene. Good morning, everyone. We ended 2013 with double-digit growth in revenue, earnings and free cash flow, continuing the trend of consistent strong financial performance. We continue to successfully execute on our strategy and deliver on the financial objectives we've established and communicated to you over the past several years. Year-over-year contract value growth remained strong at 12% and retention rates ended at or near all-time highs. Our Consulting business grew 4% on an FX neutral basis for the full year, and our Events business increased by 15% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis, once again exceeding our long-term expectations for the segment. Demand for our services was robust across all 3 of our business segments in the fourth quarter. Our strong top line performance and effective execution in capitalizing on the operating leverage in our business allowed us to once again expand our gross contribution margin. Even as companies around the world face the uncertainties of the current macroeconomic environment, our business continues to grow at double-digit rates quarter after quarter. This is because our products and services provide great value to the IT supply chain and marketing professionals we work with. We're engaged on our most important initiatives and projects, and this is why we will continue to deliver consistent revenue growth and strong financial performance over the long term. I'll now provide a review of our 3 business segments for the fourth quarter and full year, and then I'll finish with a discussion of our outlook for 2014. Starting with Research. Research revenue was up 11% on an as-reported basis in the fourth quarter and grew 12% to $1.271 billion for the full year. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, Research revenues grew 12% for both fourth quarter and full year. Contribution margin in this segment increased 165 basis points to 69% in the fourth quarter and increased 109 basis points to 69.2% for the full year, as we once again capitalized on the operating leverage of this business. All of our key Research business metrics remained strong in the fourth quarter. Contract value grew to a record level of $1.423 billion, a growth rate of 13% year-over-year on a reported basis and 12% on an FX neutral basis. As has been the case for the past several years, our growth in contract value in Q4 was extremely broad-based with almost every region, industry segment and client size growing at double-digit rates. New business, again, increased year-over-year. The new business mix remains balanced between sales to new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. While our contract value growth continues to benefit from our discipline of annual price increases and no discounting, approximately 80% of our contract value growth came from volume with the balance from price increases. We've consistently increased our prices by 3% to 6% per year on an annual basis since 2005. We recently implemented a price increase during the fourth quarter of 2013 and we expect to do so again this year. Our volume growth reflects our success in continuing to grow the business by penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing clients. And as a result, we ended the quarter with 14,099 client organizations, up 6% over last year's fourth quarter. Our client retention rate ended the quarter at 82% and we've maintained client retention rates between 82% and 83% for 14 straight quarters. In addition to retaining our Research clients at an impressive rate, the clients we retain continue to increase their spending with Gartner and wallet retention ended at 98% in the fourth quarter. Wallet retention is higher than client retention due to a combination of increased spending by retained clients and the fact that we retained a higher percentage of our larger clients. As we've discussed in the past, our retention metrics are reported on a 4-quarter rolling basis in order to eliminate any seasonality. But it's important to note that our wallet retention increased 1 point from the third quarter. And on a stand-alone-quarter basis, wallet retention increased significantly in Q4 to over 100% when compared with Q3. Despite these few challenging areas, our Research business remains strong with double-digit contract value growth in almost every region, client size and industry during Q4. In fact, excluding the U.S. Federal Government business, the rest of the Americas contract value grew by 15% year-over-year. Similarly, excluding the few same problem areas we outlined last quarter, global contract value grew by 14% in 2013. With our continued strong performance in almost every part of the Research business, we're confident that we will see acceleration in our overall growth rate of contract value as these pockets recover. Assuming these areas don't weaken further, we believe we can accelerate our contract value growth rate to between 13% and 14% in 2014. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter in our Research business. We grew our contract value by $153 million on an FX neutral basis year-over-year. We continue to see strong demand from clients, and we continue to expect acceleration and contract value and revenue growth over the long term. We remain confident in our continued ability to deliver double-digit annual revenue growth in this business over the long term. Turning now to Events. Our Events segment continued to trend with extremely strong year-over-year revenue growth we've delivered for the past 4 years. In the fourth quarter, Events revenue increased 10% year-over-year on a both reported and FX neutral basis. During the fourth quarter, we held 11 Events with 20,786 attendees, compared to 14 Events with 22,548 attendees in the fourth quarter of 2012. On a same-events basis, Events revenue was up 15% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. For the full year 2013, Events revenue increased 14% on an as-reported basis and 15% on an FX neutral basis as we held 64 Events, 3 more than 2013 -- excuse me, 3 more than 2012. Attendee revenue increased 11% and exhibitor revenue increased 17% for the full year. The gross contribution margin of 53% for Q4 increased roughly 2 percentage points from the fourth quarter a year ago and our full year contribution margin of 46% was unchanged from the prior year. Our Events business remains well positioned to deliver another strong year in 2014. Moving on to Consulting. Revenues in Consulting increased 4% on a reported basis in the fourth quarter and increased 5% on an FX neutral basis. For the full year, Consulting results were in line with our long-term targets and our guidance for the year. Revenue growth for the full year in Consulting was 3% on an as-reported basis and 4% on an FX neutral basis. Our strategy continues to be to focus our Consulting services on a select group of our largest clients who request our differentiated benchmarking, Contract Optimization and other strategic services. Billable headcount of 509 was up 1% from the fourth quarter of 2012. Fourth quarter utilization was 65%, and revenue per billable headcount ended the quarter at $430,000. Let me spend a moment on Contract Optimization. We've told you in the past this part of our Consulting segment can fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. And Contract Optimization represents about 10% of our Consulting segment. We expect Contract Optimization revenue to range from approximately $30 million to $40 million annually. It ended 2013 at the high end of that range after it made the low end in 2012. We're seeing steady demand for our Consulting services. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for Consulting, ended the quarter at $106 million. This represents 10% growth over the prior quarter and a healthy 4 months of backlog, which is our target for this business. With the current backlog and visibility we have into the pipeline, the Consulting business is positioned to deliver solid results in the coming year. Moving down the income statement, SG&A increased by $27 million year-over-year during the fourth quarter primarily driven by growth in our sales force. For the full year, SG&A increased 12%, again reflecting an acceleration of our sales investment from the prior year. As of December 31, we had 1,643 quota-bearing sales associates, an increase of 226 sales associates from a year ago. We continue to tightly control G&A costs across the entire company. We believe this expense item will provide us with a source of operating leverage in the future as G&A continues to decline as a percent of revenue. Moving on to earnings. We delivered another quarter of solid earnings growth. Normalized EBITDA was $106 million in the fourth quarter, up 9% year-over-year. And GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.65, up 7% year-over-year. As expected, our Q4 2013 GAAP diluted earnings per share included $0.01 in amortization and other costs associated with our acquisitions, including Ideas International. For the full year 2013, normalized EBITDA grew 10% to $354.4 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.93, up 12% year-over-year. Our full year 2013 GAAP diluted earnings per share included $0.04 in amortization and other costs associated with our acquisitions, including Ideas International. I would note that our EPS growth rates were impacted by unusually low tax rates in 2012. For the fourth quarter, our tax rate was 29% in 2013 versus 24.5% in the fourth quarter of 2012. And in the full year, our tax rate was 31.4% in 2013 versus 29.6% in 2012. Turning to cash. Full year operating cash flow increased by 13% to $316 million from the same period in 2012. Free cash flow for the year was $280 million, an increase of 18% and in line with our guidance for 2013. We continue to deliver free cash flow of approximately 1.5x net income. Over the long term, we continue to expect to generate free cash flow at this level despite our tight cash management and the negative working capital characteristics of our Research business. During the fourth quarter, we utilized our cash to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases. For the full year, we repurchased over 3.4 million shares at a total cost of approximately $197 million. We ended the year with a strong balance sheet and cash position with net cash of $219 million. Our credit facility runs through March of 2018 and, at this time, provides us with about $550 million of remaining borrowing capacity. We have ample cash flow and liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive increased shareholder value. We continue to look for attractive acquisition opportunities as a potential use of cash. We also believe that repurchasing our shares remains a compelling use of our capital. Today, we announced that our Board of Directors approved a new $800 million share repurchase authorization, which replaces our previous $500 million program that had been largely exhausted. With this new larger authorization, our intention is to accelerate our share repurchase activity going forward. Absent other significant opportunities to deploy cash, we expect to utilize the bulk of this new authorization over the next 2 years, which would effectively double the pace of our 2013 repurchase activity. We believe we'll accomplish this more accelerated share repurchase activity while also maintaining capital for attractive M&A opportunities, given our high cash flow profile. One of our financial priorities is to take advantage of our cash flow and liquidity to optimize our capital structure and this accelerated share repurchase strategy is a step towards achieving that goal. Now let me turn to our business outlook for 2014. Based on the solid business trends we experienced in 2013, we believe our businesses are well positioned for another year of strong growth. Our guidance for 2014 is based on the following assumptions: the current macroeconomic environment continues through the year; our sales productivity remains flat or improves marginally from 2013 levels; our sales force grows approximately 15%; and with regard to foreign exchange, our guidance is based on the spot rates in early January. We've made no attempts in our guidance to anticipate any strengthening or weakening of the U.S. dollar from the actual foreign exchange rates in early January. For the full year 2014, we expect total revenues will grow by 9% to 11% to approximately $1.94 billion to $1.985 billion on an as-reported basis. We expect our results to have a marginal negative impact from foreign exchange during 2014, given where rates currently stand. And as a result, we expect revenues to grow marginally faster in each of our business units on an FX neutral basis in 2014, as compared to the as-reported number. The impact is expected to be approximately 50 basis points, given the rates today. Projected revenues by segment on an as-reported basis can be found in our press release. On an FX neutral basis, Research revenue is expected to be up 12% to 13%; Consulting revenue up 1% to 5%; and Events revenue up 8% to 13%. At this point, we plan to hold 62 to 64 events in 2014 as compared to 64 in 2013. Moving down the income statement, we expect normalized EBITDA for the full year 2014 to be between $375 million and $400 million, an increase of 10% to 17% over 2013 on an FX neutral basis. Given what we know today, we see the midpoint of that EBITDA range as the most likely outcome for the year. In 2014, we expect the costs associated with stock-based compensation plans to be approximately $37 million to $39 million. Total depreciation and amortization should be between $35 million and $37 million, inclusive of the amortization of acquisition intangible assets. We expect interest expense of approximately $9 million and other expense of $1 million to $2 million. We're projecting an annual effective tax rate of approximately 32.5% and our guidance is based on an average fully diluted shares outstanding of approximately 93 million shares for the year. Note that our tax rate may vary from quarter-to-quarter due to timing of certain items. Our GAAP earnings guidance for 2014 is for EPS to be between $2.12 and $2.30 per share. Similar to what I said with respect to EBITDA, given what we know today, we expect to be towards the middle of that EPS range. We also expect to grow our cash flow as we drive growth in our Research business. In 2014, we expect cash from operations of $336 million to $358 million, capital expenditures of $36 million to $38 million, and free cash flow of $300 million to $320 million. Thus, we expect to generate free cash flow per share of $3.23 to $3.45 in 2014. As in prior year, our cash -- our free cash flow should again approximate 150% of our net earnings levels in 2014. Now I'd like to provide some additional information to allow for an understanding of the seasonality and other factors that will impact our revenue and earnings on a quarterly basis. In 2014, our EPS phasing by quarter will reflect an even more pronounced seasonality than our reported results from 2013. The first quarter will, again, be the seasonally lightest quarter of the year. In 2014, we're planning to shift 4 Events and roughly $10 million of revenue out of Q1 into Q2. As a result, we expect GAAP EPS to be between $0.35 and $0.37 in the first quarter. Also reflecting that shift, Q2 Events revenue and earnings will be a bit heavier than in previous years. I'd also like to remind you that our third quarter results are a seasonally light quarter, again, due to our Events calendar on our Consulting business. As in years past, the fourth quarters are seasonally heaviest with more than 50% of the full year Events revenue in that quarter because our fall symposium series is held in Q4. Finally, I'd like to spend a moment on the impact of foreign exchange changes as it relates to our reported contract value. As we've communicated to you in the past, Research contract value is reported on an FX neutral basis throughout each year. We do this so you can understand the true organic growth in our Research segment. In January of each year, we restate opening contract value at current foreign exchange rates. As a result of changes in FX rates since January 2013, contract value at January 1, 2014, is approximately $21 million lower than the $1.423 billion reported on December 31. As a result, $1.402 billion is the baseline figure you should use for comparison purposes when judging contract value growth in 2014 on an FX neutral basis. So to summarize, we delivered solid results for both the fourth quarter and full year 2013. Demand for our services is strong and, as a result, we generated double-digit revenue growth and our key business metrics remained strong throughout 2013. Our initiatives to improve operational effectiveness, coupled with positive operating leverage inherent in our businesses, delivered solid earnings and cash flow growth for the full year. As always, we're actively exploring strategic alternatives for deploying our cash. We'll continue to invest in our business and return capital to shareholders through an accelerated share repurchase program going forward. Finally, with double-digit growth in contract value in 2013, we established a solid foundation for delivering another year of revenue and earnings growth in 2014. We're well positioned for double-digit revenue and earnings growth and increasing returns to our shareholders over the long term. Now I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Timothy McHugh of William Blair.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: First, I guess, Gene, just your comment about -- I guess, looking at the numbers, you expect sales productivity to be relatively flat. But just at a high level, you're talking about 15% sales force growth, you were just at 16%. So when you say 13% to 14% sales -- or contract value growth, I guess, what's the difference there? And is that roughly flat in your view? Or it still seems like it would be down a little bit.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, a great question. So basically, just to kind of recap, our sales force headcount growth year-over-year, we ended with 16% more people at the end of 2013 than we did at the end of 2012. And so that's an acceleration from what we had experienced the previous year as well. So with that -- what drives our contract value growth is the number of sales people you have and in the productivity of those sales people. And so if we look at it, we have the number of sales people up, there's a richer mix of newer sales people because we accelerated the number of new people, who on average sell a little less than tenured, experienced sales people. And you put all the mix, we look at the growth [indiscernible] productivity we're expecting and we're expecting something like 13% to 14% contract value growth, driven by, again, the combination of a 16% headcount growth with the growth in -- with the relatively flat sales productivity.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So when you're saying flat sales productivity, you're looking at the mixture of the sales people and basically given a certain tenure of the sales person, it would be flat with what you would expect, kind of?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. So basically, we're -- again, just to sort of summarize, we're expecting roughly flat sales productivity year-over-year. So we're not assuming any big improvement. And we're working on improvements and we're optimistic on that, as I talked about, but we've got to assume that when we talk about 13% to 14%. The 13% to 14% contract value growth is not predicated on a big improvement of sales productivity.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Right. I guess, just -- and then an update in terms of -- I think it was about 1 year, 1.5 years ago, you kind of rejiggered the approach to adding the sales people. What's your view on how that's taking hold, I guess? And then maybe somewhat different question, a broader one, is, there's a number of questions, I think, I continue to get and others continue to get just on sales force productivity and it's kind of trended down a little bit over the last couple of years. And so can you talk a little bit about your view on whether or not it's becoming harder to get each dollar of sale or if this is truly just a timing thing and you feel confident long term that it's unchanged?
Eugene A. Hall: So, in general, it's not getting harder to get each dollar of sale. Last year, we had -- Chris talked about this in his remarks. If you look at last year, our -- if you take out a small set of problem areas, actually, our growth -- our CV growth rate accelerated. And when you [indiscernible] total average, you include those problem areas, it makes sense, but then under the covers what's going on is, we had some things that were relatively -- and we haven't experienced those every year. It kind of happened last year. And even with that, we had roughly flat sales productivity. So if you exclude those areas, our productivity actually improved since because of the things you're talking about, so improved recruiting, improved training, our focus on retaining sales people so that we have a richer mix of tenured sales people. And so that's kind of what's driving our overall sales productivity.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then just, Chris, can I ask one question on the repurchases? You used the phrase "accelerated pace." Is that an accelerated case, meaning, you're going to buy back more? Or are you talking about truly an accelerated share repurchase plan, a more formal set of plans?
Christopher J. Lafond: No, we're not looking at an accelerated buyback. What we're looking at is increasing, so how quickly or how much we're spending on share repurchase. So if you look last year, 2013, we spent approximately $200 million. Our new authorization is $800 million. As I said in my remarks, we expect to spend that $800 million. Barring any other significant uses of cash that come up, we would expect to spend that over the next 2 years. So that's almost double the pace of activity. Our approach will be to continue to buy in the open market on a quarterly basis and you should expect us to be in the market doing that quite regularly.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mazari, Hamzah of Crdit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a follow-up question on sales force productivity. Could you give us a sense of how far behind Europe is in sales force productivity versus the U.S.? Is it 1 year, is it a 1.5 years? And maybe just update us on some of the operational issues last quarter, whether those are -- what the update there is?
Eugene A. Hall: So if you -- it's Gene. So if you look at Europe, there's not kind of one answer, meaning that there are some countries that are among the best in the world of sales productivity in Europe, and there are some areas that are not as good as that. And you can't look at Europe and truly say, "What's their total productivity?" We look at it by each of the selling teams and they're often oriented [ph] along with the countries. So some are really good and some are not quite so good. In the areas that -- at any given point in time we're in Gartner, we have sales teams around the world that some are doing better, some are doing a little worse. The ones that are having issues, we know what to do to fix them so we go in and we work on it, and we get those teams to have better productivity. And that's what we see in terms of Europe as well.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Very helpful. And last question on -- when you look at net new business and existing business contributing 50% each to revenue growth, does that mix change long-term as your sales force becomes more tenured? Or does that sort of stay consistent? How should one think about going out and getting more new business?
Eugene A. Hall: So as we've talked about, we have loads of opportunity in every place we go. And so for -- I don't -- today, we get contributions from new clients. We get clients new to Gartner from clients that are -- but existing clients, we sell more to, and there's huge opportunities on both those dimensions and while the mix change is a little bit quarter-to-quarter or whatever, for many years to come, we'd see growth in both of those categories being sort of comparable. So no change.
Christopher J. Lafond: And what I would add to that -- it's Chris. Just the facts on the existing clients, just the average Research client today spends approximately $100,000 with Gartner. So that's only 3 or 4 seats. So in terms of being able to continue to penetrate existing clients, there's still plenty of opportunity. The vast majority of our clients are buying between 1 and 5 seats. So still plenty of opportunity to penetrate existing. As Gene said, still plenty of opportunity as we talk about all the time in terms of companies we're not working with today. For many years running, we've had a pretty consistent balance of around half of our new business coming from new clients and half from existing, and we see no reason that will change.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jerry Herman of Stifel.
Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Chris, I wanted to ask you about the SG&A commentary again, given the move in that line item. You mentioned sales force activity, but it still seems to be bloated and I'm wondering if you can add some additional color there. And if there were any other year-end adjustments that impacted that line item?
Christopher J. Lafond: Thanks, Jerry. No, it really is when you look at SG&A, SG&A is about 2/3 sales and marketing, and 1/3 G&A. The G&A piece continues to come down as a percent of revenue. So no change in that trend. We're continuing to manage expenses very tightly there. So the G&A line has continued to do exactly what we have been doing and expect it to do. On the sales side, as we talked about, we had accelerated our sales hiring at 16%. That was only growing 12% last year. We actually added them throughout the year at -- earlier in the year, so you're seeing more of the impact. So if you look back at 2012, more people came towards the back end. This year, they came in more evenly, so you had the combination of accelerating growth and the timing of hires impacting that, which is why the S part of SG&A has gone up at the level it has. We, as we just talked about, feel very comfortable with what we're seeing in many parts of the world around sales productivity and that's where we're making our sales investments. So we feel like we're putting people in the right places that are going to have the biggest impact. And -- but given where sales productivity is, and that it's been flat to slightly down, that is, it's put a little pressure on the S part of the SG&A line as a percent of revenue.
Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then -- and the second question really relates to sort of the general operating leverage in the business overall. And your previous commentary about margin progression, I think you guys have talked about 50 to 150 basis points. As I look at last year, it looks like you were actually below that. And then I looked at your guidance for this year at least on an EBITDA margin basis, it looks like relatively minor movement in the EBITDA margin. I think it can come up with about 30 basis points year-over-year. Is there anything else that's going on either timing or structurally that's dampening that leverage?
Eugene A. Hall: We still expect -- no, we still expect that range, 50 to 150 basis points. Just a couple of things that we commented on last quarter and continue to comment on is, if you look at where the leverage has come from in the past, we have done a great job on the gross margin line. So the Research business, as an example, has moved from below 60% to close to our target of 70%. So you're getting very close to where we think that's the max for that segment. So in terms of getting more leverage out of improving the margin there, you get less there. So we think that the way we get 50 to 150 is shifting from getting it more on the gross margin line to getting more of it from continued expansion of sales productivity on the sales line. So we absolutely believe that. And I think if you look at our guidance range next year from high end to low end, we're in the middle of that 50 to 150 range, roughly at the high end. And so we certainly expect as we see and expect sales productivity to improve over time with the things we're doing that we will continue to see expansion of our operating margins and EBITDA margins as a result of that.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi of Janney Capital Markets.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wonder if we could just review what the problem areas are and just get a sense of what their impact is to the numbers in '13.
Christopher J. Lafond: It's Chris. What we talked about last time was, obviously, one big area was U.S. Fed. And what we talked about is that in the Americas, if you take out the U.S. Fed business, that business is growing 15-ish-percent. And so that has a pretty significant impact because of the challenges there. Just in terms of do we expect that to change? That's been a great market for us. It will continue in the future to be a great market for us. We still have a great amount of business with the U.S. Federal Government. They happen to be in a period of change and turmoil right now. We don't expect that to change significantly in 2014. So our expectations are that will continue to be a tough selling environment, and we don't expect to get any improvement there. But other than that, in the Americas, we're having fantastic growth and acceleration in contract value growth from where we were, if you exclude that. We also talked about some governments around Europe. Similarly, if you take that out, Europe has actually accelerated as well and is approaching overall in Europe 14% growth, if you take that out. So similar kind of thing. We're not expecting those environments to change. Governments around the world, we expect still to be under pressure and be tough selling environments. And when those governments with the national levels around the world change, we feel like we have an opportunity for that to really help us drive even further acceleration in contract value growth. And we did talk about some other problem areas. As always, there's a problem here, there, around the world. Nothing's ever perfect. And those are more internal than external, and we feel like we're addressing those and feel very comfortable as we move into 2014 that any issues we have internally have been dealt with and addressed.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And so I'm just trying to get a sense for the commentary around contract value acceleration. So based on that, based on what you just said, we're not expecting any change in U.S. Fed or some of the government business in Europe. So is the contract value acceleration based solely on sales force productivity or is there any change in the demand environment that's also being included in that?
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. It's really based on the fact that we come into the year with 16% headcount growth. And as I mentioned in my remarks, the productivity of those people we hired last year actually is higher in their first period of time. And so if you look at the trend, we expect that we have more people and those newer people are going to have higher productivity than our newer people have had in the past, on average. And so the combination of those 2 things.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. So it's productivity. Has there been any -- and the last question from me, I guess, just finishing up on the demand environment. Has there been any change, any uptick or change in the demand environment? Or do you -- is your expectation for next year for that to be flat with no real change in any of these problem areas?
Eugene A. Hall: So we're assuming the selling environment will remain the same in 2014 as it did in 2013. No improvement in the selling environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Meuler of Baird.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess, just first, a lot of the metrics you guys give us are trailing 12 metrics and I just want to make sure that I'm interpreting what you're saying correctly, Gene. If you look at on a quarterly basis, not a trailing 12 basis, have you already seen kind of the positive inflection, the acceleration, in terms of whether you look at new business sold, wallet retention, client retention, et cetera?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, that's a great question. So if you look at Q4 by itself, most of the metrics improved. So sales productivity actually improved in Q4, if you look at it by itself. If you look at the retention metrics, they actually improved, if you look at just Q4 by itself. So Q4, we actually saw an inflection point in Q4, and it's driven by the factors that I just talked -- that I talked about earlier, which is that we have more people. Those new people have higher productivity. We have lower sales [indiscernible]. All that stuff is driving this inflection point where all the kind of underlying leading indicators kind of had a nice uptick in Q4.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then I think you got a couple of questions on this. I'm still not quite clear on the answer, but in terms of the delta between the headcount growth being 16%, currently 15% you're expecting for the year and what you're guiding to for Research contract value growth '13 to '14, in '14, when you're saying that productivity is going to be flat to up, are you saying productivity for the year 1s is going to be flat to up? For the year 2s, they're going to be flat to up? For the year 3s, they're going to be flat to up? Or are you saying that across the whole base, it's going to be flat to up?
Eugene A. Hall: So let me just start by what we're talking when we say sales productivity. We're talking about the net contract value growth versus what we actually pay for people or versus the number of people. So if you look at the net contract value growth per person, we're expecting that to be flat to up for next year. And as we mentioned before, we actually saw they go up a little bit in Q4. So the contract value growth per person, as opposed to total contract value per person.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Got it, perfect. And then just finally, Chris, on the buyback, I just want to make sure that I'm -- if I heard you right, I think you said something, a share count that's pretty similar to where you probably exited the year in terms of what's baked into the guidance. So it sounds like maybe you built a little bit of the share count into the guidance, but way less than the 400 that you're expecting to spend, is that correct?
Christopher J. Lafond: No, I don't think so. I think we -- our expectation is that, as I said, for the $800 million program, we're going to be fairly aggressive and accelerate beyond what we've been doing, almost at twice the pace. And obviously, that comes in throughout the whole year so it doesn't all happen early. So you need to kind of feather that in. Based on that, we would expect to be in the market relatively evenly. And as a result, we would expect it to be in the range of shares that I gave you. It could have come in a little lower, maybe, depending on how quickly we buy shares back. But I would say that's a reasonable place to be based on all the modeling we've done.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: You did say 93 million shares for the full year and the Q4 average share count was 93.9 million and you were buying during Q4. So I'm assuming the exit share count is lower than the 93.9 million. Are all of those numbers correct?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, you got them right.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Appert of Piper Jaffray.
John D. Crowther - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Yes, you've got John Crowther on for Peter. Just following up on that last question on productivity, and I apologize if you may have mentioned this earlier. But sort of wondering what your pace of sales earning is going to be in '14. As you talked about '13 was a little bit more front-end-loaded. And then kind of following up on that on the productivity sector comments, you said the productivity in Q4 was actually up year-over-year. So just wondering, again, is there going to be a little bit of seasonality to productivity driven by the pace of sales force hiring?
Eugene A. Hall: So the first question, our long-term goal is to hire 15% to 20% per year in terms of adding to the sales force and we expect to be in that range for 2014. In terms of the variability, so if you look at the net contract value growth per person in a stand-alone quarter, we saw more net contract value growth. It varies by quarter. So if you calculate that way, of course, it will change like where there's some seasonality, which is why we look at a rolling 12 -- rolling 4 quarters to kind of normalize it there.
John D. Crowther - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. I guess, I'm just trying to understand, maybe give a little bit of a reminder here of the sort of pacing of productivity of new hires, especially given a little bit of the commentary earlier about efforts to improve that productivity of those people.
Eugene A. Hall: So we have been shifting hiring to earlier in the year. As Chris mentioned earlier, in 2013, we hired throughout the year much earlier than we did in 2012. And then in 2014, we're also planning to be a little more front-loaded than to hire evenly throughout the year in terms of the sales force growth. The guys we hired last year -- once you hire somebody, then they go to training and then they get in territory and it takes a little while before they make -- before they could prep for a sale. And so as you can imagine, as you hire new salespeople, they get more productive over time. And so their first full year, they have one level of productivity. Second full year, it's substantially better. And third full year, it's still even better than that. And so the people that we hired in 2013, suppose that was more front-loaded in the year, we come into 2014 with both more people and also those new hires that we had have had a little more tenure than the ones that we came into 2013 with, all of which is why we're kind of optimistic on our results for 2014 -- contract value growth for 2014.
Operator: The next question comes from Manav Patnaik of Barclays.
Gregory Bardi - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is actually Greg calling on for Manav. I was just wondering with the accelerated buybacks if you could give some color on what that means for other capital allocation options, whether it's the M&A environment or a potential [indiscernible] in the future.
Eugene A. Hall: So a couple of things. First of all, we are in a great position from a cash perspective. We have over $400 million of cash. We have over $500 million of liquidity in our credit facility. So we have -- and we generate well in excess of $300 million a year in cash every year. So we have more than ample ability to accelerate our share repurchases from where we've been and give us the continued flexibility for acquisition. So we are not limiting our ability to do acquisitions. We still think there are plenty of opportunities and continue to look aggressively there. Because our balance sheet is strong, because our cash flow profile's improved, we're taking the opportunity to accelerate and still give us the same flexibility. As we've talked about many times, the 2 things that we think are the best use of cash are share repurchases and acquisitions. But over time, we will continue to look for other opportunities and we are open to other things as we continue to strengthen our balance sheet and drive further cash flow. But at this point, those are the 2 things that we feel are the most attractive from a shareholder value perspective.
Gregory Bardi - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then on the Events business, maybe a little bit on whether you're seeing anything from corporate restrictions on travel and how that may be affecting that business.
Eugene A. Hall: Is that -- you're talking Events?
Gregory Bardi - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes.
Eugene A. Hall: From an Events perspective, as you've seen over the last couple of years, we've continued to see great attendance growth at all of our events globally. Despite the economic environments, all of our events everywhere in the world, our fourth quarter events, almost every event was up year-over-year in attendance. So we've not seen any impact significantly. The one place we did see some impact was in the Federal Government business where some of those travel restrictions did impact some attendance, but overall, I would say it's not a significant issue for what we've seen in our performance in 2013.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee of RBC Capital.
Gunnar Hansen - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is Gunnar Hansen in for Gary. Just in terms of the recent productivity improvement, especially amongst some of the more recent hires, I was wondering if there is a reason why you've been a little bit conservative on the pace of sales hiring, particularly at the lower end of your long-term range.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, so as we mentioned, last year, we hired at 16%, which is well within the 15% to 20%, and we're planning this year to be in that same range. So we're kind of in the range of what we have aspired to be in.
Gunnar Hansen - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I just didn't know that the more recent improvements of productivity among those kind of shifted any further pace of hiring. But I guess, just in terms of the recent challenges you guys had in France, any kind of update on that?
Eugene A. Hall: The -- we're in some -- more than 90 countries around the world. At any given point in time, we're going to have an operational issue in 1 or 2 of them. And the -- but it's operational things that we know what to do about. It's not something -- if I compare it to the national government issues, that was more an internal operations thing and we have that at any given point in time somewhere. We know what to do to fix it, and so we're not concerned about that.
Gunnar Hansen - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just in terms of the use of cash and particularly with the acquisitions on the horizon there, has it been more of like a lack of attractive assets, lack of sellers or kind of a pricing issue for you guys?
Eugene A. Hall: As you know, a couple of things. Number one, we're pretty thoughtful on acquisitions. We can continue to do and deliver the kind of results we have with -- organically. So we do not need to acquire companies to deliver the results. So we're very thoughtful on acquisition. We're very thoughtful about spending shareholder money on acquisitions at the right price. So for us, there's no lack of attractive candidates. It all comes down to the appropriate valuation. And obviously, many things in our space are privately held and when they are available for sale by the owners and we're always looking and continue to do that and we see no change in the marketplace for opportunities.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Silber of BMO Capital Markets.
Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I'm not going to ask about the sales force productivity. Actually, just you were talking about your global exposure. I know there's been a lot of concern about emerging markets' exposure. I don't know exactly how you guys define emerging markets, but maybe you can give us a little bit more color about what you're doing in some of those areas.
Eugene A. Hall: Sure. I think when you look overall at our business, emerging markets are a relatively small piece today. We -- as we've talked about in the past, a few places, India, China, Brazil, some of those places have done extremely well for us and are still growing at or above the average for our business. So we've -- and by the way, yes, there's been a deceleration. Brazil has decelerated from extremely high pace, but it's still running at a pace that's above our average contract value growth rate. So we feel very good about the places we are operating in from an emerging markets point of view. And we continue to see really nice, healthy growth out of those areas. And I don't view them today as a drag against our overall growth rates.
Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: All right, that's great to hear. And just a question about the guidance. In trying to get to your normalized EBITDA numbers, what kind of gross margin should we be modeling? And if we can get color by the different divisions, that would be great.
Eugene A. Hall: So if you look at the 3 segments, Research is approaching what we think is our long-term target of 70%. And our Consulting business, over time, should move to 40% and we're kind of sitting at 36-ish percent now. So there's a little bit more room for that to expand. It's not going to do that overnight, but we would expect that to move this year a little bit closer towards that 36 number. Events, we think, is about a 50% number overall, depending on the number of launches and where we launch those. But we would fully expect that to start to -- or continue to move in that direction. And you saw a little bit of that movement in Q4. So you should think 70%, 40%, 50% as the long term for those 3 segments, Research, Consulting and Events. We're approaching that in Research, a little more room in both of the other segments.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to Brian Shipman for closing remarks.
Brian Shipman: Thank you, everyone, for being with us today on the Q4 2013 earnings call. If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to contact us. And we look forward to seeing you next week in New York at Investor Day. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Shipman - Group Vice President of Investor Relations Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer and Director Christopher J. Lafond - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Gartner's Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter 2013. A replay of this call will be available through December 8, 2013. The replay can be accessed by dialing (888) 286-8010 for domestic calls and (617) 801-6888 for international calls, and by entering the passcode 21291407 followed by the # key. This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be archived on Gartner's website at www.gartner.com for approximately 90 days. I will now turn the call over to Brian Shipman, Gartner's Group Vice President and -- of Investor Relations, for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Shipman: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, Chris Lafond. This call will include a discussion of Q3 2013 financial results as disclosed in today's press release. After our prepared remarks, you will have an opportunity to ask questions. I'd like to remind everyone that the press release is available on our website, and that URL is gartner.com. Before we begin, we need to remind you that certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2012 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. The company undertakes no obligation to update any of its forward-looking statements. With that, I'd like to hand the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. Gene?
Eugene A. Hall: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our earnings call for the third quarter of 2013, with another quarter of double-digit growth in contract value and our key financial metrics. Our business is performing well, and our results demonstrate continued effective execution of our proven strategy. Research, our largest and most profitable segment, continues to deliver double-digit growth. We have robust demand for our services across all regions, industries and client sizes. We had 12% contract value growth during Q3, with few challenges in very specific areas, which moderately impacted our overall contract value growth rate. Chris will show more details in a moment. We understand where these issues are and we're making changes to address them, which we will expect will accelerate our contract value growth rate. Even with these challenges, we again achieved double-digit growth in every region, in every client size and in virtually every industry, including the public sector. Our Events segment had another terrific quarter and continues to achieve strong double-digit growth in revenues, attendees and exhibitors at our events around the world. And our Consulting segment remains on track to deliver within the guidance we gave you last quarter. I just returned from 2 of our Symposium ITxpo events, one in Orlando, Florida; and the other in Australia. Symposium ITxpo is our flagship conference series, and we host 8 of these conferences each year in different locations around the globe. Across all of these events, we're seeing record-level attendance and revenues. Symposium ITxpo is the world's most important gathering of CIOs and senior IT executives. There's nothing else like it on the planet. In Orlando, which is the largest of this series, we hosted nearly 2,700 CIOs, and that's up more than 17% over last year. While in Orlando, I met with a number of CIOs and enterprise leaders from our diverse array of industries: manufacturing, retail and banking and financial services, even technology clients. These leaders are incredibly excited about the impact of IT on their enterprises and the critical role Gartner plays in achieving their enterprises' objectives. I also had the opportunity to speak with a large number of our salespeople at these events, and they're incredibly enthusiastic about the Gartner brand and market opportunity, as much so as I have ever seen them. Gartner is the best source of help for enterprise leaders watching critical initiatives within the technology revolution. We know how to be successful in any economic environment, and we're relevant whether an institution is growing or facing economic challenges. We continue to deliver double-digit results to our key operating metrics through the tremendous value we deliver to our clients. I remain confident in and excited about Gartner. The Gartner brand is in a class by itself. Our products, services and people are superior to the competition. We have a great business model and we're relevant to virtually every company and government agency in the world. And with that, I'd like to hand the call to Chris.
Christopher J. Lafond: Thanks, Gene. And good morning, everyone. During the third quarter, we continued to successfully execute on our strategy to deliver consistent double-digit growth in contract value, revenue, earnings and cash flow over the long term. This growth was led by capturing more of the significant market opportunity that remains for our Research business. We continued to see strong trends in our key business metrics, and demand for our services remained solid across our 3 business segments. Even if companies face the uncertainties of the current economic environment, our business continues to grow at double-digit rates quarter after quarter, and this is because our products and services provide great value to the IT and supply chain professionals we work with. We're engaged in our most important initiatives and projects. And this is why we continue to deliver consistent revenue growth and strong financial performance over the long term. Let me now review each of our 3 business segments for the third quarter, starting with Research. Research revenue was up 11% to $317 million on an as-reported basis in the third quarter. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, Research revenues grew 12% compared to the prior year. The contribution margin in this segment increased 147 basis points to 69.6% in the third quarter, as we once again capitalized on the operating leverage of this business. All of our key Research business metrics remained strong in the third quarter. Contract value grew to a record level of $1,327,000,000, a growth rate of 13% year-over-year on a reported basis and 12% on an FX neutral basis. As it's been the case for the past several years, our growth in contract value in Q3 was extremely broad based, with every region and client size growing at double-digit rates and almost every industry segment, including the public sector globally, also grew at double-digit rates. New business, again, increased year-over-year, and the new business mix was balanced between sales to new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. While our contract value growth continues to benefit from our discipline in annual price increases and no discounting, approximately 80% of our contract value growth came from volume, with the balance from price increases. We've consistently increased our prices by 3% to 6% per year on an annual basis since 2005. We recently implemented a price increase during the fourth quarter of 2013 and we expect to do so again next year. Our volume growth reflects our success in continuing to grow the business by penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing clients. As a result, we ended the quarter with 13,422 client organizations, up 6% over last year's third quarter. Our client retention rate ended the quarter at 82%, and we've maintained client retentions between 82% and 83% for 13 straight quarters. In addition to retaining our research clients at an impressive rate, the clients we retain continue to increase their spending with Gartner, and wallet retention ended at 97% in the third quarter. Wallet retention is higher than client retention, due to a combination of increased spending by retained clients and the fact that we retained a higher percentage of our larger clients. As we've discussed in the past, our retention metrics are reported on a 4-quarter rolling basis in order to eliminate any seasonality. It's important to note that both client and wallet retention rates remained at the same levels we reported in Q2. On a stand-alone quarter basis, wallet retention improved by approximately 2 points in Q3, as compared to Q2. As we mentioned last quarter, we expected our retention rates to remain at these high levels despite a few challenging pockets in Europe and in the public sector. Let me spend a moment providing some additional color on these few challenging areas. It should not surprise you that a few governments around the world, including the U.S. Federal Government, modestly affected our overall growth. Nor should it surprise you that Europe remains a difficult selling environment and is growing slower on average in the rest of our businesses around the world. For example, our business in France, low to single-digit growth due primarily to some internal operational challenges that we're addressing. Despite these few challenging areas, our Research business remained strong, with double-digit contract value growth in every major geography, client size and almost every industry during Q3. In fact, excluding the U.S. Federal Government business, the rest of the Americas grew contract value by 15% year-over-year, which is an acceleration from Q2. On a global basis, excluding a couple governments in our business in France, global contract value grew by 14%. As we discussed during our last call, contract value growth in 2013 has been impacted by these few challenging areas. With our continued strong performance in almost every part of the Research business, we're confident that we will see acceleration on our overall growth rate in contract value as these pockets recover. And then on a final note with Research, I'd like to touch on sales productivity, which remains one of our focus areas. As with contract value in the third quarter, sales productivity has been pressured by the specific challenges I just mentioned. Most of our sales teams in regions continue to perform very well, with productivity flat to increasing. As we've talked about in the past, we also continue to make operational improvements to improve our overall sales productivity regardless of the economic environments where we operate. We fully expect to see increasing sales productivity over time. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter in our Research segment. We grew contract value by $145 million on an FX neutral basis year-over-year. We continue to see strong demand from clients and we continue to expect acceleration in contract value and revenue growth. We remain confident in our ability to deliver double-digit annual revenue growth in this business over the long term. Turning now to Events. Our Events segment continued the trend of extremely strong year-over-year revenue growth that we've delivered for the past 3 years. In the third quarter, Events revenue increased 29% year-over-year on a reported basis and 31% on an FX neutral basis. During the third quarter, we held 16 events with 6,353 attendees compared to 14 events with 5,566 attendees in the third quarter of 2012. On a same-events basis, Events revenue was up 10% year-over-year. Gross contribution margin of 30% for Q3 increased roughly 6 percentage points from the third quarter a year ago. Looking ahead, we see strong demand for both attendee and exhibitor participation during our largest events quarter of the year. For the past few weeks, we've held 6 of our symposium events around the world, and next week, we'll hold our final of the year in Barcelona. Some of you attended our symposium ITxpo in Orlando last month and saw firsthand the strength of this series of events. Our Events business remains solidly on track to deliver another strong the year. Moving on to Consulting. Revenues in Consulting declined 2% on a reported basis in the third quarter and declined 1% on an FX neutral basis. Our strategy continues to be to focus our Consulting services on a select group of our largest clients who request our differentiated benchmarking, Contract Optimization and other strategic services. While our Consulting business has also been impacted by the global public sector challenges this year, on a year-to-date basis, revenues are up 3% FX neutral in this segment. And we remain on track to deliver in the range of our full year revenue guidance. Billable headcount of 516 was up 3% from the third quarter of 2012. Third quarter utilization was 58%, and revenue per billable headcount ended the quarter at $374,000. Most important, for the remainder of the year, we're seeing steady demand for our Consulting services. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our Consulting business, ended the quarter at $96.5 million. This represents 3% growth over the prior quarter and a healthy 4 months of backlog, which is our target for this business. Additionally, our pipeline is solid as we enter the final quarter of the year. With the current backlog and visibility we have into the pipeline, the Consulting business is positioned to deliver results in line with our long-term objectives. Now moving down the income statement. SG&A increased by $16 million year-over-year during the third quarter, primarily driven by growth in our sales force. As of September 30, we had 1,605 quota-bearing sales associates, an increase of 208 sales associates from a year ago. We continue to tightly control G&A costs across the entire company. We believe this expense item will provide us with a source of operating leverage in the future, as G&A will continue to decline as a percentage of revenue. Moving on to earnings. We delivered another quarter of solid earnings growth, with normalized EBITDA at $75 million in the third quarter, up 10% year-over-year. And GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.40, up 21% year-over-year. As expected, our Q3 2013 GAAP diluted earnings per share included $0.01 per share in amortization and other costs associated with our acquisitions, including Ideas International. Turning to cash. Year-to-date operating cash flow increased by 16% to $242 million over the same period in 2012. We continue to expect the same level of free cash flow for the year that we indicated in our previously issued guidance. Over the long term, we continue to expect to generate free cash flow substantially greater than our net income given our tight cash management and the negative working capital characteristics of our Research business. During the third quarter, we utilized our cash to return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program. We repurchased over 1 million shares at a total cost of approximately $59 million. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet and cash position, with net cash of $170 million. Our credit facility runs through March 2018 and, at this time, provides us with about $550 million of remaining borrowing capacity. We have ample cash flow and liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive increased shareholder value. We continue to look for attractive acquisition opportunities as a potential use of cash. We believe that repurchasing our shares remains a compelling use of our capital, and we have $84 million remaining under our board authorization. Now let me turn to our business outlook for the remainder of 2013. With our Q3 results in line with our overall expectations, there are no changes to the guidance we discussed on our Second Quarter Conference Call. And as always, the details of that guidance are contained in today's press release. So to summarize. We delivered another strong quarter of great results. Demand for our services is solid, and as a result, we generated double-digit revenue growth and our key business metrics remained strong in the third quarter. Our initiatives to improve operational effectiveness, coupled with the positive operating leverage inherent in our business, delivered solid earnings growth, and we generated substantial cash flow. As always, we are actively exploring strategic alternatives for deploying our cash. We will continue to invest in our business and return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program. We expect to repurchase shares throughout the remainder of 2013 and beyond. Finally, with double-digit growth in contract value in the third quarter, we've built a solid foundation for delivering strong revenue and earnings growth for the remainder of 2013. We're well positioned for double-digit revenue and earnings growth and increasing returns to our shareholders over the long term. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have our first question from the line of Joseph Foresi of Janney Capital Markets.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Yes, I wonder if you could talk about how you're feeling about sales productivity at this point, and your out forecast or how many sales people you plan on hiring before the end of the year.
Christopher J. Lafond: Joe, it's Chris. Thanks for the question. So the first up, I'll answer the second one first. We have been guiding, as always, in the 15% to 20% range. This year, we'd said we'd be around 15%. We're trending to that, and that's where we would expect to end the year. So about 15% growth in our sales force. With regard to sales productivity, as I mentioned, we're actually seeing some really good results in the vast majority of our sales force. In fact, we're seeing some incremental improvements in certain pockets. We've seen a number of things stay relatively flat. And as I mentioned, there's a few places that we're seeing pressure that are causing us some challenges from a sales productivity perspective, so as I mentioned, some of the governments around the world, France. But if you strip those out, we feel like sales productivity is pretty stable. We certainly would like to see it higher. As we've talked about many times, we're continuing to do many things to move that in the right direction, but we certainly believe that -- with what we're seeing today across most of the field and as we see these few pockets recover, that we'll see improving sales productivity from here.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe you could talk a little bit -- we've heard some or picked up some data points that Europe is getting incrementally better on the margin. Maybe if you could just talk about what you're seeing there as far as demand is concerned.
Eugene A. Hall: So Joe, it's Gene. So overall in Europe, the -- we're seeing good demand for our services. As Chris mentioned, there's 2 particular areas that have been a little bit challenging for us, which is France, which with these operational issue; and then one of the federal governments has -- is going through similar things with what's going in the U.S. government. And so it's difficult to do business with them. Other than that, we're actually seeing quite good new business growth and very good retention in Europe.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then the last question for me. Just on the governments -- the government side of the business, maybe you could frame your exposure, where you're seeing the pockets of weakness. And what's built into present guidance?
Eugene A. Hall: The -- let me just, spend a second to describe what's going on in the -- so every government is not a problem. As we have mentioned, we are -- we have double-digit growth in the public sector overall. There are couple of specific problems. And what's going on in there is the U.S. government is a great example where they've changing their procurement practices, in addition to having sequestration, which has just made things even more complicated. There is a period of time where you can't even meet with people. That makes it very tough to sell new business, much less renew their -- our existing business. That's kind of what's going on. As we look forward, I think I'll let Chris talk about that.
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes. So Joe, I would say just a couple of things. Overall, public sector, when we talk about public sector, what we've talked about from a sizing point of view, and public sector includes all of the governments around the world, state and local governments, all public enterprises, universities, health care systems, et cetera, it's in the 15% to 20% range. So that's kind of the sizing. As we talked about earlier, public sector in total is actually up double digit, so we're doing quite well across the overall public sector. And it really is just a handful of areas that are giving us some real challenges. And as we said earlier, you shouldn't be surprised that the U.S. Federal Government, as Gene talked about, is one of those areas. So our expectation for the remainder of the year is we continue to see the performance that we've had in those areas. We didn't expect that the U.S. government would suddenly improve anytime soon. And so that's kind of what we're thinking as we look forward in our guidance.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Tim McHugh of William Blair.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: First, I guess you mentioned France, so I guess the follow-up question is, how big is it roughly, even relative to your exposure in Europe?
Christopher J. Lafond: It's not significant. I mean, when you look at it, yes, it's one of the larger countries, obviously, in Europe and so it's obviously one of the bigger areas for us. But in total magnitude, it's not really significant in terms of overall percentage. But having said that, relatively small movements in some of these larger countries can make an impact and can impact overall that rate of contract value growth, right? So when you take a few things like the governments we've talked about, France, those few things have really moved the needle and taken us from 14% growth. If you strip those out, as I said, we're at 14% growth. But you're talking certainly under $50 million and much less than that in terms of where France is.
Brian Shipman: Contract value.
Christopher J. Lafond: Contract value.
Eugene A. Hall: Just as Chris said in his remarks, France basically had good double-digit growth, and it's slowed to single-digit growth. So it's not even going negative or anything like that, but it's slowed enough and it's big enough to where it had a -- that, combined with the 2 governments we mentioned, is what results in the net deceleration.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: No. From the comment, it sounded like the government situations, quite honestly, are somewhat outside your control, whereas you felt like France was more of operational, I believe you said. Is that...
Eugene A. Hall: It think that's the very characterization. So France has really operational issues that -- we're very, very good operationally. Occasionally, we have operational problems. France is one of those, and that will get fixed, we think, pretty quickly. The 2 federal governments we mentioned are kind of -- again, it's in the press every day in terms of what's going on with the federal governments. And so the -- so you're right, those are 2 different issues between France and then the 2 federal governments we've mentioned.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So can you help me understand what operational issues would -- I mean, is it leadership, sales, turnover, I mean, what type of issues?
Eugene A. Hall: Well, the -- we have a selling process and we have a renewal process. And when we follow that process well, it works great. And when we don't follow that process quite as well, it doesn't work so well. And so we just stood-out issues where we didn't follow the processes that we know work well. It's got a -- it's as simple as that. And we're obviously very focused on it, and we believe France will be quickly back on a good track.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then my last question, just the uptick you described in the U.S. growth, excluding the government, is there anything underlying that if you looked by kind of company size or vertical that -- or even how you've added sales people that's driving it?
Eugene A. Hall: Well, it's we have strong growth across all of the sectors. So it's not any one particular sector. Or we're kind of adding salespeople across all those sectors. So you -- to put it in perspective, we don't have one sector grow 50% the number of salespeople, another grow 0, because you can't handle it operationally. And so when you sort of think about it with our sales force growth being, as Chris said, in the range of 15%, it's kind of evenly spread. There might be some at 20% and some at 10%, but it's kind of evenly spread. And then if you look at demand, it's going to be evenly spread as well.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler of Baird.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: The 14% growth that you guys cited x France, x the 2 -- was that x the 2 governments? Or is that x all public sector? What was that x?
Christopher J. Lafond: No, it's not. It's not excluding all public sector, it's just excluding a couple of governments around the world that we're particularly challenged, and France. So we really just had a few pockets, as we talked about. So if you just take those out, you're at 14%.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And what would that growth rate on a same-type basis have been in the last 2 quarters? Just wondering, is that's holding steady around 14%, and the overall deceleration is being driven by those pockets of weakness? Or are you starting to see acceleration, excluding those pockets of weakness?
Christopher J. Lafond: What I would say is it's pretty stable. As we said last quarter, we really just had a few pockets that were causing us to dip a bit, and that's still exactly the case. So everything else in the world is stable, and a few places slightly improving. As I talked about in my comments, the Americas actually accelerated a bit from Q3 to Q2. And we actually said the same thing last quarter. So the Americas is actually on a path of slight acceleration overall, excluding the U.S. government sector.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then can you remind us what percentage of new business sold in the Research business is sold in Q4?
Christopher J. Lafond: If you look at overall contract value, it's pretty balanced. So our overall contract value mix is not dramatically different quarter-by-quarter. It varies from, about 28-maybe percent of the renewals come up in Q4. So there's a little bit of variation, but it's all around the quarter. Q4 tends to be our larger new business quarter per share with our sales force into their accelerators, and their comp plan drives that.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then I think you obviously took out about 1%, I think, of the stock in this quarter via repurchases. You've said that remains a compelling use of capital but also said exploring, actively exploring, strategic alternatives. Would you guys consider a leveraged recap? Or what would it take for you to be even more aggressive on the share repurchases given the shape that your balance sheet's in and what type of free cash flow you throw off?
Christopher J. Lafond: I think what we have said over time is we do believe that we have the ability to take on significantly more debt. As always, we are looking at a number of things. We've told you many times that acquisitions remain something that's really important to us and they can drive significant shareholder value. The acquisitions we've done have been great uses of cash. And we've been able to take that content that we acquire, put it into our sales channel and drive pretty significant performance improvement over what big companies were doing on their own. And so we see great leverage out of doing that. And that's why we continue to look for those opportunities. So we would have no problem, with the right acquisition, to take on significantly more debt. And we will continue to be aggressive in our share repurchase program as well.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Would you consider taking on debt up to 1 or 2 turns of EBITDA, say, to do a share repurchase? Or would you only consider levering up for an acquisition?
Christopher J. Lafond: No, we have no problem taking on debt for any transaction that we think drives shareholder value. So we would certainly take on debt well above 3x debt-to-EBITDA because we can bring it down relatively quickly.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Peter Appert of Piper Jaffray.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: So I will preface my question by saying the revenue growth numbers are obviously pretty impressive in the context of the macro environment, but we always want more, obviously, as evidenced by the questioning. And so my question is, the U.S. government impact, can you sense or can you determine whether the purchases are deferred? Or is the U.S. government actually downsizing in terms of its purchase levels, and therefore, we should anticipate permanently reduced revenue from that channel?
Eugene A. Hall: So Peter, it's Gene. So the -- our -- what we sell to the federal government is an itty-bitty miniscule part of what they buy even in our field. There is huge opportunity there. The issue -- what's going on there is they had -- there's 2 things that have gone on in the last couple of quarters, which is they've changed the process by which they buy things and made it -- which is we have to adapt to that new process. So that's one thing that's happening. And so we know what those changes are. And we believe, over time, it's going to continue to be a great market for us because we understand what those changes are, they still have great need for our services, the value of our services. But the -- when they've -- as they change these processes, we have to change with them and adapt, it takes a little bit of time. And the second thing obviously is that sequestration just kind of stopped everything dead in the water for a while even beyond the period where the government has actually shut down. Obviously, it takes a while to kind of get started back up again and figure out what was where. So in -- the combination of changing buying processes and sequestration made it a tough environment. Having said that, there's the -- there's no lack of opportunity for us to grow in the federal government. It's a huge market. We have barely penetrated our opportunity there. They need and value our services. In fact, we have -- what's interesting about it, Peter, is if you'd look at the people, actually, in IT in the federal government, there is strong robust demand. The issue is getting it through the procurement processes that have changed, where the -- our IT people that ultimately use these services are kind of figuring out how to do that. We're figuring how to do it. And frankly, even the procurement people within the government are trying to sort out exactly how these changed process are going to work. And so there is totally robust demand. We're working with the clients that are dying to use our services, the IT people that are dying to use our services, to work our way through the new processes and are confident that, over the long term, it's going to -- it's been a great market for us and we continue to believe it's going to continue to be a great market for us.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: So Chris, the guidance gives you a pretty wide range here in the fourth quarter in terms of the possibilities. Can you talk a little bit about sort of what the over-unders are in terms of what gets you to the higher or lower end of the range here going into the end of the year?
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, I would just make a couple of comments on guidance. I think, if you look at each of the 3 segments, I think, for a $1.3-plus-billion Research business, we have pretty tight guidance on that revenue range. So it -- really, that one is, as you can imagine, pretty easy to predict barring foreign exchange and a few other things. So that one is going to be a pretty tight range, which is why it is what it is. Consulting, as we talk about all the time, there's variability in our Contract Optimization business, so depending on when our large clients do these large transactions. So we think -- especially in Q4, we think that, that business can bounce around as clients are doing their year-end purchases. So that leaves us a little bit of variability. On the Events side, we're certainly having an incredibly strong year. We're finishing up. And this happens to be our largest events period, so even though we're going into Q4, it happens to be our largest period, so it's the period where we have potentially more variability. As you know, in the Events business, people sign up for events closer to the date of the event, so there's a kind of a hockey stick curve there. So that's why we have the range that we have on the revenue side. And those are really the big variability. We don't see anything, other than those things, that cause us any reason to be concerned.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Great. And then Chris, just a number of questions. I may have missed this, but did you give the year-to-year change in attendance for ITxpo or your [indiscernible] for symposium? And then also, what was the magnitude of the price increase in the fourth quarter?
Christopher J. Lafond: We -- as you know, from -- I'll answer the price increase first then go back to our Events. We do 3% to 6%, has been the range. We're at the lower end of that again. We've been at the lower end of that now for the last few quarters given the current economic environment around the world. It's our objective to increase prices but do things in a thoughtful way, and that's kind of why we landed where we landed. And we will continue to do that. We expect to do that again in 2014 and beyond. So that's our continued strategy. With regard to Events, our events attendees have been up really nicely and exhibitors up really nicely through the third quarter. We didn't talk specifically about all the attendees at all of our symposium, but we've had -- and because we're going through those now. We've finished a bunch of them and have one more coming up in Barcelona next week. Attendance has been great. Exhibitors has been great. We've seen great attendance there, still well on track to what we expected. Obviously, you should not expect our fourth quarter numbers to be up quite as much as the full year because they're the bigger events, right? So our symposium events are bigger. And you're not going to see 20-plus-percent growth there. So you should not be concerned when you see that level of growth be a little less than you saw for the rest of the year. And they're more mature events. What has been great is we've seen a great CIO participation. We've seen significant increases in CIO participation at all the events. So we feel really good about our attendees and what we're seeing there.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: You're up -- I'm recalling, you're against a pretty tough comp because I'm remembering last year's attendance was very strong as well. So do you expect to be up in total attendance this year?
Christopher J. Lafond: Well, I think, yes. We absolutely do across-the-board across the symposiums. I think, from a CIO perspective, we're approaching 15% to 20% growth in the CIO attendees at all of our events. So that part's doing great. And the overall attendees are up in those conferences as well.
Operator: And next question comes from the line of Jerry Herman of Stifel.
Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Not to beat up the government situation too much, you're probably sick of talking about it, but just wondering if the contract value will decelerate before it, in fact, accelerates given some of those headwinds. Is it enough to tip it in a sequential softening?
Christopher J. Lafond: Jerry, it's Chris. It's hard to predict exactly what's going to happen, to be honest. However, one thing I can tell you is that September is the big buying, year end, for the government. It's a big buying period, so we've gone through a lot of renewals. So we'd like to think that we're not going to see continued deceleration there as a result of that. As I said, we're seeing really good performance across the rest of the business. We're seeing acceleration in some other areas. We're certainly hoping not to see further deceleration as a result of that, but the government's right now fairly unpredictable. But that's kind of how we look at it right now.
Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And in Consulting, is the optimization business government oriented?
Christopher J. Lafond: No, not. Actually, not at all, really. It's pretty much all commercial business.
Eugene A. Hall: Many governments don't -- it's a success-fee-based business, so we get paid a portion of how much we save. Many governments are forbidden to use that type of arrangement. And so it has very little government business.
Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Makes sense. And then just on the sort of competitive landscape. Obviously, there's secular trends in the technology research area, but talk about your feelings about your market share and any other sort of competitive landscape changes that you've seen.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, I mean, the -- there are -- we have many kinds of competition. I don't think there's been any change in that competition. We're highly differentiated from everybody else who's out in the marketplace. We have a very strong brand. And frankly, the -- because we're so differentiated, there's been no change in competition, that's not an issue for us at all. So no different than it's been last year or the year before, or the year before that.
Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And just one last question then I'll turn it over. Chris, you mentioned price increases. And you said, the last few quarters, you've been at 3% to 6%. I'm trying to be sure I understand the timing of your price increases. Are they in fact -- are they annual? Or do you do multiple price increases during the course of the year? Or is it just because that the contracts are essentially annual that you have such activity every quarter?
Christopher J. Lafond: If I said quarterly, I meant each of the last few years. But so yes, we do annual increases. We don't do them quarterly. Obviously, every client comes up for renewal during different periods of time, so we see the impact of that throughout the year. But we actually make the change once a year, in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Manav Patnaik of Barclays.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Can you just give us what the sales headcount number was this quarter? And also, sort of big picture, just trying to understand internally, you talk about a lot of productivity initiatives that you guys had ongoing. How should we think about the timing that you have targeted for in trying to see those results, and when we should expect that to help contract value growth reaccelerate?
Christopher J. Lafond: Manav, it's Chris. So the sales headcount ended -- our quota-bearing sales headcount ended at 1,605. That's up about 15% year-over-year, and that's kind of the expectation we have for the year in total, in growing it 15% year-over-year. With regard to sales productivity, one of the things that I think we've tried to talk about, and Gene can add some comments as well, is that we are constantly making change. So it's not like we have one thing that we think is going to happen in Q2. We're doing a lot of things all the time. So it's a constant set of systems that we expect all the time to be putting things into place to improving things we're operating on, to execute things that will have a continuous improvement in our sales productivity.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just maybe one last one, around net fund. In the context of the large market that you guys have sized before, what is -- like, how long should we expect the 15% to 20% net sales growth keep occurring? Like, is there a target sales force size that you guys have in mind?
Eugene A. Hall: So we do look at this. It's a great question. And the way we -- our estimate on it is, if we did not introduce any new products, which we will, but if we did not introduce new products, we could go 20% a year for the next 20 years with the market opportunity we've already identified. So and then aside from that, we'll introduce new products. Like, for example, but where we introduced a product to the marketing space, that doesn't include that product in the marketing space, as an example, that we introduced earlier this year. And...
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But that growth is depending on -- dependent on the feet on the street. Is that correct?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. The thing that constrains us from that growth is how many salespeople we have. The demand's out there. And again, that's if we had no new products. And if we could -- we don't lack for growth opportunity. It's a matter of how many salespeople you have.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Andre Benjamin of Goldman Sachs.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Couple of questions. The first is, any color that you could provide in terms of the spending levels for new clients that you're signing up versus existing clients? It would be very helpful. Is the rate of spending, on an apples-to-apples with the existing clients, going up or down? And I guess, with the upselling? Are you seeing more success selling them new products or signing up new roles at the same client?
Christopher J. Lafond: Andre, it's Chris. So a couple of things. Just overall, average Research spend right now is about $97,000, almost $100,000, per client. So the average Research client. And that's all clients: new, existing, across the whole portfolio. What the -- and that has been going up. That's up about 4% since the end of the year, and up almost 7%. And as you would expect with price increase and other upsell, that's the expectation. That's very consistent in terms of what we've done year-over-year. So the average is going up. The new client spend is below that. It's probably about half of that, roughly. And that has been going up as well. So you're seeing a very consistent movement both in new clients, existing clients, and it's moving up pretty consistently.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And would you say, with the existing clients, is the upsell typically adding roles? Or have you been finding, let's say, your CIOs are taking on more of the products that you offer them?
Christopher J. Lafond: A combination of both, right? We have -- sometimes, we'll see a CIO upgrade their own seats. Sometimes, we'll see them add seats. As you know, we have products that start with the CIO and work all the way through the entire IT organization. So as we continue to penetrate organizations, you can see that, those new products being sold across the entire organization, including to the CIO him- or herself.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: But you in rank 1 is having a bigger impact versus the other.
Christopher J. Lafond: No. They're pretty -- it's pretty balanced. And I think, when you look at our overall contract value growth and growth in existing clients, it's a combination of all of that. And I wouldn't say there's one that overrides the other. It's pretty well balanced.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then just lastly, on the goal of expanding margins over the multiyear period, any updated thoughts on that target? And I guess, of things that you can control, are there any investments outside of the sales force that we should be aware of that -- or levers that can allow you to either expand or contract with that, with meeting that goal?
Christopher J. Lafond: I think we have a pretty clear economic model that we have talked about over time. So if you look at our Research business, in -- on the Research side of the house, we expect a 70% incremental margin, and we're pretty well delivering on that. We're pretty close to that, as you saw in this quarter. And so there's no significantly different investment there that will drive that number differently. Could we certainly invest less in our Research business? Yes, and we could drive margin on that. We think that would be a bad long-term position, and not investing in enough research analysts and product enhancements for our clients. So I think you should expect that business to stay where it is. In our Events business, we know how to launch and run events. So we're pretty thoughtful about how we do that. And I don't think there's anything unique or different there going on in terms of significant new or different investments. And similarly, with Consulting, we've continued to invest in the managing partners. It's the reason you've seen the margin performance in that business, as we believe that's a good long-term strategy, continuing to add managing partners to allow the Consulting business to both sell and deliver, and reduce the reliance on our field sales force so they can focus more on our higher-margin Research business. So we'll continue to make that investment in the Consulting business. So I would say, on the gross margins side, those are the major things that you should think about. Below the line, we continue to believe that long-term sales force expansion at 15% to 20% is exactly the right level both because of our market opportunity and with our operational ability to hire that many people, which we can do effectively. And really from a margin and a leverage perspective, we expect that, as sales productivity improves, that's going to give us really nice operating leverage and continue to allow us to be in that 50 to 150 basis point margin expansion range that we've delivered pretty consistently for quite some time.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Jeff Silber of BMO Capital Markets.
Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just wanted to follow up on the questions on the Consulting side. You mentioned the investments in managing partners. Is that the reason that utilization has dropped? And are you still adding billable headcount as well?
Christopher J. Lafond: So a couple of things. Billable headcount is actually up year-over-year. It's up about 3%. A chunk of that is the managing partners. So that is a portion of that hiring. Certainly, adding managing partners has a bit of an impact on utilization, without a doubt, as they are not as billable as consultants on the frontline. But we had -- as we mentioned on the call, that business has also been impacted a little bit by the federal government sector. We have a nice practice in that area, and so we're getting impacted there. So there's a number of things there that are impacting that utilization a bit, but absolutely, managing partners does contribute to that.
Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Speaking of, does the Consulting segment have a little bit more of public sector exposure than your other segments?
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, yes. I wouldn't say hugely different globally. In the U.S., certainly a bit more; and globally, a bit more. So yes, it is a little bit more weighted there.
Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, great. And then you talked about the -- your opportunities in your Research business in terms of continuing to add sales force. I'm just wondering, is it getting more difficult to find salespeople? I know the economy is not that robust, but the hiring market seems to be improving.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, it's Gene. So we don't have any trouble hiring salespeople. First, the -- Gartner is viewed among people that want to sell technology as being a great place to be. We're a great brand. They know that we have very strong offerings. And so the -- and if you -- there are various things, like Glassdoor, where we're rated -- like Glassdoor or LinkedIn, where we're rated one of the top employers. And so we don't have trouble attracting people at all. It's the first thing. Second thing is, if you look at the world of technology salespeople, the demand we have is really miniscule compared to all of the technology salespeople in any of the markets that we're in. So there's a very gigantic pool, of which we are a teeny portion. And on top of it, we're a very attractive place to be for sales. So we don't have any trouble at all both attracting great salespeople.
Operator: And next question is from the line of Gary Bisbee of Gartner (sic) [Barclays Capital].
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess, to go back to the challenged area, I'm sorry to continue to beat on that, but why do you think these things popped out now? Is the U.S. Federal Government because you're into the new fiscal year and maybe you thought the purse strings would loosen up a little bit but now you know it hasn't? And in France, it feels like the data is getting a little better. So why aren't these issues that popped up earlier?
Eugene A. Hall: So it's Gene. So there are 2 separate issues. So in the federal government, they -- again, as I mentioned before, they have -- recently, this was not over the last 3 years, whatever, they have recently changed their procurement practices. And that's fundamentally what -- that, in combination with the sequestration, are what's fundamentally driving the issues with federal government. And so it's -- they've changed how they buy, so the number of framework agreements -- they have these things that you bond called framework agreements, the number you have to deal with, things like that. So it's just, operationally, the way you sell and the way they buy has changed and it takes a little while for people to adapt to that. Now this is -- frankly, it's -- they're doing the same thing on their side. The -- and just one other point too on the federal government is their yearend is in September, and so the -- there's a disproportionate number of contracts that come up for renewals and/or new sales that happened in September, as opposed to the rest of the year. So that would have an -- affected our Q3 as opposed to Qs 1, 2 and 4. So in the federal government, that's the kind of situation there. And as I mentioned earlier, we think we understand what's going on there. The people that actually use our services are dying to buy, there's tremendous demand. It's just making sure that we and they adapt to these changed procurement processes. Again, I'm very optimistic that we'll have great results with the federal government over the next few years. Then France is totally a different issue, which is just the -- as I mentioned, we're very good operationally, but we're not perfect. And so we had some operational issues in France where we didn't kind of follow what we know are the right kinds of processes. We've identified those problems. It won't take a week to fix, but I'm -- France has been a great growth for us. Again, even with these issues, France went from great double-digit growth to single-digit growth. So it's not like it went negative or something, it's -- but again, if you're growing great and you're slow, it has an impact on our -- it has an impact on our overall growth rate. We know what issues are in France. We're going to get France back up to double-digit growth, I don't have any concerns about that at all. So there's 2 separate issues between the federal government and from France.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then the Events business has really had a terrific year. I know you're not talking about 2014 yet, but how -- can you just talk to us about how you will, from a strategy perspective, continue to expand this business? Is there anything you can say about how you'll gain new attendees to get us comfortable that these big events can actually grow on top of another great year here, and that there is more room in the calendar to add more events?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, it's Gene. So our strategy in our Events business is to grow in 2 ways. One is by launching new events, and we launch new events every year. We launched some this year, we'll launch some next year. So for example, this year, we launched a symposium in Dubai. And that symposium in Dubai is in its first year. Then what happens is, after we launch these events, we'll have a Dubai symposium again next year. We expect that we'll have really robust growth in -- to use that as an example, in that Dubai event next year. We're very -- we're expecting high-double-digit -- very robust double-digit growth year-over-year in that event in both attendees and exhibitors. And so our -- that's -- really, the essence of our strategy is launch new events, and there are plenty of opportunities to launch events around the world. We're in 85 countries. We don't have events anywhere near that number, so we've got loads of places where we can launch new events, including places like the U.S. and Europe. And then secondly -- that, you might think, were more mature. And then secondly, we have plenty of growth at those events. And even if the events were kind of very tight space-wise, we have ideas of how to address those issues. So as an example, in our -- in Orlando where we hold our U.S. symposium ITxpo, the -- we've added -- we've built temporary space there and we're also working with the owners of the properties to figure out ways to expand the available space we have there. So we're not concerned at all about being able to grow, either by launching new events. There's, like, probably more than 100 events that we could launch that we know about today, and we have -- this year, we'll have 60...
Christopher J. Lafond: 63 to 65.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, 63 to 65 events. So there's, like, loads of growth there. And then within each of those, there's plenty of room for growth as well.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, how far would you consider broadening what you do or broadening the scope of areas you research, to entertain attractive M&A opportunities? Or you've obviously been very selective, and I think that's terrific, but are there any new areas you'd look at? Or would you consider broadening the platform at all?
Eugene A. Hall: So we're very interested in acquisitions. We have a person who focuses full time on looking at potential deals. We're tracking -- there's -- at any given point in time, there's something, like, 100 companies that we track that we are interested in buying. And so -- but of course, the buy has to be right pricing and the right other kinds of terms. And those things happen from time to time. And when they do, we move quickly.
Operator: That concludes the Q&A session. I would now like to hand back to Brian for any closing comments. Thank you.
Brian Shipman: Thank you, everyone, for participating this morning. And we will speak to you on our Q4 Conference Call in February.
Operator: Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. That now concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Shipman - Group Vice President of Investor Relations Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer and Director Christopher J. Lafond - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Gartner's earnings conference call for the second quarter 2013. A replay of this call will be available through September 2, 2013. The replay can be accessed by dialing (888) 286-8010 for domestic calls and (617) 801-6888 for international calls and by entering the pass code, 46902564. This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be archived on Gartner's website at www.gartner.com for approximately 90 days. I will now turn the conference over to Brian Shipman, Gartner's Group Vice President of Investor Relations for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Shipman: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, Chris Lafond. This call will include a discussion of Q2 2013 financial results as disclosed in today's press release. After our prepared remarks, you will have the opportunity to ask questions. I'd like to remind everyone that the press release is available on our website at gartner.com. Before we begin, we need to remind you that certain forward statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2012 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. The company undertakes no obligation to update any of its forward-looking statements. With that, I would like to hand the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. Gene?
Eugene A. Hall: Good morning, and welcome to our earnings call for the second quarter of 2013. We had another quarter of double-digit growth as a result of the continued effective execution of our proven strategy. Research, our largest and most profitable segment, continues to deliver double-digit growth, with robust demand for our services across all regions, industries and client sizes. Our performance in the Americas, our largest geography, accelerated, with great results across the business. Europe was also strong, with double-digit growth despite a challenging economic environment. We also saw double-digit growth across nearly every industry, including the public sector. And finally, we saw double-digit growth across all client sizes, demonstrating the great demand for our offerings. Our Events segment continues to exceed expectations in both attendees and exhibitors at our events around the world. And our Consulting segment had double-digit growth during the quarter, with strength across all regions we serve and in both Contract Optimization and core Consulting. We know how to be successful in any economic environment, and you're seeing that today in our results. You've heard me say this before, these are remarkable times for technology. Technology is transforming the world. It affects how we work and what we do, and it impacts every industry. And Gartner is at the heart of it. Every institution in the world is a potential client, giving us a vast, untapped market opportunity for our services. Gartner is the best source of help for enterprise leaders launching critical initiatives within the technology revolution, and we are relevant whether an institution is growing or facing economic challenges. I remain confident and excited about Gartner. The Gartner brand is in a class by itself. Our products, services and people are superior to the competition, with a great business model, and relevant to virtually every company and every government agency in the world. In summary, I'd like to leave you with 3 takeaways for today's call. First, we continue to see robust demand for our services. Our vast market opportunity and our consistent winning strategy allowed us to once again deliver double-digit contract value growth. Second, clients value our services whether they're growing or facing difficult budget cuts. And third, we continue to be well positioned to achieve sustained double-digit growth in our key metrics, as we've done over the past several years. And with that, I'd like to hand the call over to Chris.
Christopher J. Lafond: Thanks, Gene, and good morning, everyone. As Gene mentioned, we delivered a strong first half of 2013, reporting 13% growth in contract value and double-digit growth in each business segment for the second quarter. Our results demonstrate the continued successful execution of our strategy and our ability to consistently deliver on the financial objectives we have communicated over the past several years. We continued to see strong trends in our key business metrics during the second quarter. Year-over-year contract value growth remains strong, and retention rates ended near all-time highs. Our Events business increased by 15% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis, and our Consulting business rebounded nicely, with 13% growth year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis. Demand for our services remained strong across all 3 business segments. Even as companies face the uncertainties of the current macroeconomic environment, they turn to Gartner because we are a key partner for IT and supply chain professionals in running efficient and innovative programs to drive growth in their organizations. We are engaged on the most important projects for the institutions we work with. This is why, with the successful execution of our strategy, we continue to deliver consistent revenue growth and strong financial performance and why we are so confident that 2013 will be another year of double-digit growth. Let me now review each of our 3 business segments for the second quarter. I'll finish today with a discussion of our revised guidance, and then we'll take your questions. Starting with Research. Second quarter Research revenue was up 12% to $311 million. Currency fluctuations had no material impact on Research revenues as compared to the prior year in the second quarter. Contribution margin in this segment increased 49 basis points to 69% in the second quarter, as our strong execution continues to capitalize on the operating leverage in this business. All of our key Research business metrics remained strong in the second quarter. Contract value grew to a record level of $1.293 billion, a growth rate of 13% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis. As has been the case for the past several years, our growth in contract value in Q2 was extremely broad-based, with every region and client size growing at double digits. As Gene mentioned, our largest region, the Americas, continues to perform very well and delivered a modest acceleration of contract value growth in Q2. And the rest of the world remained strong with double-digit contract value growth. New business again increased year-over-year, continuing the trend we've seen since late 2009. The new business mix was balanced between sales to new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. And while our contract value growth continues to benefit from our discipline of annual price increasing and no discounting, approximately 80% of our contract value growth came from volume, with the balance coming from price increases. We've consistently increased our prices by 3% to 6% per year on an annual basis since 2005. We implemented a price increase during the fourth quarter of 2012, and we expect to do it again later this year. Our volume growth reflects our success in continuing to grow the business by penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing clients. As a result, we ended the quarter with 13,315 client organizations, up 7% over last year's second quarter. Our client retention rate ended the quarter at 82%, and we've maintained client retention rates between 82% and 83% for 12 straight quarters. In addition to retaining our Research clients at an impressive rate, the clients we retained continue to increase their spend with Gartner, and wallet retention ended at 97% in the second quarter. Wallet retention is higher than client retention due to a combination of increased spending by retained clients and the fact that we retained a higher percentage of our larger clients. As we have discussed in the past, our retention metrics are reported on a 4-quarter rolling basis in order to eliminate any seasonality. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter in our Research segment. We grew our contract value by $145 million on an FX-neutral basis year-over-year. We continue to see high levels of demand from clients, and we expect acceleration in contract value and revenue growth. We remain confident in our ability to deliver double-digit annual revenue growth in this business over the long term. Turning now to Events. Our Events segment continued the trend of extremely strong year-over-year revenue growth we've delivered for the past 3 years. In the second quarter, Events revenue increased 15% year-over-year on a reported basis. Currency fluctuations had no material impact on Events revenue. During the second quarter, we held 25 events with 12,098 attendees compared to 21 events with 12,540 attendees in the second quarter of 2012. On the same-events basis, attendee revenue was up 12% and exhibitor revenue was up 15% year-over-year. As we expected and discussed on our last earnings call, the gross contribution margin of 47% for Q2 rebounded from the seasonably-light first quarter of the year. Looking ahead, we see strong demand for both attendee and exhibitor participation at our upcoming events. And for the full year, we expect this business to continue the trend of strong growth in revenue, contribution margin and margin expansion we have seen over the past few years. Moving now onto Consulting. We told you last quarter that Consulting would improve as the year progressed, and our second quarter results reflect that. Revenues in Consulting grew 12% on a reported basis in the second quarter. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, revenues grew 13%. Billable headcount of 518 was up 8% from the second quarter of 2012. Second quarter utilization was 68%, up slightly from the prior year. Revenue per billable headcount ended the quarter at $428,000 per billable headcount. Most important for the remainder of the year, we are seeing good and steady demand for our Consulting services. Backlog, the leading indicator of future revenue growth for our Consulting business, ended the quarter at $94 million. This represents 1% growth year-over-year and a healthy 4 months of backlog. Additionally, our pipeline is solid as we enter the second half of the year. With the current backlog and visibility we have in the pipeline, the Consulting business is positioned to deliver results in line with our long-term objectives. Moving down the income statement. SG&A increased by $20 million year-over-year during the second quarter, primarily driven by the growth in our sales force. As of June 30, we have 1,549 quota-bearing sales associates, an increase of 191 sales associates from a year ago. We continue to tightly control G&A costs across the entire company. We believe this expense item will provide us with a source of operating leverage in the future as G&A will continue to decline as a percent of revenue. Moving on to earnings. We delivered another solid quarter of earnings growth, with normalized EBITDA of $90 million in the second quarter, up 14% year-over-year, and GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.49, up 14% year-over-year. As expected, our Q2 2013 GAAP diluted earnings per share includes $0.01 of amortization and other costs associated with our acquisitions, including Ideas International. Our earnings results were also impacted by a higher-than-projected tax rate. The effective tax rate of 35% in Q2 was driven by a modest shift in mix of our earnings to higher-tax jurisdictions. Turning to cash. Operating cash flow increased by 41% to $140 million in the second quarter of the year. In Q2, we experienced early collections than the same quarter a year ago. We continue to expect the same level of free cash flow for the full year, that we have indicated in our previously issued guidance. Over the long term, we continue to expect to generate free cash flow substantially greater than our net income, given our tight cash management and the negative working capital characteristics of our Research business. During the second quarter, we utilized our cash to return capital to shareholders for our share repurchase program. We repurchased over 850,000 shares at a total cost of approximately $49 million. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet and cash position, with net cash of $128 million. Our credit facility runs through March of 2018 and at this time, provides us with about $550 million of remaining borrowing capacity. We have ample cash flow and liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive increased shareholder value. And we continue to look for attractive acquisition opportunities as a potential use of cash. We believe that repurchasing our shares remains a compelling use of our capital, and we have $143 million remaining under our board authorization. Now let me turn to our business outlook for the remainder of 2013. With a strong start to the year, we're well positioned for double-digit full year revenue, earnings and cash flow growth that we expected as we began the year. However, currency fluctuations have moved enough in the first half of the year to require a slight change to our guidance at this point in the year. The details of our guidance are included in the earnings release issued this morning. Let me take a minute to highlight some of the changes. As with our guidance at the beginning of the year, we've made no attempt to anticipate future changes in foreign exchange rates. This revised guidance is based on where rates are today. And as a result, we're reducing both the low end and high end of our previously issued total revenue guidance by $15 million, with the changes due to a strengthening of the U.S. dollar since issuing our guidance back in February. We now expect total revenues of between $1.76 billion and $1.805 billion, a change of less than 1%. This change to revenue guidance in both Research and Consulting segments are solely related to FX. In the Events segment, stronger expected performance was offset slightly by FX, resulting in the increase in guidance for that segment. From a seasonality perspective, I would remind you that the fourth quarter is the largest quarter of the year for the Events business and will make up more than 50% of the full year revenues in that segment. With respect to earnings guidance, we modestly reduced the bottom and top end of our previous EBITDA guidance range by $5 million to account for currency fluctuations, again representing a change of 1%. We also lowered our EPS guidance, driven again by these FX changes, as well as a higher tax rate assumption. We're revising our tax guidance upwards to approximately 32.5% from approximately 31% due to a shift in the projected mix of earnings to higher-tax jurisdictions for 2013, consistent with our comments about the Research growth rates geographically. There were no other changes to our previously issued guidance. And so to summarize, we delivered strong results in the second quarter across all 3 business units. Demand for our services is strong, and as a result, we generated double-digit revenue growth and our key business metrics remained solid in the second quarter. Our initiatives to improve operational effectiveness, coupled with the positive operating leverage inherent in our businesses, delivered double-digit earnings growth, and we generated substantial cash flow. As always, we're actively exploring strategic alternatives for deploying our cash. We'll continue to invest in our business and return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program, and we expect to repurchase shares throughout the remainder of 2013. Finally, with double-digit growth in contract value in the second quarter, we've built a solid foundation for delivering strong revenue and earnings growth in 2013. We're well positioned for double-digit revenue and earnings growth and increasing returns to our shareholders over the long term. Now I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: So Gene, you cited better results in the U.S., and you sounded fairly upbeat in terms of strength in Research across the board. But the CV growth and the revenue growth did decelerate, at least a little bit on a quarter-to-quarter basis. So what was driving that?
Eugene A. Hall: Peter, it's Gene. So as I said on the call earlier today, we're performing pretty well globally, with every region, every client size and almost every industry vertical growing at double-digit rates, including, by the way, the public sector. And our Americas grew a little faster than average, and the rest of the world grew modestly lower than average. And what's going on under the covers is, there's a few pockets within Europe that posed some challenges for us. And so Europe growth was a little slower than overall average, and it's in pockets of Europe. So again, much of Europe is very strong, but there are a few pockets that were a little -- not quite as strong. Again, just to reinforce, despite that, we still had double-digit growth in Europe, so we'd characterize it to be pretty strong still.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then, Chris, in his comments, I think that the quote was something like expect acceleration in CV and revenue growth. Can -- Chris, can you be more specific on that?
Christopher J. Lafond: Peter, thanks. As we continue to see where we are, and with Gene's comments he just made, if you look at our performance -- and as you know, what we've been doing over time is continuing to implement initiatives across the company to improve our performance. And I think what you're seeing in the U.S., with the slight acceleration, is that those things are taking hold so we feel really good about what we're seeing in the U.S. As Gene mentioned, we're still seeing really good performance even in challenging places like Europe and public sector. So we think those things are having impact, and as things return to more normal levels, we'll see things accelerate. So whether that's later this year or into next year is the question, but we feel very good about what we're seeing as we look at the details of our performance.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then just last thing for me the -- Gene, you've talked for a couple of quarters about focus on sales force productivity. Can you give us an update in terms of how the initiatives are progressing? It looks like the productivity is still down a bit on a year-to-year basis.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, Peter. So we have a number of initiatives to continue to grow our sales productivity. In fact, let's -- I should start with our sales productivity, actually, we're very happy with it. We think it's quite good. And we have -- but we do have a number of initiatives that we think, over time, will take that level to an even higher amount. And as Chris mentioned, we've implemented -- the way we generally roll these things out is we start in the Americas, and then we roll them out through the rest of the world over time. And we've implemented some of the latest ones in the Americas. And as we mentioned there, we saw an uptick in performance there, which increases the productivity there. As I mentioned, there are some other parts of the world, particularly in Europe, where we had some pockets that weren't quite as strong, and that's what's impacting the overall sales productivity.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. Actually, I'm sorry, just one more thing. On the tax rate, Chris, the -- any further color? It's all just basically mix? And is there anything about the expiration of the R&D tax credit next year that we should be thinking about?
Christopher J. Lafond: No. I think, this quarter, it's all due to mix. As I talked about, we had originally projected 31% for the year. We're now expecting about 32.5%. And so what you saw on the quarter was a bit of a catch-up for the year, which is why it was a bit higher for the quarter. We don't expect it to be at that level for the remainder of the year. We expect the whole year to end at about 32.5% and again, consistent with the comments we just made on where our performance is. It's driven -- seeing some more income in the U.S., which is higher-tax jurisdiction, so it's really all driven by that.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And what's your view on the R&D tax credit?
Christopher J. Lafond: If you look forward -- at this point, Peter, we're not expecting any dramatic change to our longer-term tax rates. We've said that, that rate should be in the 31%, 32% range. We still are looking at that. Obviously, there's a lot of things changing in the world of tax right now, and so as we continue to monitor that, we'll be able to give you more color. But as of this point, we don't see anything that should change that over the longer term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler with Baird.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I want to ask a follow up to the answer you gave to one of Peter's questions. But in terms of the reacceleration, I think you said whether it be later this year or next year -- I mean, it seems like you're not baking a reacceleration into your guidance. But are you seeing any signs, whether it be in your business or whether it just be some of the European macro data points stabilizing, that suggests this reacceleration? Or is it just your confidence in your strategy and the things that you've been doing that lead you to believe that it will happen?
Eugene A. Hall: Jeff, it's Gene. So the -- as we've talked about it, we don't try to forecast any improvement or deterioration in the economic environment. So when we talk about our thoughts on what's going on, it's assuming the economic environment doesn't get better and doesn't get worse. And so -- and then on top of that, frankly, we think we can do pretty well whether the economic environment is challenging or whether it's robust. And so the improvements we're talking about are more operational changes. And in fact, frankly, as I talked about some pockets of weakness, it's operational, it's not due to the economics. If you tried to correlate it with the GDP growth or unemployment or something like that, it's more correlated to where we have operational work to do as opposed to that it's the macro environment.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. But are you seeing signs of improvement already that give you the confidence? Or is it just that you have confidence in the model and know that where there are pockets of weakness, you can or are making operational changes and eventually, that will yield reacceleration?
Christopher J. Lafond: Jeff, it's Chris. So a couple of things that I would say. As we talked about, in the Americas, we did see an acceleration. So we certainly have factual data points in the Americas that things did accelerate a bit, so we did see that. And so from our perspective, we're seeing them. We look across our business in great detail and we can see places where things are improving. And -- but at the end of the day, as Gene said, we do believe that our own execution will continue to allow us to improve and accelerate over time.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then just maybe a comment on wallet retention. You guys kind of framed retention as being kind of in this record range that it's been in, in the last 2.5, 3 years. But wallet retention did tick down year-over-year by 2 full points, which seems somewhat meaningful. So can you just kind of break out what's going on there between up-sell and kind of retention of different size clients and then, I guess, why you have the confidence that this is just kind of normal variability in that range instead of a trend that's worth closer monitoring?
Christopher J. Lafond: So a couple of things on retention that I would mention. First, we've been very consistently retaining our clients. So our client retention has been 82%, 83% now for 12 quarters, and so that is a very consistent trend, where we retain all of our clients and retain them at the same rate that we have been for quite some time. When you look at the wallet retention rate, it's very consistent with the comments I think we made during our talk here, in that we're seeing some continued good retention rates in Americas. Some of the slowdown and a little bit of the deceleration you've seen in Europe that's driving the CV growth is driven by a little bit of the retention. So where you're seeing it is in those pockets that Gene talked about, as opposed to broad-based. When we look at our retention rates globally and look at it in great detail, we feel very confident. We're seeing really good retention rates across the vast majority of the business, and it's just a few pockets of places that are causing that, consistent with the CV going from 14% to 13%.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then just one last one for me. Can you guys just hit on which currencies we should be thinking about having the greatest impact on the guidance adjustment? Is it the yen, the Canadian dollar, et cetera?
Christopher J. Lafond: Well, our biggest currencies other than the U.S. dollar are the euro and the pound. Those are, by far, the 2 biggest. And so as those move, that's where you're going to see the biggest impact. Certainly, if you work your way down, you have the Australian dollar, the Canadian dollar and the Japanese yen. Those are really the top 5 currencies that have an impact, but the 2 are the ones that really move the needle the most.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: But I'm asking from the standpoint of weren't the euro and pound rates against the dollar more stable year-to-date than some of these other currencies? So I'm just wondering what drove the adjustment in terms of the moves given that it seems like the euro and pound exchange rates are more stable.
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, and that's why we only moved them by 1%, right? So there was enough of a move that we felt it was material enough to update our guidance for the foreign exchange move, but it hasn't been significant, which is why we only moved it 1%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim McHugh with William Blair.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I was wondering if you can just elaborate, in the U.S., what you feel like you're having the most success with in terms of just kind of the operating strategies to drive the slight acceleration. I know you're always doing a couple of things, but if there's any specific strategies that are helping to drive productivity up a little.
Eugene A. Hall: Tim, it's Gene. So it's a continuation of the things we've been doing over time. So it starts with things like productivity initiatives in the sales force, which are things like improving our training. It's also things like the tools that we give our salespeople. We also have introduced -- every quarter, we introduce a set of product enhancements, and so there's been a continuous sort of product enhancements. And as I mentioned, we tend to roll those things out in the U.S. first -- in the Americas first and then, through the rest of the world, the different regions. And so that's kind of where you see the first impact of these things. That gives you a flavor for it. It's things like sales tools and training and product enhancements.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And I guess, what's your thought process on sales force expansion as we go through the year? You added a decent amount and the year-over-year growth rate picked up a little. Would you expect that to continue to pick up? Or do the pockets of weakness in Europe, I guess, give you pause from accelerating that too much?
Eugene A. Hall: So as you know, our long-term objective is to grow sales rate at 15% to 20% a year. And earlier this year we said, this year, we're planning to grow at approximately 15%, and we're still planning to grow at approximately 15%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wonder if we could go back to Consulting. I mean, you guys put up a -- what looks like a pretty decent quarter in that business. Can you talk about the momentum there? And I know you gave a backlog number, but just maybe more of the feel of what we can expect from that business going forward.
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. So in the Consulting business, we had some deals slide between -- from Q1 to Q2, and so it gave us a stronger Q2 than kind of -- so if you look at the 2 -- you have to look at the 2 quarters kind of together, and I think that's indicative of what you'd expect to see on a go-forward basis. So we're seeing good strength in Consulting across all of the geographies that we serve and in the 2 majors segments, core and CFC. So we're seeing good strength there. But again, I do think we had some deals that slid between quarters. So if you look at the first half, I think that's a good way to think about the Consulting business.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I guess kind of given the lumpiness that's taken place in that business over like, let's say, the last 12 to 18 months, do you feel like you've hit a more normalized run rate?
Christopher J. Lafond: Joe, it's Chris. I think there's a couple of things. As we talk about all the time, the CFC business can be quite lumpy depending on when our clients choose to do some of these larger engagements. And so what we've said over time is that, that business tends to be a little less predictable quarter-over-quarter, and so you can see some shifts in the quarterly results as a result of that -- Contract Optimization. Sorry, I used an internal acronym. It's Contract Optimization. It's the business that tends to be a bit lumpy. I think what you saw in the quarter, as Gene mentioned, is a really nice balanced performance. You saw the CF -- Contract Optimization business improve. You saw, as Gene said, our core and benchmark business was also delivering some nice results. And so as Gene said, I think when you look at the half, you can see kind of we're right where we wanted to be as we started the year in terms of our overall expectations for the business. I can't sit here today and say that every quarter is going to be perfectly smooth because the business is, as you know, tends to be a little less even as our Research business, which is a subscription model, we recognize revenue evenly over the course of those contracts. That's not the same model as Consulting. So we feel very good about the results, very good about where we are today. As you know, we've done a lot of things in that business to get to the kind of results we're at, and we expect to continue to deliver against our longer-term expectations over time.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. In Europe, could you talk about any changes to your approach there? In other words, around the sales front or -- and/or pricing or deal size, any changes in your approach given sort of the weakness that we've had in that particular region?
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. So the same approach is pretty much we use in Europe as we use elsewhere, with one exception, which is there's -- because of the economic environment, it's very challenging in Europe in many -- for many companies and many government institutions, there's offerings in our product line that are more focused on helping people save costs. And so we emphasize the cost reduction part of our offering more there than we would in companies and institutions that have a lot of growth. It's not that we don't do it elsewhere, but it's just more of an emphasis.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Got it, okay. And then the last one for me, you talked about maybe an acceleration kind of in the business, as we head towards the back half of the year. Is that because we're returning to a normal state? Or do you feel like demand's improved in particular regions and that carries it? I just want to get a feel for sort of that -- where that acceleration is coming from.
Christopher J. Lafond: Just let me make sure we're clear on the comment I made. So what I said when we were talking about the Research business is that, over time, we certainly expect acceleration. And what we also said was we weren't necessarily saying it's going to come in the third quarter, fourth quarter et cetera. What we really are saying there is that given the performance we're seeing, seeing the acceleration in the U.S., feeling good about the programs and things we've put in place, feeling good as we look in detail across the business at much deeper levels, various regions and certain managers around the world, we're seeing great performance and great results. And we certainly expect that, that will continue to make its way through the rest of the world, as things start to stabilize in Europe and some of the other pockets of weakness that we see. So we certainly expect it for all those reasons, and I wouldn't sit here and tell you today that we've forecasted you're going to see that acceleration in either Q3 or Q4.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Bird with Lazard Capital.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I'm just wondering if you could give us your current philosophy on buybacks and potentially, getting leverage for buybacks? And separately, for Events, could you talk about just what you're seeing in advanced bookings for exhibitors and attendees?
Christopher J. Lafond: Great. Thanks, Bill. In terms of buybacks, as those of you who followed us for a long time know, we've been pretty aggressive in terms of using our cash whether that's acquisition, where we find them and they make sense, which we will continue to do, and absent those, continue to be aggressive in share repurchase. And we spent about $100 million to date, and you should expect us to continue to be there. So our strategy remains the same. We think it's a great use of cash. We're going to continue to be aggressive in the marketplace, and we'll continue to be buying shares back for the remainder of this year and into the future. We still have $143 million on our share authorization program and so have plenty of capacity. And we also, right now, are not very heavily levered on a debt-to-EBITDA basis. We certainly have no issues with taking our leverage higher for the right transactions, whether that is more aggressive share repurchase or the right acquisition. We certainly have been much higher over time and have no concerns or issues with taking our leverage higher at all. So that's kind of the comments on your first question. On the second question around Events, our advanced bookings and indications for our events in the back half of the year, particularly symposium, look really strong, as strong or stronger than we saw in previous years at this same period of time prior to the events. So we feel really good about what we're seeing right now in the pipeline and what's already been booked for those events.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And Chris, on leverage, is there a certain, I guess, limit that you have in mind that the company just philosophically wouldn't cross?
Christopher J. Lafond: We have no problem being in the 3x to 4x debt-to-EBITDA range for the right transactions because we could take it down very quickly with our cash-generating ability. Could you go higher than that if the transaction was right? Sure. We'd absolutely look at that. So we are very comfortable with our financial model, very comfortable with the cash we generate. And so taking that level up for a short period of time and bringing it back down pretty quickly for the right transaction is no source of a concern for us at all.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And just one final question. On Research, the lower guidance, is it due only to FX?
Christopher J. Lafond: In the 3 segments, Research and Consulting are solely due to foreign exchange, no other reason for the change. And on the Events business, we actually increased it because our performance has been so strong, and it was offset slightly by lower FX. So really Events was the only one that was changed for performance reasons, and that was changed to the upside.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Herman with Stifel.
Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I do have a follow-up to the currency question. You've been helpful with regard to how it impacted the top line. Could you give some color in terms of how it's impacting the bottom line for the year outlook?
Christopher J. Lafond: Sure. What we've said over time and continues to be the case is we're fairly naturally hedged. So we have -- with revenues in -- around the world, particularly in those major currencies I mentioned earlier, we also have costs, analysts, salespeople in those regions. As we get bigger and bigger, the natural hedge is not 100%, and so as you see a little bit of movement on the top line, it does start to filter as we have larger EBITDA now over time. And so that's why you're seeing the slight change to the EBITDA side. So while we saw the 1% reduction on the top line, it's about 1% on the EBITDA line or about $5 million. And that's why it's relatively minimal to the earnings line.
Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And maybe some additional color on sales force. And realizing that you have targets there, but can you talk, sort of below the raw numbers, what you're seeing with regard to recruiting, attrition and sort of the tenure? Is there a drift in tenure in either direction?
Eugene A. Hall: Its Gene. So in terms of our sales force, I'd say there's no important changes in any of the 3 things you mentioned. So in terms of recruiting, we're seeing lots of interest to work for Gartner. The technology sector is a very exciting sector to be in and we have a great a brand name, so attracting salespeople to Gartner has always been a very -- we're an attractive place to work for salespeople, and that continues to be that way. Our attrition is right in the range where it has been historically and where we expect it to be, so no change there either.
Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And a question about Events. Maybe you can help us with the dynamics in the quarter and the outlook. The raw number of attendees was actually down, and the revenue was up a lot. Help us with regard to either pricing or mix in that business, both for the quarter and on a go-forward basis.
Christopher J. Lafond: Great. So just a couple of things on price. Actually, our average price is actually up nicely year-over-year. We do increase prices in Events, as we do with Research and every part of our portfolio in fact. And so the average price -- and again, when you look at average prices, it's also depending on the event, so as the mix moves, certain events have higher price points than other price points. But overall, if you try to normalize that, the average price per attendees is actually up, which is great. There are -- when you look at the attendee mix, there are some mix of attendees that pay different price points, and the mix has been -- has shifted to where we want it to be in terms of the attendees. And so we're very comfortable with what we're seeing on the attendee side at all of the events that we've had in the first half and continue to see really nice demand at this point for the events we're holding in the second half. So that's kind of where we are on the Events business.
Jerry R. Herman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Great. And final question for me, just with regard to cash redeployment. You referenced potential for deals, can you talk about pipeline or activity targets there relative to the past?
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. So obviously, we're not going to comment on any specific companies. We do track a number of companies. Today, we're probably tracking in the order of 100 companies. That's been true every quarter for the last 5 or 6 years, and so we have a number of companies we think are interesting that we track. And where it's appropriate, we maintain relationships with those companies. And if the right strategic situation comes up, the right price, as has happened several times in the past, we'll do an acquisition.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.
Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Over the past quarter or so, we've been hearing a lot of cautious comments from a lot of technology companies, and even your own company lowered your forecast for IT spending in the back half of the year. I'm just curious how you can reconcile that with the bullish comments that you're saying in your business.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. So our business is not -- it's Gene. Our business is not driven by technology spending. It's driven by companies having initiatives in their business, and so the -- it's not really driven by technology spending at all. And so we're not sort of correlated with that. And another way to think about it is there's like $3 trillion of technology spending, and if that goes up or down a little bit, it just doesn't affect -- people are still buying trillions of dollars worth of equipment and services. And so whether that's $2.9 trillion or $3.1 trillion, they're still buying a lot of stuff, which is why whether it goes up 5% or 10% doesn't matter to us. It does to some of the technology providers, it's much more important.
Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, that's helpful. On a couple of the retention metrics in the Research segment, can you remind us -- is there any seasonality in those metrics?
Christopher J. Lafond: We always report our metrics on a 4-quarter rolling basis to avoid that. So there are -- there tend to be a little bit of a seasonality at certain points in time, and so the reason that we don't report an individual quarter's retention is to normalize for that seasonality.
Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, that's helpful. I appreciate that. And then also, Gene in your comment, you talked, to some extent, about Europe. Mostly it was good, but there were some countries that are a little bit weaker. I'm just curious if you could tell us, generally, which countries those were and what's going on there and how the focus to improve that is going.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, so we're not going to break that out, but it wasn't even necessarily the country level, meaning we saw pockets that didn't -- you shouldn't interpret that as even a whole country necessarily. So again, we had -- if you look at our individual sales teams, we had teams -- in general, the teams did very well. And we had a few pockets where, again, we have operational improvements to make.
Jeffrey M. Silber - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So it's, again, more internal issues as opposed to external?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. Again, I would say that it is definitely internal. Because again, if you looked at our performance versus GDP growth in those countries, we didn't have the best performance in the countries with the best GDP growth or the worst in the countries with the worst GDP growth. Again, it depends on the operational performance of the individual teams.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division: First question on the Events side, I mean, clearly, you guys continue to do well there year-over-year, and you continue to increase the number of events. Long-term -- I guess, 2 parts. First, in the medium term, are there any particular themes or certain specific niche events that are driving sort of the growth there? And then longer term, I guess, is it just a game time decision year-over-year or is there a focus or a long-term plan to increase those 4, 5 events every year?
Eugene A. Hall: So it's Gene. So there's no kind of niche events that are driving our Events business. It's very broad. If you look at it, we're getting great growth across all our geographies and across the vast majority of our events. Again, I would characterize it as being very strong and very broad-based in terms of the performance. It's not driven by any kind of niche thing or anything like that. And then, long term, again, we intend to keep the same strategy at Events, which is we think there's plenty of opportunity to grow our existing portfolio of events, and we'll continue to do that. And then we intend to keep launching new events over time as well. Again, very consistent with what we've done in the past.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just to follow-up on the M&A pipeline. You talked about 100 interesting companies. Maybe you could just help us understand -- like, clearly, there's a lot and you said they were all interesting. So what's the sort of hold-back? Is it you guys being very price conscious? Is it them asking for way too much? Or what's the dynamics there in terms of why one of these 100, over the last couple of years, haven't sort of been more than just an interest?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, it's -- I'd say it's 2 things. Pricing is certainly a factor because we want to make sure we pay the right price for any kind of acquisition we make. The second thing is -- has to do with the owners and the management team. If it's a private company, if the owners don't want to sell, then obviously we can't buy it. And similarly, if it's -- even if it's a public company, we have to make sure that the management team is going to be helpful in an acquisition. And that's part of why we often maintain relationships in advance, so that people kind of understand how great being a part of Gartner could be.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And just one last one. Share count assumed in the guidance, just some housekeeping here.
Christopher J. Lafond: From a share count -- no change to the original guidance, roughly $95-ish million for the year -- sorry, 95 million shares for the year, sorry about that, not dollars.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Brian Shipman for any closing remarks.
Brian Shipman: Thank you, Erica, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. Everyone, may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Shipman - Group Vice President of Investor Relations Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer and Director Christopher J. Lafond - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Eric J. Boyer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Gartner's Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter 2013. A replay of this call will be available through June 3, 2013. The replay can be accessed by dialing (888) 286-8010 for domestic calls and (617) 801-6888 for international calls by entering the passcode 27555773. This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be archived on Gartner's website at www.gartner.com for approximately 90 days. I will now turn the conference over to Brian Shipman, Gartner's Group Vice President of Investor Relations, for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Shipman: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, Chris Lafond. This call will include a discussion of Q1 2013 financial results as disclosed in today's press release. After our prepared remarks, you will have an opportunity to ask questions. I'd like to remind everyone that the press release is available on our website, and that URL is www.gartner.com. Before we begin, we need to remind you that certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2012 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. The company undertakes no obligation to update any of its forward-looking statements. With that, I would like to hand the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. Gene?
Eugene A. Hall: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Q1 earnings call. The continued effective execution of our proven strategy resulted in another quarter of double-digit growth. As we build momentum in 2013, we're well-positioned to deliver double-digit growth in our key financial metrics going forward. The global macroeconomic environment in 2013 hasn't improved since we last spoke, and it continues to be difficult. In fact, it worsened in many areas. In this environment, we continue to see robust demand across the business for our services, and we delivered our 11th quarter in a row of double-digit contract value growth. Through Q1 in 2013, as we've consistently done over the past few years, we've delivered double-digit growth in contract value revenues. As you'll hear in more detail from Chris, Gartner's performance remains strong. I'll share a few highlights. Research, our largest and most profitable segment, continues to grow at double-digit rates, consistent with the growth trends we've seen in the past 3 years. We delivered 14% contract value growth, with all geographies, all client sizes and every industry segment growing at double-digit rates. Our retention rates remain high, with client retention, 82%; and wallet at 98%. Our Events business continues to exceed our long-term growth rate target, with revenue growth of 20% over first quarter of 2012 excluding the impact of foreign exchange. As you know, our Consulting business tends to be less consistent quarter-to-quarter than our Research business, yet we continue to see great demand. So our Consulting was slightly below expectations in Q1, our pipeline for Q2 looks solid and backlog remains at healthy levels. We expect the full year to be within the guidance we issued at the start of the year. These results continue to illustrate the ongoing success of our strategy and the tremendous value we bring to our clients. I recently spent a few days meeting with several hundred of our top performing sales associates. They are excited about our prospects for growth, even in this economy. Our sales associates consistently report that our clients value our services, whether they're growing or facing budget cuts. We know how to build world-class sales capabilities, and we continue to invest in our sales force. This investment benefits from world-class recruiting, sales training and sales leadership. Our strong sales capabilities comes with world-class products and services, and our industry-leading analysts allows us to consistently deliver strong results. I said this before, and it remains just as true today, these are remarkable times for technology. Technology is transforming the world, from governments and cities to banking, health care, agriculture, manufacturing and more. The nexus of forces, social computing, global computing, cloud computing and information is driving change on a scale seldom seen. Technology has transformed how we work and what we do, and it affects every industry. And Gartner is at the heart of it. Every company, whether for-profit or not-for-profit, large, medium, or small, and any government agency in the world is a potential client, giving us a vast untapped market opportunity for our services. Gartner is the best source of help for enterprise leaders launching critical initiatives within this technology revolution. Our systems often make the difference between success and failure for our clients, and we're relevant whether the institution is growing or facing economic challenges. The successful execution of the right strategy drives our consistent performance. As some of you know, the fundamentals of our strategy are to create extraordinary research insight, develop strong sales capability, deliver high-value differentiated offerings, to provide world-class service and to continue to improve our operational effectiveness. This time-tested strategy will allow us to maintain and sustained double-digit growth into the future. I remain confident and excited about Gartner. The Gartner brand is in a class by itself; our products, services and people are superior to the competition; and we have a great business model; and we're relevant to virtually every company and government agency in the world. In summary, I'd like to leave you 3 takeaways from today's call. First, we continue to see robust demand for our services. Our vast market opportunity and our consistent winning strategy allows to once again deliver double-digit contract value growth. Second, clients value our services, whether they're growing or facing difficult budget cuts. And third, we continue to be well-positioned to achieve sustained double-digit growth in our key metrics, as we've done in the past several years. With that, I'd like to hand the call to Chris.
Christopher J. Lafond: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. As Gene mentioned, we're up to a strong start to 2013, with 14% growth in contract value and double-digit growth in total revenues in the first quarter. Our results continue to demonstrate the successful execution of our strategy and our ability to consistently deliver on the financial objectives we have communicated over the past several years. We continue to see strong trends in our key business metrics during the first quarter. Year-over-year contract value growth remains strong, and retention rates ended at/or near all-time highs. Our Events business increased by 20% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis, and our Consulting backlog increased in a seasonally light quarter. Demand for our services remained strong across our 3 business segments, even if the companies face the uncertainties of the current macroenvironment, because we are a key partner for IT and supply chain professionals and running efficient and innovative programs to drive growth in the organizations, programs crucial to the success or failure of their strategic initiatives. We're engaged on the most important projects for the institutions we work with. And this is why the successful execution of our strategy -- with the successful execution of our strategy we continue to deliver consistent revenue growth and strong financial performance and also why we're so confident that 2013 will be another year of double-digit growth. Let me now review each of our 3 business segments for the first quarter, starting with Research. First quarter Research revenue was up 13% to $310 million. Currency fluctuations had no material impact on Research revenue. Contribution margin in this segment increased almost 70 basis points to 69.3% in the first quarter, as our strong execution continues to capitalize on the operating leverage in this business. All of our key Research business metrics remained strong in the first quarter. Contract value grew to a record level of $1.269 billion, a growth rate of 14% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis. As has been the case for the past several years, our growth in contract value in Q1 was extremely broad-based. And contract value grew at double-digit rates across every geography, client size and industry segment. New business again increased year-over-year, continuing the trend we've seen since late 2009. The new business mix was balanced between sales and new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. While our contract value growth continues to benefit from our discipline of annual price increases and no discounting, approximately 80% of our contract value growth came from volume, with the balance coming from price increases. We've consistently increased our prices by 3% to 6% per year on an annual basis since 2005. We implemented a price increase during the fourth quarter of 2012, and we expect to do so again in 2013. Our volume growth reflects our success in continuing to grow the business by penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing clients. As a result, we ended the quarter with 13,203 client organizations, up 7% over last year's first quarter. Our client retention rate ended the quarter at 82%, the same level as last year's first quarter, and we've maintained client retention at/or near record-highs for 10 quarters in a row. In addition to retaining our Research clients at an impressive rate, the clients we retained continued to increase their spending with Gartner, and wallet retention ended at 98% in the first quarter. Wallet retention is higher than client retention through a combination of increased spending by retained clients and the fact that we retained a higher percentage of our larger clients. As we've discussed in the past, our retention metrics are reported on a fourth quarter rolling basis in order to eliminate any seasonality. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter in our Research segment. We grew our contract value by $151 million on an FX neutral basis year-over-year. We continue to see high levels of demand from clients, and we expect acceleration in contract value and revenue growth over time. We remain confident in our ability to deliver double-digit annual revenue growth in this segment over the long-term. Turning now to Events. Our Events segment started 2013 continuing the extremely strong year-over-year revenue growth we've delivered for the past 3 years. In the first quarter, Events revenue increased 19% year-over-year on an as reported basis and 20% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. During the first quarter, we held 12 events with 5,788 attendees compared to 13 events with 5,707 attendees in the first quarter of 2012. Approximately $2.2 million of the revenue increase was due to the 2 events that were moved into the quarter. We also had $1.6 million in additional revenues from the 10 ongoing events held in the quarter. On a same event basis, attendee revenue was up 16% and exhibitor revenue was up 19% year-over-year. Q1 is our lightest quarter for the Events business, with the fewest number of events held. And as a result, relatively small changes in expense can impact the quarterly margin. The gross contribution margin for Q1 decreased as compared to 2012. This is related to a combination of factors, including higher operating expenses from the expansion of a major event and the move of 2 events to new venues. Looking ahead, we see strong demand for both attendee and exhibitor participation at our upcoming events. For the full year, we expect this business to grow as we guided at the beginning of the year, continuing the trend of strong revenue growth, growth in contribution margin and margin expansion that we've seen over the past few years. Moving on to Consulting. Our Consulting business tends to be less consistent quarter-to-quarter than our Research business. As Gene mentioned, we had a slower start to the year than we expected, with revenues in Consulting declining 3% on a reported basis in the first quarter. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, revenues decreased 2% quarter-over-quarter. Importantly, we're seeing good and steady demand for our consulting services. Backlog is the leading key indicator of future revenue growth for the Consulting business, and we ended the quarter at $97.5 million. This represents 2% growth year-over-year and a healthy 4 months of backlog. Additionally, our pipeline looks equally solid as we entered the second quarter. With the current backlog and visibility we have into the pipeline, our full year revenue expectations for the Consulting segment remain unchanged. Recall that our benchmark and core consulting practices delivered 6% FX neutral revenue growth in 2012. We're extremely careful in adding resources only to areas where we see consistent and strong demand. As a result, we began thoughtfully adding delivery resources in the second half of 2012. Prior to that, our consulting headcount was essentially unchanged since the end of 2010. We continued adding resources in Q1 of this year, including the addition of 10 managing partners. With these additional resources, our utilization rates declined in Q1. And as a result, the gross contribution margin in this segment declined versus Q1 of 2012. We fully expect utilization to recover quickly as the new hires contribute given our strong backlog position. Billable headcount of 528 was up 11% from the first quarter of 2012. First quarter utilization was 65%, down roughly 5 points from the prior year first quarter. And revenue per billable headcount ended the quarter at $404,000. We remain confident in the full year expectations for this business, and we have the backlog and pipeline to deliver on the guidance we established at the start of the year. We still expect Consulting revenues to grow by 2% to 7% for the full year. Moving down the income statement. SG&A increased by $18 million year-over-year during the first quarter. We continued to tightly control G&A costs across the entire company, and we continue to believe this expense item will provide us with a source of operating leverage in the future. SG&A will continue to decline as a percent of revenue. The SG&A increase is primarily driven by the growth in our sales force. As of March 31, we have 1,461 quota-bearing sales associates, an increase of 173 sales associates from 1 year ago. Moving on to earnings. We delivered another quarter of solid earnings growth. Normalized EBITDA was $75 million in the first quarter, up 5% year-over-year, and GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.38, up 6% year-over-year. As we indicated when we gave our initial guidance, we expected Q1 to be our seasonally lowest earnings quarter. Also as expected, our Q1 2013 GAAP diluted earnings per share includes $0.01 per share and amortization of the cost associated with our acquisitions, including Ideas International. Turning to cash. Operating cash flow increased by 5% to $20 million in our seasonally smallest quarter of the year. In Q1 of each year, we see significant uses of cash with our annual bonus and yearend commission payments being made. Over the long term, we continue to expect to generate free cash flow substantially greater than our net income, given our tight cash management and the negative working capital characteristics of our Research business. During the first quarter, we utilized our cash to return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program, and we repurchased almost $1 million shares at a total cost of approximately $49 million. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet and cash position with net cash of $64 million. Our newly refinanced credit facility runs through March 2018 and at this time, provides us with about $550 million of remaining borrowing capacity. We have ample cash flow and liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive increased shareholder value. We continue to look for acquisition opportunities as a potential use of cash. We believe that repurchasing our shares also remains a compelling use of our capital, and we have $187 million remaining under our board authorization. Let me finish with a discussion of our guidance for the year. As Gene mentioned, we're reiterating our guidance we laid out for you on our fourth quarter conference call back in February. The details are in the press release, but as a reminder, our guidance calls for a double-digit growth in revenue, normalized EBITDA, EPS and cash flow for the full year. For the summarize, we delivered another quarter of double-digit revenue growth in Q1, our seasonally smallest quarter of the year. Demand for our services is strong and our key Research business metrics remained at our or near our all-time highs in the first quarter. Our initiatives to improve optional effectiveness, coupled with a positive operating leverage inherent in our business, delivered solid earnings growth and substantial cash flow. As always, we're actively exploring strategic alternatives for deploying our cash. And we'll continue to invest in our business and return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program, and we expect to repurchase shares throughout 2013. Finally, the double-digit growth in contract value in the fourth quarter -- we continue to build a solid foundation for delivering strong revenue and earnings growth in 2013. We are well-positioned for double-digit revenue and earnings growth and increasing returns to our shareholders over the long term. Now I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from the line of Tim McHugh, William Blair & Company.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So first one, I'll just ask about the sales productivity. It looks like it was kind of flattish year-over-year. Was there any variance in that kind of by market? I know you said the revenue growth wasn't, but how should we think about sales productivity at this point?
Eugene A. Hall: Hey, Tim. It's Gene. So in -- when we laid out the guidance with you, one of the things we've said is we were assuming a flat macroeconomic environment around the world and no increase in sales productivity in our plan. And the -- if anything, the macroeconomic situation is worse. If you look at Europe, Europe has actually got the worst decline in last year, Asia's growth has slowed and the U.S. certainly has not accelerated. And so our sales productivity has been -- even in that environment, has been flat. And the -- if you look at it underneath the covers kind of what's going in different geographies, whatever, there's nothing really different going on there because we're getting pretty much, as I talked about, you got double-digit growth across every geography, across every industry segment and across every size of company. And so there's nothing kind of different that's happened in Q1 than in the past.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: When you say the -- just before the macro environment has worsened, are you talking -- I guess, based on your own interpretation of headlines and -- or are you talking more about feedback you hear from salespeople in the business?
Eugene A. Hall: No, just the what the stated -- so not our feedback from salespeople, but more the -- what you -- what the economic analyzers say. So look -- if you look at Europe, Europe's growth this year has been more negative than it was last year, and it's expected to continue that way. So it's not from our salespeople; it's from the economic experts. Our salespeople, again, it's -- I think from a salesperson's perspective, it's the same kind of environment. They see individual companies and/or individual institutions, some of them were doing great in terms of their own growth, some of them have financial problems, and we can help any of those institutions. And so I think from a salesperson's perspective, it's kind of the same.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then on the Consulting business, I know last quarter -- or you had talked at least for last year how the contract optimization business was the source of weakness, but you saw good growth in kind of the remainder of the core benchmarking type of practice. Is that a similar distinction, or any color in terms of the sublines within Consulting?
Christopher J. Lafond: Hey, Tim. It's Chris. Just a couple of things. As -- if you recall what we had talked about around our Contract Optimization business going this year is, we assumed it would be flat to the prior year, and that's kind of how we're trending overall. And so, what we're really seeing is across the business, flat to slightly down across all of the businesses, and it's kind of consistent around the world. And as I said on my -- in my talk track, we've added quite a few delivery resources, getting them all up to speed, getting them all productive has put some pressure on the margin, some pressure on the utilization as we get all those people up to speed. So we feel very comfortable that we've got a good strong backlog, that we're seeing continued demand across all those segments. And we will continue to deliver the results that we expected at the beginning of the year in that kind of 2% to 7% range.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And can you remind me the number of managing directors that the 10 -- I'm assuming that was kind of a net number, but 10 increase there. I'm trying to get a sense of how significant that is of a general [ph].
Christopher J. Lafond: We now have, with those additional 10, about 80 to 82 managing partners. So it was -- we've continued to invest there, as you know, over the past few years, and it was another nice step forward as we expected to. This year has been working for us really well. But bringing them in onboard takes a little bit of time to get them up to speed, but we feel very comfortable. We're still executing the strategy that makes good long-term sense both for the Consulting business and for the Research business as we continue to focus the selling activity inside of the consulting organization itself.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Joseph Foresi, Janney Securities.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: My first question here is just on the sales force productivity. I know you'd given some rough parameters on what you're hiring plans were there, any changes in those plans? And maybe you can give us some update on what the sales force hires look like, I guess, at least through the first quarter.
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. So great question. So there's no change in our plan for hiring for the year. In fact, as -- Chris will go through this in a second, we actually accelerated our hiring in Q1.
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes. So, Joe, we increased our sales force by about 13% year-over-year; that's a little faster than we were last year. If you remember what we said last year, it was that as we saw productivity not improving as quickly as we wanted to, we kind of took a pause and looked at where that was happening and reallocated some resources. We feel very comfortable with what we're seeing. We started this year with the expectation that productivity would not improve given our expectations for the environment at a macro level. That's exactly what's happening. And so, we're very comfortable with what we're seeing, and as a result, we've begun to accelerate and fully expect that we'll be in that 15% to 20% range this year as we end the year.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then on the Consulting business, any change in the type of mix on the deal side? Or any change in decision-making, particularly on, I guess what we'd call, discretionary work?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, it's Gene. I'd say there's not any. I think the -- what you're seeing in the Consulting business is more just a normal variation from quarter to quarter. As Chris said, we don't expect any change for the full year. It's worth spending probably a minute and just talk about, reminding you about -- everybody about the strategic role consulting, which is -- the strategic role consulting is to help support our Research business. Let me elaborate for a second. So in our Research business, clients access research documents online we produce for analysts, in addition, begging to have our phone calls. There's -- and that's the primary way to deliver on our Research business. There's a set of our customers, particularly the very large institutions, that would like more in-depth help. And so, the reason we're in Consulting business is, for those clients that want that more in-depth help in areas that they're getting a research on. Our Consulting business provides a view for doing that, and so that's kind of a strategic role of the Consulting business. And so we're growing it. As you know, our objective is to grow it a bit slower than the other Research business. It's because that's the rate we think actually provides the best support to this Research business. The other thing is, which is really great, it supports the Research business, but it has really good margins, and has the -- so we're doing it at a very profitable rate as well. And so the -- we're not kind of in consulting, for its own sake; we're in consulting as part of integrated strategy with the Research businesses.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And last one for me, just going back to your comments about the macro. That was clearly just directed towards the headlines. I mean, given your guidance and your reaffirmation of guidance, I assume that the macro hasn't changed from what you'd built into the original guidance, is that correct?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, that's correct. Exactly.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Peter Appert, Piper Jaffray.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: So Chris, margins, down a little bit year-to-year, and I understand there's seasonal factors and obviously, the consulting Events business weigh on it. But does it cause you to rethink at all the expectations for margins either on a near-term basis or target for margins over the next couple of years?
Christopher J. Lafond: No, not at all. I think when you look at -- in the quarter, everything is trending as we would normally expect. So when you look at our Events business, doing incredibly great. And yes, the margins there, as I mentioned in my talk, were down, but we had expected that. We had expanded an event in a pretty significant way. We moved a couple events to new locations as we continue to grow those events. And often as you move events and effectively expand, which tends to be like relaunches, those margins tend to have a -- to be slightly lower initially and then grow, and that's exactly as we expected. So the margins, we expect, will come back, as we do with all the other events. So we know how to do this. We know how to launch events. We know exactly what the expectations are and they point -- they're running at exactly as we expected them to. So no issues at all on the Events side, and still expect a great year and continued margin expansion. As I mentioned, on the Consulting side, it was quite some time before we added resources. We had -- essentially had flat Consulting organizations since 2010, and so we'd not added resources quite some time other than adding managing partners. But even there, the overall headcount was only up very little bit. So we added some resources there. We fully expect utilization will come back. We have the backlog, the pipeline that we see, so we feel very comfortable there and still expect that, that business will -- margins will continue to expand. So overall, nothing we've seen in the quarter gives us any pause or a concern either for the year or over the long-term.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Great. And then you also highlighted an expectation that you would get back to the 15% to 20% sales force growth by the end of the year. Should we read into that an expectation that we could see sequential acceleration in contract value growth as the year progresses?
Christopher J. Lafond: Well, Peter, what we said at the beginning of the year and we continue to say is, we fully expect that we will see that acceleration happen over time, and it's a question of when. As we said, this year, we didn't expect the economy to improve, we didn't expect sales productivity to improve. The environment is challenging, and the environment our companies are facing our challenging. We're still performing great. As you can see, we're still continuing to deliver 14% contract value growth, retention rates, all of our key metrics are at or near all-time highs, remaining on the trends we've seen. So we feel really good about what we're seeing, which is why we're continuing to pretty aggressively grow the sales force, and we'll continue to do that. And now, the question will be, as things start to stabilize in the world, hopefully, start to see acceleration. And as we also told you, we're not sitting around waiting for the world to stabilize. We're doing lots of different things in our business all the time to improve, to improve sales productivity, to improve how we operate, to improve what we do and deliver to our clients. And so we're going to continue to do those things. And it's our expectation that we will see that acceleration. I can't tell you it'll be next quarter or 3 quarters from now, but we fully expect it will come.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then, Gene, you highlighted in your starting comments the strength across the portfolio in terms of end user markets, et cetera. Any in particular that you would call out in terms of areas where you're seeing a particular strength in terms of end user markets or geographies? And then sort of related to that, any comment in terms of sequestration, are you seeing any impact on your results from that?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, Peter. So in terms of particular markets, again, there's no new news there. As I said, we're seeing double-digit growth across everything, and so there's nothing different in Q1 about that. In terms of sequestration, as you know, we're a business that -- we know how to deal with institutions that are either doing well or not doing well and that have budget problems or no budget problems. And the -- this is not the first time that we've dealt with a federal government, or any government institution for that matter, that has sequestration -- has budget kinds of things. And we deal with this, not just for the U.S. Federal Government, but other governments all the time. We're used to -- we know what we're doing with it. In addition to that, as you know, we are highly diversified geographically and by industry, and so the combination of the two is the fact that we know how to deal with these situations. And the fact that we're so highly diversified by geography and by industry makes it so that it won't have a meaningful impact on us.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Eric Boyer, Wells Fargo.
Eric J. Boyer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I was just wondering, could you give us the core consulting growth x the contract optimization? I think you said it was 6% for 2012, what was it in the quarter?
Christopher J. Lafond: Hold on one second, Eric, we'll get that. The -- yes, so it was -- if you look back last year, core and benchmarking was up 6% for the full year. It is effectively, I think, flattish year-over-year. So I think it's essentially a 0% growth in that business for the first quarter.
Eric J. Boyer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then did you see an acceleration within kind of the other areas x your contract optimization throughout the quarter into this quarter that kind of give you confidence that you think the consulting piece of the business is going to snap back here?
Christopher J. Lafond: What we saw, as I talked about, we saw a couple of things. We continued to see good bookings, which is why our backlog continues to remain strong. We still have 4 months of backlog. We saw a good demand around the entire world. So we didn't see dramatic differences in different parts of the world in terms of performance. So the pipeline looks really solid as well going forward into next year. So not only did we have good bookings in the quarter and good backlog, we have good pipeline looking forward. Q2 looks pretty solid for us. We brought a number of delivery people on and managing partners on, given the demand we saw. So for all those reasons, we feel very confident that we will continue to see that kind of growth expectation we've set at the beginning of the year. There's nothing we saw in our Q1 results, nothing we see in the forward-looking pipeline that suggests otherwise.
Eric J. Boyer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Any type of work or area that you're seeing particular strength in within Consulting? And then the resources that you're bringing on, where are those onboarding onto?
Christopher J. Lafond: I wouldn't necessarily say I think we've seen any dramatic change in the business from what we saw last year going into this year in terms of practice areas. One of the areas that always remained strong is our benchmark business. That's been a very solid business. In every environment, companies like to benchmark, so that business continues to be solid. We fully expect to see continued demand of Contract Optimization. As you know, that business can bounce around a bit, depending on when clients choose to engage in some of those larger transactions, but there's always a flow of activity there. So -- and we've added resources around the world; we've added resources in certain parts of Europe; we've added them in benchmark; and we've added them in the U.S. So we've been adding resources pretty broad-based, based on where we're seeing that. But again, it's not one little pocket. There's some pretty nice strength that we see in the backlog and in the pipeline.
Eric J. Boyer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then finally, any change that you're seeing in the sales force attrition rate as far as voluntary attrition?
Eugene A. Hall: So our sales attrition rate has gotten a little bit better. But it's kind of, like, put it in the -- it's not like it's -- and we have very good sales attrition, and it just got a little bit better. So I'd say, no real news, but if there's any -- if there were any news too, it's good news.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jeff Mueler, Baird.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I know this is a relatively small dollar amount, so I hate to keep beating this dead horse, but on Consulting, was it more of a client pause maybe around some of the macro and legislative uncertainty around yearend? Or was this more of a -- just an execution issue as you brought on some new people, you moved some people around as you brought on 10 new managing partners, was it more of a client issue or execution?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. Hi, Jeff. It's Gene. I'd put it actually to a different category, which is, the nature of our Consulting business is, you go negotiate a deal, and these things are -- when they start, et cetera, it depends on kind of the client's situation. And so it's just intrinsically more variable from quarter-to-quarter than if you look at something like our Research business, for sure. Even our Events business, we know -- when we have an event for the quarter, we know what kinds of things to expect. So Consulting projects will slip a little bit between one quarter and another quarter. And I look at this more as being just a normal variation to slippage from quarter to quarter. And as we said, as you look at our backlog, and our. Pipeline kind of supports that. As opposed to this something like it had to do with some macro factors, something like that.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. So I think just a follow up then on the last question, so have you started to see those client situations, that variability, have they start -- the projects started in March and April, then?
Eugene A. Hall: We had a bunch of projects -- a bunch of business that came in, in April that might have come in, in March and happened to flip into April, absolutely. And so again, we're seeing we're on a pretty good track there.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then on Events, can you just help us with revenue growth? It looks like total number of attendees was just up slightly. Was this price increases on the events, was this some shifting in terms of the mix between higher and lower priced events?
Christopher J. Lafond: It's a combination of things. We've moved some events out of the quarter, some events into the quarter. So as we always do, we have a little bit of movement around. And so sometimes you see a big event move and a smaller one move in and vice versa. We certainly did see some nice price increase and mix. So some of the events were different size, so the pricing on those events tends to be higher. So it's a combination of factors that drove the revenue and drive the performance, and it's -- we look at it and we look forward. We still feel very confident. Again, if you look at the same Event business, attendee revenue, up 16%; exhibitor revenue, up 19%. The prices are up as we would expect them to be, both from a mix perspective and just annual price increase. So everything is flowing as we expected.
Jeffrey P. Meuler - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then just finally, I hear you loud and clear that you continue to plan to repurchase stock. I wanted to ask a question on the expected pace of repurchases borrowing, some sort of big M&A deal, but asking that in the light of now, you have a net cash positioning, you just locked down some pretty good credit facilities that extend out for good duration, so would you expect to step up the pace of repurchases relative to what you guys have done in the last couple of years?
Christopher J. Lafond: As you know, we tend to be pretty aggressive in share repurchase. If you look back over a number of years, we've spent quite a bit of money on share purchase, and we will continue to do that. We tend to be in the market regularly, but also, try to be opportunistic where we can be. So we try to do the best we can in terms of the timing of our share repurchases, but we will continue to be aggressive. And as you just mentioned, we took advantage of the current credit markets to lengthen and expand our credit facility so we have plenty of capacity for both acquisitions and share repurchase. And we fully expect both will be things that we will do over time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question is from the line of Gary Bisbee, Barclays Capital.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess, the first question, how do you think about and how do you focus the sales force on trying to increase the number of seats at existing large customers versus adding new customers? And is one of those easier or more difficult in a more challenged economic environment like we're in today?
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. So the -- we - it's a good question. We basically ask our salespeople to do both. Most of our salespeople have an existing client base, and we have a whole set of programs and strategies to support our salespeople. They're designed to increase the number of seats at existing clients. We actually track it pretty carefully, and that's going very well. Similarly, we have a set of programs that are designed to continue to grow the number of new clients as well. So we think we need to have a balance of new clients, as well our growing -- our existing clients. Both of those sets of programs are working very well. There's the -- as I mentioned before, the way that we think about it is not in the macroeconomic environment, but what's going on in the individual company level. And whether a company is doing really well or whether a company is under severe financial pressure, we have the ability to help them, and clients understand we're able to help them. And so we don't have any problem either adding seats or in selling new clients, even in very difficult macroeconomic situations. I mean, even in very difficult individual company situations, in fact, just as an example, I talked last year how Spain has one of the worst economic environments in the world, and we had very good double-digit growth in Spain. I could give you several other markets of the same kind of way. And so we're not -- we have -- it's -- selling to a new client is important, selling to existing -- more existing clients is important. We have progress in both of those, and we know how to sell both situations in whether the company or institution is doing well or whether they have all kinds of cost pressures.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And are there any particular areas of strength or weakness in terms of demand within the Consulting business? You continue to say you're seeing broad-based strength or demand everywhere. And I guess, it -- 3 of the last 4 quarters, Consulting revenue has fallen year-over-year. It just doesn't really -- it doesn't really necessarily tie with some of the other commentary you gave.
Christopher J. Lafond: So when you look at our Consulting business from the perspective of, is there a change in the trendline in terms of where the demand is, and the answer to that is no. There's no individual place that I would say is dramatically different as we sit here in Q1 today than we saw last year. So if you look at each of the 3 major segments, as we've talked about repeatedly, our Contract Optimization business tends to be a bit lumpy, and it tends to be when clients choose to exercise those deals and choose to move ahead and execute on a big transaction; that can vary. And it varies not only with clients' but at vendors' yearends. And so there's lots of reasons that business varies, but I would say we're not seeing versus what we saw last year. We expected that business to be relatively flat year-over-year. We're not seeing any indication that, that's any different, so we fully expect that to be relatively flat for the full year. When you look at our benchmark business, that business tends to be fairly consistent year-over-year. It had a really good strong year last year. People do like to benchmark in all economic environments. It's something that continues to be a good strong demand for clients. And then our core consulting business, which has a number of different practice areas around the world, and then a lot of different industries were seeing relatively consistent demand. As I said there, it's flat year-over-year, so nothing dramatically different from what we saw in Q1 of last year. So that's kind of what we're seeing right now. We certainly have seen backlog, as Gene talked about, some of that backlog is backlog that will be run out over a longer period of time, so back out -- into the back half of this year. But we have good solid backlog. We still see good pipeline, and the pipeline that we're seeing suggests everything I just talked about will continue in that Consulting business.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then just lastly, are there -- what types of things would you look to acquire? Is it more geography, are there holes in the prior -- probably not holes, but extensions that seem obvious to you to the existing product line? How do you think about what would be on the type of transaction you'd be looking for?
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. I guess, we've done 3 transactions in the last 9 years, and I think that's a pretty good indicator of the kind of things that we look at. And so I think you've -- I'm sorry, 4 transactions. And if you look at those, they all had a common theme to them, which is that they had products that were highly complementary to Gartner; they were syndicated research-type products. And so I think, you could look -- our history is a good guide for how we think about acquisitions.
Operator: There are no further questions, so I'd now like to turn the call over to Brian Shipman for closing remarks.
Brian Shipman: Great. Thank you. And thank you, everyone, for your interest in Gartner, and we'll speak to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you for joining today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Shipman - Group Vice President of Investor Relations Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer and Director Christopher J. Lafond - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Eric J. Boyer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Kelly A. Flynn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Brian Karimzad - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter Four 2012 Gartner Earnings Conference Call. My name is Patrick, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Brian Shipman, Group Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Brian Shipman: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartners Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Call. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, Chris Lafond. This call will include a discussion of Q4 and full year 2012 financial results, as well as our initial guidance for 2013 as disclosed in today's press release. After our prepared remarks, you'll have the opportunity to ask questions. I'd like to remind everyone that the press release is available on our website, and that URL is www.gartner.com. Before we begin, we need to remind you that certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2011 annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. The company undertakes no obligation to update any of its forward-looking statements. Finally, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be hosting our Annual Investor Day next Thursday, February 14, in New York City. If you would like to attend, please e-mail my assistant, Germaine Scott. Her email address is germaine.scott@gartner.com. With that, I would like to hand the call over to Gartners Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. Gene?
Eugene A. Hall: Good morning, everyone. During 2012, the continued effective execution of our proven strategy resulted in another year of double-digit growth in our key financial metrics. And our key business metrics remained at or near record levels, establishing a strong foundation for another great year in 2013. During 2012, as we've consistently done in the past, we delivered double-digit growth in contract value, revenue, earnings and cash flow. Chris will talk to the details of our financial results in a few minutes but let me touch on a few highlights. For the full year in Research, our largest and most profitable segment, we added 878 net new client organizations, which is more than any quarter in our history, and we delivered 14% growth in contract value. For the fourth quarter in Research, we had double-digit growth in contract value across all major geographies. We ended the quarter with 83% client retention, which remains at our all-time high. We had solid backlog growth in our Consulting segment and consistently strong demand throughout the year for our core consulting and benchmarking services. Our Q4 Consulting results were impacted by weaker than expected performance of our Contract Optimization business, and Chris will provide more details about that in a moment. Events had another year of strong growth, with fourth quarter revenues up 21% over the same period last year. During the fourth quarter, more than 6,000 CIOs attended our symposium events. There's no other gathering in the world like our symposium series. I had the opportunity to meet with many of our clients at these events around the world, and these leaders are driving the performance of their organizations and they consistently see Gartner as central to their success. These results continue to illustrate the continued success of our strategy and the tremendous value we bring to our clients. Investors sometimes ask how the macroeconomic environment affects our performance. Clients value our services whether they're growing or facing budget cuts. During 2012, the economic environment turned out to be worse than expected by most forecasters, and growth in the global economy slowed. In this environment, we delivered double-digit growth across all geographies, all client sizes and virtually every industry segments. In Europe, the economy contracted during 2012. We grew at double-digit rates across the region. We saw double-digit growth in nearly every country in Europe, including some of the most economically challenged countries in the world, Spain, Ireland, and Italy among them. In China, where the economic growth was the slowest in more than a decade, we grew our Research business at double-digit rates. In the U.S., economic growth was stagnant, and we grew our contract value at double digits. In this environment, we delivered our 10th quarter in a row of double-digit contract value growth. And of course, every company has areas that can improve, and sales productivity is our opportunity for improvement and it's one of our highest priorities. During 2012, we achieved flat sales productivity in a year with worsening economy conditions. And while this is a good result in a decelerating macro environment, we know we can do better. We're very focused on executing initiatives to grow the productivity of our sales force, and we fully expect that these initiatives will result in improving sales productivity. These are remarkable times for information technology. We're on the cusp of a massive transition period, the impact of which will be on par with that of the industrial revolution. IT is transforming the world, from governments and cities, to banking, health care, agriculture, manufacturing and more. IT is changing how we work and what we do, and driving this change are 4 major technology forces: social, mobile, cloud and information. Every industry is being affected by these technology forces, and they're driving change on a scale seldom seen. These transformations aren't just happened during 2012 or 2013. This technology revolution will remain vibrant for decades to come, and Gartner is at the heart of it. Gartner is the best source of help for enterprise leaders launching critical initiatives within the technology revolution. Our assistance often makes the difference between success and failure for our clients. And because of the huge and growing impact to the core technology forces I just mentioned, we are relevant whether an institution is growing or facing economic challenges. We benefit from having a vast untapped market opportunity for our services. Every company and government agency in the world is a potential client. There are hundreds of thousands of IT and supply-chain professionals who could be potentially Gartner clients but have never been educated on the value we can provide. Our sustained and consistent performance is due to the successful execution of the right strategy. And as some of you know, the fundamentals of our strategy are to create extraordinary research insight, to build strong sales capability, to deliver high-value differentiated offerings, to provide world-class service and to continually improve our operational effectiveness. This consistent strategy will allow us to maintain sustained double-digit growth over time. During January, I met with our sales leaders from around the world. Our sales leaders, who work with clients from all geographies, all industries in all sizes are incredibly enthusiastic. They, too, are excited about Gartner and the value we provide. I remain confident in and excited about Gartner. The Gartner brand is in a class by itself. Our products, services and people are superior to the competition, with a great business model, and we're relevant to institutions who are growing or facing budget cuts. We delivered double-digit growth in 2012, and we're well positioned for success in 2013 and beyond. In summary, I'd like to leave you with 3 takeaways from today's call. First, our business performance was strong during Q4 and throughout 2012, providing a great foundation for 2013. We continue to deliver double-digit contract value growth. In Consulting, our core and benchmarking businesses deliver solid results. In Events, we continue to set record attendance and record numbers of CIOs, driven by the consistently relevant and excellent quality of our content. With a laser-like focus on our proven strategy, we will continue positive momentum for the coming year and beyond. Second, clients value our services whether they're growing or facing difficult budget cuts. And third, we are well positioned to achieve sustained double-digit growth of our key metrics as we have done over the past several years. Like our clients and salespeople, I, too, am extremely excited about Gartner. We have a vast untapped market opportunity for our services. We have the right strategy. We have the right economic model and the right operating approaches. With these, I believe we'll continue to deliver sustained, profitable growth over the long term. And with that, I'd like to hand the call over to Chris.
Christopher J. Lafond: Thanks, Gene, and good morning, everyone. We ended 2012 with double-digit growth in revenue, earnings and free cash flow. Our results continue to demonstrate the successful execution of our strategy and our ability to consistently deliver on the financial objectives we've communicated over the past several years. In the fourth quarter, we continued to see the strong trends in our key business metrics that we delivered during the first 3 quarters of the year. Year-over-year contract value growth remained strong, and retention rates ended at or near all-time highs. Our benchmark and core Consulting businesses grew 6% on an FX neutral basis for the full year, and our Events business increased by more than 20% year-over-year for the third consecutive year. Demand for our services was robust across all of our primary business segments in the fourth quarter. Our strong top line performance and effective execution in capitalizing on the operating leverage in our business allowed us to once again expand both our gross contribution and EBITDA margins. As a result, we delivered significant growth in earnings both in Q4 and for the full year. In the fourth quarter, normalized EBITDA increased 14% year-over-year, and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was up 33%. For the full year, we delivered normalized EBITDA of $315 million, up 13% from 2011. This growth in normalized EBITDA was notable, given that in our Consulting segment, the Contract Optimization business underperformed our expectations in 2012 and resulted in a negative impact to EBITDA of $8 million. I will talk more about this in a moment. GAAP diluted earnings per share was up 24% from last year to $1.73. With a strong finish to 2012, we're well positioned for continued growth in 2013. Now, I'll provide a review of our 3 business segments for the fourth quarter and full year, and then I'll conclude with a discussion of our outlook for 2013. Starting with Research. Fourth quarter Research revenue was up 14% to $300 million. And on an FX neutral basis, Research revenue grew 15% in the fourth quarter and 14% for the full year in 2012. The contribution margin in this segment increased 65 basis points to 67.6% in the fourth quarter as our strong execution continues to capitalize on the operating leverage in this business. For the full year, the contribution margin in our Research business grew by 70 basis points to 68.1%. All of our key Research business metrics remained very strong in the fourth quarter. Contract value grew a record level $1.263 billion, a growth rate of 14% year-over-year on FX neutral basis. As was the case throughout 2012, our growth in contract value in Q4 was extremely broad-based across all geographies, client sizes and industry segments. New business again increased year-over-year, continuing the trends we've seen since late 2009. The new business mix was balanced between sales to new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. While our contract value growth continues to benefit from our discipline of annual price increases and no discounting, approximately 80% of our contract value growth came from volume, with the balance coming from price increases. This volume growth reflects our success in continuing to grow the business by penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing clients. As a result, we ended the quarter with 13,305 client organizations, up 7% year-over-year. As for pricing, we've consistently increased our prices by 3% to 6% by year on an annual basis since 2005. We implemented a price increase during the fourth quarter of 2012, and we expect to do so again in 2013. We should note that the average contract value per client organization has risen to another all-time high of $95,000 per organization, up from $90,000 last year. We continue to penetrate existing clients by leveraging our strong relationships. Our client retention rate ended the quarter at 83%, and we retained client retention near record highs for 10 quarters in a row. In addition to retaining our research clients at an impressive rate, the clients we retained continue to increase their spending with us. Wallet retention ended the year at 99%. Wallet retention is higher than client retention due to a combination of increased spending by retained clients and the fact that we retained a higher percentage of our larger clients. And as we've discussed in the past, our retention metrics are reported on a 4 quarter rolling basis in order to eliminate any seasonality. In summary, our Research segment continued its strong performance in the fourth quarter. We grew our contract value by $155 million on an FX neutral basis year-over-year. We continued to see high levels of demand from clients, and we expect acceleration in contract value and revenue growth over time. We remain confident in our ability to deliver double-digit annual revenue growth in this business over the long term. Moving on to Consulting. Revenue in our Consulting business declined 8% on a reported basis in the fourth quarter. Excluding the impact from foreign exchange, Consulting revenue declined 7%. For the full year, Consulting revenue declined 1% to $305 million but grew 1%, excluding foreign exchange. While the segment results were below our expectations, our benchmark and core Consulting businesses grew 6%, excluding foreign exchange in 2012. This is towards the high end of our long-term financial objectives for this segment. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our Consulting business, ended the quarter at $103 million, which represents 2% growth year-over-year and a healthy 4 months of backlog. Additionally, our pipeline looks equally solid as we begin 2013. Billable headcount of 503 was up 5% from the fourth quarter of 2011. This reflects our focus on matching resources to the demand we saw in our labor-based Consulting business during 2012. Fourth quarter utilization was over 67%, up 330 basis points from the prior quarter, and revenue per billable headcount ended the quarter at $445,000. Excluding the Contract Optimization business, the overall Consulting segment had a very strong 2012. So let me spend a moment on Contract Optimization. As we told you in the past, this part of our Consulting segment can fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. And to put this business in perspective for you, Contract Optimization represents only 10% of our Consulting segment and continues to decline as a percentage of Consulting and total company revenue each year. We expect Contract Optimization revenue to range from approximately $30 million to $40 million annually. It ended 2012 at the low end of that range after ending slightly above $40 million in 2011. While this impacted our overall Consulting results in 2012, we expect the overall Consulting segment to grow in the range of our long-term financial objectives in 2013. Turning now to Events. Events in the fourth quarter increased 21% year-over-year on a reported basis and 24%, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. During the fourth quarter, we held 14 events with 22,540 attendees compared to 12 events with 20,500 attendees in the fourth quarter of 2011. Total attendees of our events during Q4 on a same events basis were up 5% year-over-year and exhibitors were up 21%. For the full year, revenue for our Events business increased 20% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis. At the 62 events held in 2012 versus the 60 held in 2011, attendees were up 8%, exhibitors were up 20% year-over-year. On a same Events basis, attendees were up 7% and exhibitors were up 18%. For the full year 2012, the events gross contribution margin was 46%, up 148 basis points from 2011. Moving down the income statement. During the fourth quarter, our total gross contribution margin was 59% compared to 58% in the prior year. And for the full year, our total gross contribution margin increased 86 basis points to 60%. These increases were primarily due to the successful execution of our strategy to capitalize on the high incremental margins and operating leverage inherent in our Research business. SG&A increased by $15 million year-over-year during the fourth quarter. We continue to tightly control G&A costs across the entire company, and we continue to believe that this expense item will provide us with the source of operating leverage in the future as G&A will continue to decline as a percent of revenue. The SG&A increase is driven by the growth of our sales force. And as of December 31, we have 1,417 quota-bearing sales associates as compared to 1,268 a year ago. For the full year, we added 149 salespeople, constituting 12% growth and slightly below our long-term target of growing our sales force by 15% to 20% per year. As we told you in the past, we will always be thoughtful about the expansion of our sales organization. When the sales productivity remained flat in the back half of 2012, we slowed the pace of hiring in order to improve productivity. As Gene mentioned, we're focused on increasing sales productivity and, as we've been consistently told you, intend to grow our sales force by 15% to 20% annually. Sales force growth in 2012 should not be construed as a change in our growth expectations. We remain confident both in our market opportunity and growth expectations. Moving on to earnings. We delivered another strong quarter of solid earnings growth. Normalized EBITDA was $97 million in the fourth quarter, up 14% year-over-year. And GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.61, up 33% year-over-year. Our normalized EBITDA margin increased 60 basis points to 20.4%. And as expected, our Q4 2012 GAAP diluted earnings per share includes $0.02 in amortization and other costs associated with our acquisitions, including Ideas International. This trend continues to reflect our commitment to improving margins while also investing in the growth of our business. For the full year, normalized EBITDA was $315 million, up 13% year-over-year. And GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.73, up 24% year-over-year. Our normalized EBITDA margin increased 50 basis points to 19.5%. And as I mentioned previously, our earnings were adversely impacted by a shortfall in our Contract Optimization business. EPS was positively impacted by a lower than expected tax rate in the fourth quarter and for the full year, largely due to the release of tax reserves related to the close of tax audits. And also diluted EPS for the full year 2012 included acquisition-related charges of $0.05 per share compared to $0.04 per share in 2011. Turning to cash. Our strong performance for the full year translated into continued growth in free cash flow, which increased by 11% to $237 million. Over the long term, we continue to expect to generate free cash flow substantially greater than our net income, given our tight cash management and the negative working capital characteristics of our Research business. During the fourth quarter, we utilized our cash to return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program, and we repurchased almost 480,000 shares at a total cost of approximately $22 million. For the full year, we repurchased 2.7 million shares at a total cost of $111 million. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet and cash position with net cash of $95 million. Our current credit facility runs through December of 2015 and, at this time, provides us with almost $350 million of remaining borrowing capacity. We have ample cash flow and liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive increased shareholder value. We continue to look for attractive acquisition opportunities as a potential use of cash. And in absence of appropriate acquisition opportunities, we believe that repurchasing our shares remains a compelling use of our capital and we have $210 million remaining under our board authorization. Let me now turn to our business outlook for 2013. Based on the strong business trends we experienced in 2012, we believe our businesses are well positioned for another year of strong growth. Our guidance for 2013 is based on the following assumptions: the current macroeconomic environment continues throughout the year, revenues of the Contract Optimization business and our Consulting segment remain at 2012 levels, sales productivity remains at 2012 levels, our sales force grows approximately 15%. And with regard to foreign exchange, our guidance is based on the spot rates in early January. We've made no attempt in our guidance to anticipate any strengthening or weakening of the U.S. dollar from the actual foreign-exchange rates in early January. In light of the current macro-environment, we believe this are prudent assumptions. And so for the full year 2013, we expect total revenues will grow by 10% to 13%, to approximately $1.78 billion to $1.82 billion on a reported basis. Projected revenues by segment can be found in our press release. But I would note that we expect growth at each of our 3 segments during 2013, with Research revenue expected to be up 13% to 14%, Consulting revenue up 2% to 7% and Events revenue up 6% to 12%. Moving down to income statement. We expect normalized EBITDA for the full year 2013 to be between $350 million and $370 million, an increase of 11% to 17% over 2012. In 2013, we expect the cost associated with stock-based compensation expense to be approximately $37 million to $38 million. Total depreciation and amortization should be approximately $33 million to $34 million, inclusive of the amortization of acquisition intangible assets. We expect interest expense of approximately $10 million, other expense of approximately $2 million. We're projecting an annual effective tax rate of approximately 31%, and our guidance is based on an average fully diluted shares outstanding of approximately 95 million shares for the year. Note that our tax rate may vary from quarter-to-quarter due to the timing of certain items. Our GAAP earnings guidance for 2013 is for EPS to be between $1.96 and $2.10 per share. The intangible amortization associated with the acquisitions of AMR, Burton and Ideas will equate to approximately $0.04 per share for 2013. And as a result, we expect our EPS, excluding amortization from acquisitions, to be between $2 and $2.14 per share. We also expect to grow free cash flow as we drive growth in our Research business. In 2013, we expect cash from operations of $296 million to $316 million, capital expenditures of $37 million to $38 million and free cash flow of $259 million to $278 million. Thus, we expect to grow our free cash flow by 10% to 17% in 2013 and generate free cash flow per share of $2.73 to $2.94, substantially above our income per share. I'd like to note that cash from operations includes $3 million to be received as a tenant improvement allowance in connection with the previously disclosed lease arrangement on our Stamford headquarters. And the $3 million in the related costs of these improvements are reflected on our capital expenditures despite being reimbursed by the landlord. These amounts are not expected to have any impact on free cash flow during the life of the renovation project, which should end in early 2013 and is not expected to recur. While our policy is to provide annual but not quarterly guidance, I'd like to provide some additional information to allow for an understanding of the seasonality and other factors that will impact our revenue and earnings on a quarterly basis. In 2013, total revenue, segment revenue and EPS phasing by quarter will approximate our reported results from 2012. I would also point out that the first quarter will again be the seasonally lightest quarter, with EPS coming in at less than 20% of the full year EPS. I would also like to remind you that our Events segment is highly seasonal and more than 50% of the full year revenue to be recognized in Q4 because our Fall Symposium series is held at that quarter. At this point, we plan to host between 64 and 67 events in 2013 as compared to 62 in 2012. Finally, I'd like to spend a moment on the impact of foreign exchange as it relates to our reported contract value. As we've communicated to you in the past, research contract value is reported on an FX neutral basis throughout each year. We do this so you can understand the true organic growth in our Research segment. In January of each year, we restate the opening contract value at current foreign-exchange rates. As a result of changes in FX rates since January of 2012, contract value on January 1, 2013, is approximately $7 million higher than the $1,263,000,000 reported on December 31. And as a result, $1,270,000,000 is the baseline figure you should use for comparison purposes when analyzing FX neutral contract value growth in 2013. So to summarize, we delivered great results both for the fourth quarter and full year 2012. Demand for our services is strong. And as a result, we generated double-digit revenue growth, and our key business metrics remained strong throughout 2012. Our initiatives to improve operational effectiveness, coupled with the operating -- positive operating leverage inherent in our businesses, delivered strong margin expansion, and we generated substantial cash flow. As always, we're actively exploring strategic alternatives for deploying our cash. We'll continue to invest in our business and return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program, and we expect to repurchase shares throughout 2013. Finally, with double-digit growth in contract value in 2012, we established a solid foundation for delivering another strong year of revenue and earnings growth in 2013. We're well positioned for double-digit revenue and earnings growth and increasing returns to our shareholders over the long-term. We'll now be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mr. Eric Boyer with Wells Fargo.
Eric J. Boyer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Gene, can you just comment on the IT spending environment in terms of your offerings today compared to where we were last year at this time?
Eugene A. Hall: Eric, so there's 2 separate issues. I'm not sure if I understand the question. So the overall IT spending environment, we're expecting IT spending in FX neutral terms around the world to grow about 3.9% during 2013. And so that's one, if you're asking about the -- how much people are spending on IT goods and services, that would be it. That doesn't cover our spending and what they're spending on Gartner-type services. Does that answer your question?
Eric J. Boyer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Well, I was just wondering about the demand for your type of your product compared to where you were last year as far as budgets and just how difficult of a selling agreement is today compared to last year.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, it's -- the selling environment is the same. Basically, our selling is limited by the amount of sales capacity we have. There's essentially unlimited demand. It's a matter of how fast we can get to clients and educate them on the value of our services. And so in essence, the selling environment that we see is exactly as it was last year. Last year, at this time, we had -- and throughout the year had kind of infinite demand, and we have the same situation today.
Eric J. Boyer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So with the sales force growth assumption of 15%, I mean, is that just really due to the productivity being a little bit lower than where you had hoped to be just because of the microenvironment? Is that how we should think about it?
Eugene A. Hall: So we basically would -- I have said in the past, would continue this, which is as we -- we like to grow our sales force 15% to 20% a year. We're going to grow at the lower end when we see sales productivity not advancing as fast as we'd like and the higher end when we see the productivity there. And so you can interpret that we'll be kind of at the 15% end because we think there's an opportunity to continue to improve sales productivity and we want to focus on that at this point. Again, during the year, if that changes and we see productivity tick up, we'd accelerate our hiring during the year.
Eric J. Boyer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then just finally, I noticed you talked about double-digit growth across geographies. Is that the same for your vertical breakout as well?
Eugene A. Hall: So we had double-digit growth, as you mentioned, across all the geographies around the world. We had double-digit growth across virtually every industry segment, and the couple of segments that weren't were just below. So they rounded down as opposed to rounded up, perhaps, to double digit. So it's not like one fell off and went -- was mid-single digit or something like that. It's just slightly below double digit, a couple of segments..
Eric J. Boyer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Any detail on which ones, those were government, I assume, maybe?
Eugene A. Hall: I take it as noise basically because, as I said, last quarter they were above. This quarter, they were below.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Gene, can you talk a little bit about, please, what you're doing to drive sales force productivity?
Eugene A. Hall: Sure, Peter. It's my favorite subject. We are -- basically, there's 3 areas we're working on. The first is recruiting, making sure we recruit people that are really well-suited to be successful at Gartner. And because we have associates around the world, obviously, it's not as simple as just recruiting for the right kind of person in just the U.S. or just New York City. And so the first piece is recruiting. The second piece is training, and training both for our new hires, as well as for our experienced people. With our rapid sales force growth, we've got to be prepared to give managers great training to equip them, as we have many new managers with our growth, with the promotions people get. And obviously, there's so many new people coming onboard. We've also have a lot of innovation in our offerings and what's going on in the technology world, and so we need to keep our salespeople up on that. That's another important part of the training. And then lastly, it's productivity enhancing tools. And so we, basically, continually have a set of -- continually enhance the set of tools that we give our salespeople to help them be more productive, things like what are the most important topics that our clients are going to care about, and automating certain parts of the selling process so that it doesn't take a salesperson's time. And in fact, it's an automated part of the process. So those are really the 3 areas that we're focused on.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. So you added 21% to the sales force last year. Should I take it that basically maybe the onboarding was just -- I don't want to say a little rougher, but just not quite as -- didn't come in as hoped in 2012? And was that the key reason for reduced productivity this year, it's a reflection of the higher level of hiring last year?
Eugene A. Hall: No. I think, basically, what's going on with the productivity is that clients get a lot of value in our services whether they're growing, whether they're shrinking. When they are shrinking, the selling cycle is a little harder than it is than if they're growing. So I think the primary thing that affected our sales productivity is if you look again like in Europe, as I mentioned on my comments, on my prepared comments, the economy actually shrank in Europe, and we grew at double digit there. Now if it hadn't been such terrible -- so many companies in so much trouble, then I think our sales productivity would have ticked up quite a bit. But again, if you look at the global macroeconomic environment, there were many -- a higher portion of the companies or institutions that were facing big budget cuts, those selling environments are a little bit tougher. And again, we're very successful there. But it's a little bit tougher and it, I think, had a bit of an impact. That's why our sales productivity didn't grow as we would have liked it to.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then just not to obsess too much on this, but the guidance on research revenue growth of 13% to 14% in fiscal '13, to the extent that you end the year with 14% CV growth, it would seem simplistically to imply that you're not necessarily anticipating, at least in the guidance, improved productivity in '13. Is that fair?
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, Peter. It's Chris. I just commented, I think, during my remarks that the assumption in our guidance is that sales productivity remains at 2012 levels. As Gene said, we also do not anticipate the economic environment changing. So with those 2 factors, we thought it was prudent to assume in our guidance that it would stay roughly where we are today in both of those -- with both of those.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. Then last thing, Chris. So on margin leverage, just some color in terms of how we should think about the ability to continue to drive margin improvement.
Christopher J. Lafond: So I think you need to look at it in the multiple pieces, Peter. So if you start with the 3 businesses, as we talk about all the time, we have great incremental margins in all 3 businesses. 70% in Research, as you know, we're at 68%, so we still have a little bit of room there for expansion. But we've moved that from 58% to where we are today. So we've made some big movements over the last few years, and now we're hitting and approaching our 70% number, still a little bit of room there for improvement. The Events business, incrementally around 50%, and we still have a little bit of room there. And Consulting ultimately at 40%, and we still have a little bit of room there. So you still see a little bit of room on the top line, and also you get the continued mix shift. So Research has been shifting and went from below 60% to now over 70% of revenues. So we've moved that significantly, and that shift will still give us a little bit certainly starting to approach a number were, while it could still grow, not as fast as we saw in the past. That's kind of what's happening on the gross margin side. When you go below the line, we still believe we'll get G&A, infrastructure, expansion opportunities. So I think if you're looking at our expectations for 2013, we're still expecting G&A to be a lower percentage of revenue. And then the big driver moving forward is sales productivity. So over time, we expect that as sales productivity improves, we start to see the S as a percent of revenue start to flatten and come down. As you know, that's been inching up as we've expanded our sales force. So those are the main drivers of margin expansion in EBITDA. We still feel extraordinarily comfortable that we'll continue to deliver margin expansion over time.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I think you've said in the past, Chris, I may have this range wrong, 50 to 150 basis points a year. Is that still operative?
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, we still believe 50 to 150 basis points is absolutely realistic. And you're going to get more towards the high end as you get real sales productivity expansion, and you'll be more at the low end as sales productivity stays flatter. And that's what you're seeing kind of in our guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim McHugh with William Blair & Company.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: You talked about sales productivity. Obviously, it was flat for the year. But can you give us any color in terms of vintage of when the salespeople came in or by region or by vertical in terms of areas that were stronger or weaker? And I'm assuming it wasn't all exactly flat.
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, it was pretty much consistent across the board, so no big differences in terms of one area. I think, any of the differences were pretty minor and I'd put in the category of noise as opposed to something significant.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And the Contract Optimization business, I understand you gave -- it's usually in a fairly narrow range but it was the low end of that range this year. Is there any reason? I mean, can you point to where there -- was there turnover? Was projects just pushed out? What drove, I guess, you to the low end of the normal range?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, so -- it's Gene. So that business is a business -- and we've talked about in the past, it's a fairly lumpy business, meaning there's a few deals that decide whether -- how that business a few meaning on the order of they might do 100 deals a year, something like that. And so the -- if you have a few more deals or few less deals, that's what swings that business. And it -- the way it works is it's on a contingency fee basis so -- most of the business. So what happens is that a client negotiates a deal, we come in and we can help them, and they buy, get it cheaper, then we make -- we get paid in that business. If we help them and they don't buy, we don't get paid. And so that's what the nature of the business is. So we can do a lot of work with the clients. And if they actually decide not to purchase from the vendor that we work on, because it's contingency fee basis, we don't get paid. So by its intrinsic nature, it's not kind of a recurring revenue or a smooth business, it's very lumpy. And it was at the -- we had a couple of years -- in last 3 or 4 years, it's been the higher end of lumpy. And the last year, unfortunately, was the lower end of lumpy.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And did you say earlier, Chris, an $8 million swing to EBITDA from that?
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes. So what I mentioned was, if you look back in 2011, we did about 40 -- a little over $40 million of revenue for Contract Optimization. This year, we did just about $30 million, and it is extraordinarily profitable. And I think 80% of that flows through, so you're talking about an $8 million year-over-year change to EBITDA. And that, by itself, is one of the biggest drivers of the year-over-year EBITDA delta that people were looking at versus consensus, I believe.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So a bounce back in that business, you should see the contribution margin from Consulting improve next year?
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, so if it bounces back -- so as I also talked about in my remarks, we're not expecting it to grow. We expect it to be exactly where it is this year. Should that be different, you'll see incremental revenue and an 80% flow-through of that incremental revenue. So it will bounce right back through to profitability should it recover.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kelly Flynn with Crdit Suisse.
Kelly A. Flynn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: First question relates to Europe. I know you spoke to a pretty broad-based strength there. But can you talk about whether or not you're seeing any signs of stabilization or sort of macro-related improving sentiment in any countries? Any reason for incremental optimism there?
Eugene A. Hall: So, as I mentioned, we had great performance in Europe, double-digit growth in -- overall in most of the countries, including some of the most challenged countries. We're not seeing -- in terms of our business, we're not seeing any change this year compared to last year, so we're expecting great growth again in Europe this year. And I really can't -- couldn't comment on -- so our clients are vying for position just like they did last year. I don't really see any change in the overall macroeconomic environment just from our perspective on it.
Kelly A. Flynn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And related to international, can you talk in terms of, let's say, 5 years out, I mean, which are the international markets, all over and not just Europe, in which you see the most opportunity for growth?
Eugene A. Hall: So we're in 85 countries today, and we expect to be -- we're not planning to add more countries. It would be on a very selective basis if we did. And in essence, all those countries have tremendous growth opportunities, and the -- we're pretty much growing at good double-digit rates in virtually all of them. I mean, again, there could be some exceptions around in 85, but they all have kind of -- our level of penetration is very little in all of them. I mean, even in the U.S., as we've talked about, we have a very low level of penetration of our opportunities, even in the U.S., where we've had the longest presence. And so we don't have -- when we look out to 5 years, we see -- we should have -- we certainly have the opportunity for great double-digit growth in every one of those 85 countries.
Kelly A. Flynn - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then last question related to Consulting. I think you've been pretty clear and helpful on Contract Optimization, but I just want to make sure I understand. Is there anything else going on in Consulting that was disappointing this quarter? Or is it all related to the Optimization business?
Christopher J. Lafond: Kelly, it's Chris. Not with all related to that. So I think if you look at the core Consulting business, that business actually grew 6% for us in 2012, which is great. It's much faster than actually it's been growing in the past, up towards the higher end of our range. So when you look at Consulting, if you look at backlog, if you look at margin expansion and utilization, all of those things in that core business, which, again, is 90% of the Consulting business, had a really nice strong performance, and the whole delta is driven out of this one area. That just happens to be such a high incremental margin. So we feel great about the rest of that business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Brian Karimzad with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Karimzad - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, first one for Chris. The free cash flow conversion from the adjusted EBITDA in the '13 guidance, it looks like it's round 74%, 75%. And if I look back historically, maybe I'm running the numbers wrong, you guys typically do 75% to 80% range. So can you walk us through why we're not closer to the midpoint of what you have historically done?
Christopher J. Lafond: Sure, Brian. There's probably a couple of things there. So if you look at 2 things, cash taxes and CapEx. CapEx has increased slightly. As you know, we're pretty low in terms of CapEx. We -- over the last couple of years, I think last year when you net out the reimbursements from our landlord, we spent, I think, $29 million in '11, $31 million in '12. And next year, it's inching up to $34 million. So you have a little bit more. We think that's absolutely the right investments to make in our business for all the things we're talking about, whether that's sales productivity or other things that will drive the business. So we still think that's a relatively low percentage for a company of our size, but that's inching up a bit. And as we've told you over time, cash taxes has inched up a bit. So those 2 things are the drivers. There's nothing other than that, that's fundamentally changed in terms of our cash flow dynamics.
Brian Karimzad - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just on the long-term revenue target. I mean, something that has been a bit frustrating in this info services space have been these long-term targets that companies set on revenue growth that, frankly, represent numbers that haven't been seen since 2007 and before. For example, on the research side, I think the last time you did 15% plus x currency growth was 2007. And I guess, for the guidance this year, you're making an assumption macro doesn't change. For us, let's say, we're taking a 3-year horizon and, let's say, that macro just kind of stays how it's been for another 3 years in your kind of industrialized markets, what's your sense on the cap of that research revenue growth? How much of it was kind of banking on having a 2007 type level of macro environment?
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. Basically, we -- as I mentioned in my remarks, we think there's lots of room to improve our sales productivity, and that's kind of at the heart of what's going on. So it's less about the macro environment. It's really about our improving sales productivity, and we think that there's plenty of room in sales productivity. We think we know what to do to do it, and we have programs to do it. So if you look at our 3-year time period, we're expecting sales productivity will continue to go up, and that will result in accelerating growth over time.
Christopher J. Lafond: I think it's important to note, when we set our long-term, 15% to 20% for Research and all of our long-term objectives, we did not assume that the world was always in spectacular 2007 economic environment. We expect in normal economic times, and as Gene said, we're doing lots of things to work on sales productivity. So I don't think you should read into our numbers that it has to be a perfect economic environment for us to achieve those kind of numbers. We don't believe that.
Brian Karimzad - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So most of the productivity then issue is kind of an internal process type thing? It's not tougher selling environment in Europe and facing cuts?
Eugene A. Hall: As I mentioned earlier, when clients have budget cuts, it's harder to sell than when clients are growing and have lots of money. We can be very successful in the environment we are. But it does -- I think what happened last year is that in a stable economic environment, our sales productivity would have increased. But because the global economy decelerated, kind of it offset our -- the improvements that we had in the pipeline there. And so again, we're going to make improvements. And hopefully, the global economy will at least remain stable and won't decelerate any further.
Operator: At this time, there are no additional audio questions. Speaker, you may proceed.
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. And I want to make sure that I invite you again to our Investor Day, which is next Thursday, 14th of February. No better way to spend Valentine's Day than at a Gartner investor conference. We look forward to seeing you then.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Shipman - Group Vice President, Investor Relations Gene Hall - Chief Executive Officer Chris Lafond - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Tim McHugh - William Blair Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray Brian Karimzad - GS Dan Leben - Robert W. Baird Anj Singh - Credit Suisse Gary Bisbee - Barclays Bill Sutherland - Northland Capital
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Gartners Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter 2012. A replay of this call will be available through December 3, 2012. The replay can be accessed by dialing 888-286-8010 for domestic calls and 617-801-6888 for international calls, and by entering the passcode 87651517. This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be archived on Gartners website at www.gartner.com for approximately 90 days. I will now turn the conference over to Brian Shipman, Gartners Group Vice President of Investor Relations for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Shipman: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartners third quarter 2012 earnings call. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, Chris Lafond. This call will begin with a discussion of Q3 2012 financial results disclosed in todays press release, followed by an opportunity for you to ask questions. Id like to remind everyone that the press release is available on our website, that URL is www.gartner.com. Before we begin, we need to remind you that certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results, and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the companys 2011 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. The company undertakes no obligation to update any of its forward-looking statements. With that, I would like to hand the call over to Gartners Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. Gene?
Gene Hall: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our quarterly earnings call and thanks for joining us. We had a great Q3 and our business performed well across all three segments, consistent with our performance since 2009. For the third quarter, our Research segment achieved double-digit growth in contract value across all regions and in all industry segments. We also achieved 83% client retention, which is an all-time high. Year-over-year, we added more than 800 new client organizations. Our Consulting segment has strong bookings with our backlog up 14% year-over-year. Our Event segment revenues were up 17% year-over-year on a same Events and FX neutral basis. Weve achieved these results because of the tremendous value we bring our clients. This is a unique and exciting time to be an IT. Information technology continues to be the most important driver of growth and productivity for the global economy. But ITs complex never changing. Its tough to get it right. To find solutions to the challenges, CIOs and senior business and IT leaders are coming to Gartner. Gartner is a single best source for the facts, the analysis and the roadmaps our clients need to succeed in this era of unprecedented uncertainty. Our value proportion is stronger today then its ever been, putting the Gartner brand and it classify itself. As you heard me say before, the fundamentals of our strategy are to create extraordinary research insights to build strong sales capability, to deliver high-value differentiate offerings, to provide world-class service and to continue improve our operational effectiveness. This strategy has been successful across all our lines of business and across all geographies. Gartner Symposium/ITxpo is our flagship event series and its the worlds most important gathering of CIOs and senior IT executives. I just return from a symposium in Orlando, Florida, where we hosted more than 10,000 attendees, which is up more than 18% over last year, and it included more than 2,300 CIOs. It was a largest event yet, it set new records for both attendance and revenue. At this even I spoke with the number of our clients and I can tell you, they are incredibly excited about the impact of IT on the enterprises and the critical role Gartner plays in helping to achieve their enterprises objectives. As with the opportunities speak with a large number of our sales people this event and they is enthusiastic about Gartners brand and marketing opportunity as Ive ever seen before. Like our clients and sales people, I too, Im extremely excited about Gartner. We have a vast untapped market opportunity, with the right strategy, with the right economic model and the right operating approaches. With these, I believe we will continue to deliver sustained profitable growth over the long-term. With that, Ill turn it over to Chris for additional details, our results, and financial outlook.
Chris Lafond: Thanks, Gene, and good morning, everyone. We deliver another very strong quarter of Q3. On an FX neutral basis we once again achieved double-digit growth in revenue, earnings and cash flow. In Research, year-over-year contract value growth remained strong at 14% on an FX neutral basis and retention rates ended at or near all-time highs. In Events, our same events revenue were up 17% FX neutral and accelerated in Q3 from Q2, and in Consulting, our benchmark and core consulting practices grew a combined 7% year-over-year FX neutral. Demand for our services was robust across all three business segments in the third quarter. Our strong topline performance and effective execution in capitalizing on the operating leverage in our business allowed us to once again expand our gross contribution margin, which is now at 60%, up from 59% in Q3 2011. As a result, we delivered solid growth in earnings in Q3. In the third quarter, normalized EBITDA increased 9% year-over-year and our adjusted earnings per share were up 13%, with this strong performance through the first three quarters of the year, we are well-positioned for strong finish in 2012. These results again demonstrate the continued successful execution of our strategy, our ability to consistently deliver on the long-term financial objectives weve communicated to you over the past few years and the overall value we bring to the strategic IT initiatives of our clients. Now, Ill review the results of our three business segments in more detail before we take your questions, and Ill begin with Research. Third quarter Research revenue was up 11% on a reported basis to $284 million. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, Research revenue growth was 14% in the quarter. The margin in this segment increased again to 68% as our strong execution continues to capitalize on the operating leverage inherent in the Research business. All of our key Research business metrics improved or remained very strong in the third quarter. Contract value grew to a record level of $1.175 billion, a growth rate of 14% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis. Our growth in contract value in Q3 remained broad-based with all client sizes, all geographies and all industry segments delivering strong double-digit growth year-over-year. New business again increased from last year continuing the trend weve seen since late 2009. The new business mix was balanced between sales to new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. While our contract value growth continues to benefit from our discipline of annual price increases and no discounting, approximately 82% of our year-over-year contract value growth came from volume. This volume growth reflects our success in continuing to grow the business by penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing clients. And as a result we ended the quarter with 12,612 client organizations up 7% year-over-year and as per pricing, weve consistently increased our prices by 3% to 6% per year on an annual basis since 2005 and that remains our plan into the future. We maintained client retention near record highs for the past two years and our client retention rate ended the quarter at 83%. In addition to retaining our Research clients in an impressive rate, the clients we retain continue to increase their spending with Gartner and as a result, wallet retention also remained strong at 99%. Wallet retention is higher than client retention due to a combination of increase spending by our retained clients and the fact that we retain a higher percentage of our larger clients. As we discussed in the past, our retention metrics are reported on a four-quarter rolling basis in order to eliminate any seasonality. In summary, our research segment continued its strong performance in the third quarter. We grew our contract value by $145 million on an FX neutral basis year-over-year. We continued to see strong demand from clients and we expect continued acceleration in revenue and contract value growth over time. We remain confident in our ability to deliver 15% to 20% annual revenue growth in this business over the long-term. Turning now to events, our events business continues to deliver exceptionally strong year-over-year growth. And in the same events basis, events revenue growth accelerated in the third quarter from the second quarter of this year, with revenues increasing 17% on FX neutral basis. On as reported basis, events revenue in the third quarter declined 2% year-over-year on a reported basis and 2% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. During the third quarter, we held 14 events with 5,566 attendees, compared to 16 events with 6,676 attendees for third quarter of 2011. Our performance in Q3 was in line with the revenue phasing we provided to you at the beginning of the year as to larger conferences that were held in Q3 2011 are scheduled to occur in Q4 of this year. We are seeing strength in every geography, and across the entire events portfolio particularly at our symposium series events. Some of you witnessed in Orlando just last week, attendance at our U.S. Symposium/ITxpo was up over 18%. Our events business remains well-positioned to deliver continued strong growth in the final quarter of 2012 and beyond. Moving on to consulting. Revenues in our Consulting business grew 1% on an as reported basis in the quarter and 4% on an FX neutral basis. Our benchmark in core consulting businesses delivered strong results of a combined 7% on an FX neutral basis year-over-year in the quarter. Our Q3 Consulting segment results were impacted by our contract optimization business, which can vary from quarter to quarter given the nature of that business. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for consulting ended the quarter at $106.1 million, or healthy four months of backlog. Our pipeline remains solid as we enter the fourth quarter. Billable headcount of 499 was up 4% from the third quarter of 2011 and up from last quarter. Utilization for Q3 was over 64%, up 280 basis points from the third quarter, a year ago and revenue per billable headcount remained above $400,000 per year ending the quarter at $415,000. With a solid third quarter, four months of backlog and a strong future pipeline, the Consulting business is on track to deliver results in line with our long-term targets. Moving down the income statement, during the third quarter, our total gross contribution margin increased by 52 basis points year-over-year to 60%. This increase was driven by margin improvement in our research segment and in particular, successful execution of our strategy and consistently strong expense management continues to capitalize on a high incremental margins and operating leverage inherent in our research business. SG&A increased by $16 million year-over-year during the third quarter. And this increase was primarily attributable to the continued growth in our sales force. As of September 30, we had 1,397 quota-bearing sales associates as compared to 1,215 a year ago. This represents a 15% growth year-over-year which is in line with our long-term target of growing our sales force by 15% to 20% per year. Moving on to earnings, we delivered another strong quarter of solid earnings growth. Normalized EBITDA was $68 million in the third quarter, up 9% year-over-year. GAAP earnings per share were $0.33. Note that GAAP diluted earnings per share in Q3 were negatively impacted by $0.02 of acquisition-related charges. Our normalized EBITDA margin was 18.2% for the quarter. All of this is consistent with the phasing guidance per earnings that we laid out at our Investor Day in February. Turning to cash, our strong performance so far this year translated into a significant year-over-year increase in cash from operations, which was $209 million through the first nine months of 2012 as compared to 1000 -- excuse me, $177 million for the same period in 2011. Over the long-term, we continue to expect to generate free cash flow substantially greater than our net income given our tight cash management and the negative working capital characteristics of our research business. In the first nine months of 2012, we utilized cash on the acquisition of Ideas International and we utilized over $89 million in cash for purchasing over 2 million shares of our own stock. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet in cash position with net cash of $55 million. Our current credit facility runs through December 2015. And at this time provides us with almost $354 million of available borrowing capacity. We have ample cash flow and liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive increased shareholder value. We continue to look for attractive acquisition opportunities as a potential use of cash. In absence of appropriate acquisition opportunities, we believe that repurchasing our shares remains a compelling use of our capital and we have $231 million remaining under our board authorization. Now, Ill turn to our business outlook for the remainder of 2012. Our business remains well positioned for another year of strong growth in revenue and earnings. The details of our guidance are included in the press release issued this morning, only take a moment to highlight some of the changes. Overall, on a consolidated basis, were raising the low-end of our previous issued guidance by $7 million per revenue and lowering the high end of our previous issued revenue guidance by $13 million. With respect to our research segment, we now expect revenues between $1.13 billion and $1.14 billion for the full year. This represents growth between 12% and 13% on a reported basis for the full year. With respect to Consulting, we now expect revenues of between $310 million and $320 million, which is growth of between 1% and 4% on a reported basis for the full year. And finally with regard to our events business, we now expect revenues of between $167 million and $177 million. The increase in our guidance for this segment is a result not only of the strength weve seen through the first three quarters but also what were seeing in our global symposium series. Were seeing double-digit revenue growth at all of these events. And as a recent example, our U.S. symposium recently held in Orlando delivered an 18% increase of attendees and 25% increase in exhibitors. From a seasonality perspective, I will remind you that the fourth quarter is the largest quarter of the year for the events business and will make up greater than 50% of the full year revenues for that segment. There are no other changes to our previously issued guidance. So to summarize, we delivered great results for the third quarter of 2012 and demand for our services is strong. We generated double-digit revenue growth on an FX neutral basis and our key business metrics remains strong in the third quarter. Our initiatives to improve operational effectiveness coupled with the positive operating leverage inherent in our business delivered strong operating margins. And we continue to generate substantial operating cash flow. We will continue to invest in our business and return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program. And we expect to repurchase shares throughout 2012 and beyond. And finally with double-digit growth in contract value in the third quarter, we established a solid foundation for delivering a strong year of revenue and earnings growth for the remainder of 2012. We remained well positioned to continue our consistent delivery of double-digit revenue and earnings growth and increasing returns to our shareholders over the long term. Well now be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Tim McHugh with William Blair. Please proceed.
Tim McHugh - William Blair: Hi. Yeah. Can I ask about the sales force growth? Its still within, as you said, 15% to 20% range but last couple of quarter, it grew from the high end of that range down towards the lower end. Can you talk about what -- do you expect to reaccelerate that and does that in anyway reflect the macro environment or is it just a reality having to hiring and grow our sales force?
Gene Hall: Yeah. Hi. Its Gene. Great question. So, basically our sales force growth as you alluded to as Chris mentioned is, our targets is 15% to 20% a year. Last year, we grew a little bit -- actually above the top of the range. And this year were kind of Tim as you said toward the lower end of that range. And its clearly based on operational aspects and as we looked at it because we were a little higher last year, we are kind of being very picky to who we hire this year and making sure we get all the right people. But its not either lack of the reflux of the environment, the economic environment anything like that. We have robust demand as we mentioned robust demand across geographies and across industries. And its purely what we think is right amount to optimize our operational effectiveness.
Tim McHugh - William Blair: Okay. Great. But as it relates to the research guidance, can you talk a little bit, you brought down the high end of that a little bit, I guess, even as contract value growth has remained pretty strong here. So can we understand why or what change there in terms of the assumption?
Gene Hall: Yeah. Its really no significant change to our thinking for the year as you think about as we think about guidance. Obviously, we get to the fourth quarter with the subscription model. We have pretty good clarity on how the year is going to end. And so as we sit here now looking into fourth quarter, I think all the analysts were more toward the lower end. We were looking at the revenue expectations based on the 14% growth and it will get you right in the range that -- that we gave. So, nothing has changed from our perspective in terms of business performance, nothing has changed in terms of expectations for the remainder of the year. And obviously fourth quarter bookings and contract value have very little impact on the quarter, have a much bigger impact moving into next year as we lend out those revenues over the life of those contracts. So, thats why we take in the range and we tend to do that every fourth quarter and research impact across all three segments as we get closer to the end of the year.
Tim McHugh - William Blair: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: Thanks. So, Gene just following upon the prior question about sales force growth, I think there have been some expectation just among investors perhaps that -- given that you have been at the higher end of the range in terms of sales force growth, we might see some modest acceleration through the year in CV growth. And the CV growth has been graded 14% but pretty consistent through the year. So does this imply that you are not getting quite the level of productivity that you might have anticipated from some of the new hires?
Gene Hall: Yeah. Peter, great question. So, first the -- were very happy with our results. As I mentioned, weve got double-digit growth all geographies in all industries and so we are very happy with performance. When we hire new people, obviously it takes time to get among Board, get them trained, get full productivity and we think they are coming along just as pretty much as wed expect. So, its going to ride what we expected to be.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Would it be realistic to expect given the -- you are going to presumably end this year with something like 15% sales force growth. Would it be realistic to expect some modest acceleration in CV growth in 2013?
Gene Hall: I think as we add sales people and those group become productive. Overtime, their productivity increases and thats what accelerates our sales force growth. I mean our CV growth.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then Chris in terms of the margin leverage, its sort of interesting last quarter, I think if I got the numbers right, the EBITDA margin was up something better than 100 bps year-to-year this quarter up more like 30, what drives the variance from quarter-to-quarter?
Chris Lafond: Just its a couple of things, Peter. First, if you look at our events business, there is some movement there. You can see if you look at the year-over-year margin that you will see that is down a bit. And the reason for that is the shift in the schedule, right so. Third quarter tends to be our lowest quarter for the events business, our smallest number of event held. We moved two of our more established events that were held in Q3 last year and the Q4. And so when you moved those events and the profitability that goes with them, even though we launched two new events the profitability is not quite the same and then -- and obviously, its a bunch of fixed cost in events that occur every year regardless of how many events we hold in a quarter. So, when you look at that, that was a bit of the driver of the year-over-year performance. If you look on a full-year basis, were still expecting really nice margin expansion. And so its really just a timing between quarters and events being kind of the biggest portion of that.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: Got it. That makes sense. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Karimzad with GS. Please proceed.
Brian Karimzad - GS: Hi, there. Just again the follow-up on the sales force productivity. I mean has anything changed this cycle in terms of ramping folks versus the last time you did pre-recession. You did a ramp like this where people get a bit hung up on coming up to the curve. I know the -- in terms of the mix of customers is probably different than what you dealt with prior?
Gene Hall: Yeah. Its Gene. So, basically we are seeing as we bring new people on. We are seeing productivity grow at pretty much the exact rate we would expect overtime. It changes the mix of how many new -- faster we grow the mix of new people sales force goes up little bit, which affects the average. But in terms of -- we look at it by vintage in each class and what were seeing is pretty much what wed expect.
Brian Karimzad - GS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And next question comes from the line of Dan Leben. Please proceed.
Dan Leben - Robert W. Baird: Great. Could you just talk a little bit about the sales retention and your efforts there, how thats played out as youve been more selective on the hiring?
Gene Hall: Dan, are you talking about our retention of sales people?
Dan Leben - Robert W. Baird: Yeah.
Gene Hall: Yeah. Great. Retention of sales people is actually very important to us because wed like to retain as many of our sales people we can. We track it very closely. In fact, we interview every sales person that leaves, so we get an assessment of kind of whats going on in terms of their -- why theyre leaving. The people that leave our overwhelming people that have not done as well performance wise. And so basically and we tracked that and that continues to be the case. And so we feedback that in because it really means that we havent hire somebody thats the best person at the Gartner. And so we really focused on looking at what the attrition is, what causes it and then what do we do to actually keep driving that down? Because overtime, wed like to get that penetration. Youre recall in the normal sales force what we talked at four, which is going to 15% to 20% range. And the attrition thats the range weve been in, thats the range were still in and -- but we love to get at kind of below that 15% mark because we think that would give more continuity to the sales force and have a possible impact on productivity. So, its obviously when we hire people, we like to see that why theyre successful. We dont like hiring people that maybe not best for Gartner.
Dan Leben - Robert W. Baird: Great. And then Chris looking forward to the fourth quarter when we reset the FX adjustment on contract value, what rates were at today, what type of a change are we looking for, for next quarter?
Chris Lafond: Today, we probably very minimal, because rates have come back pretty close to where they were at the beginning of the year. Just for everybodys benefit, we established for CV reporting purposes a fixed foreign exchange rate for the entire year. So the numbers you see in our results are always FX neutral numbers for contract value. We dont try to assume where they will be, when we get to January we will use rates that are in January and thats the rates we use for the whole year.
Dan Leben - Robert W. Baird: Great. And then last one for me. Just within Consulting in the fourth quarter a big contract optimization quarter, help us understand if there is any crowding out of time usage of consultants as contract optimization either goes through and their ability to work on that already pre-booked backlog?
Gene Hall: Hey, Dan. Great question. Its Gene. The consultants that work in the contract optimization business are separate from the rest of the business. All they do is contract optimization work. So, it doesnt affect the rest of the business. So, if there is backlog in the rest of the business, it has no impact at all on the contract optimization consultants.
Dan Leben - Robert W. Baird: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of [Anj Singh] with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Anj Singh - Credit Suisse: Hello. I am calling in for Kelly Flynn. Thank you for taking my questions. My first question was if you can comment on how you are seeing client spending if there are any constraints that have come up or gone away over the recent quarter?
Gene Hall: Yeah. So, I said the recent quarter is not much different than what weve seen in the other quarters this year. There are lot of institutions and a lot of distress. You look at the public sector -- there are lot of public sector institutions. In the private sector, there are some large institutions. There are lot of financial distress. I read about it in the news everyday. But thats not much changed from what it was before. And for our business, it basically doesnt affect our business. We are just as helpful in helping clients in distress and it is just as common to growth those clients at the same rate as we have clients that are not in distress. And so for us, its just if they want to use different products of our service line, different. Their folk stars are taking the cost reduction as opposed to interesting new products and wealthy stuff like that. But Id say not much different than what weve seen before.
Anj Singh - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you. And one follow-up. The consulting backlog was really strong this quarter and I know you said that the strength was quite broad based. I was wondering if for Consulting, you can get a little bit more granular as to where the pockets of strengths might be.
Gene Hall: Sure. Thanks for the question. If you look over the past few quarters, we had seen as weve said pretty balanced performance across all of our businesses in all the segments. Weve had pretty strong performance throughout the year in Europe, but I would say in the third quarter we had a particularly strong performance in North America. And I would say that really picked up nicely for us from a year-over-year perspective. And all-in-all, as we look across the entire portfolio, we are seeing good demand across all the places that we are doing Consulting, which is, as you know limited to North America, major countries in Europe and Japan. But we are doing well across all of those.
Anj Singh - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee with Barclays. Please proceed.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays: Hi. Pitching in for, Manav, this morning. I had two questions if I could. The first one is the Event business continues to be very strong and I guess, could you give us a sense what impact the weaker economic activity in Europe is having on that business, and are there other areas that are much stronger in making up for that. And the second part of the question. How big historically, a driver of incremental business wins in the Research business have the Events been, are those largely existing customers or is that proven to be a good source of future growth in the Research business?
Gene Hall: So, great question. So first one, our Events business has had great strength across all areas of world just like our Research business. So, if you look at even the areas of world that have been weaker, weve had great performance. Theres nothing like -- theres one really strong region and the others are not. Its very balanced performance, again just like in our Research business. And so and whats going on there is again, technology is critical for just about every initiative that institutions want to undertake and so even in bad times people are undertaking these initiatives to improve their operations. It could be cost reduction. It could be a growth oriented, but they are still using IT. And so even in areas that have real distress are still spending money on IT. And especially, getting help to make sure the IT investments are used wisely, which is what we help them do. In terms of Events impact on our research business, basically our Events segment is a great standalone segment. We love the Event business. Theres a mix of people there that some of them are research clients, and some of them are people that are not research clients. The reason people come to our Events is because they would rather immerse themselves in our Research for a few days, and get offsite as opposed to use the written research which a lot of our clients do. And so thats really whats driving the differences between two businesses and why we have people there. And again, its both research clients as well as people that are not research clients.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays: Has that proven to be a fertile ground for driving the Research business or is it more the one for our clients more, they come in and pay the fee and get a few days of it and then move on?
Gene Hall: Yeah. Its certainly not the biggest source of our growth in Research, so. Of course, there are people there that want to become research clients, but its not the engine driving the growth of our Research business.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bill Sutherland with Northland Capital Market. Please proceed.
Bill Sutherland - Northland Capital: Hey. Good morning. Just a couple of quick number questions. So, do you think youll be -- youve had some steady increases in the billable accounting consulting, is that likely to continue?
Chris Lafond: All right, Bill. Its Chris. I think the way we think about Consulting, and the way we talk about it all the time is that we add capacity as we see our backlog build. And so weve seen a really nice increase in the backlog in the third quarter. And so, yeah, you should expect to continue to see continued growth in headcount commensurable. We need to do to deliver those services. So, I would say youll see that continue. To grow, we absolutely believe we can drive more productivity out of the consultants we have. So there is certainly a productivity benefit here that we expect to get in addition to hiring more billable consultants.
Bill Sutherland - Northland Capital: And, Chris, did the three parts of Consulting kind of grow in tandem, or were there differences?
Chris Lafond: No. Actually, if you think back to the comments I made just to reclarify them, our core Consulting and benchmark businesses were up a combined 7% FX neutral. So really strong performance in that area, and the contract optimization business was down year-over-year, and still we feel very confident in the guidance we provided. So no issues from a full-year perspective as we think about that business. But really the strength in the performance came out of the core and benchmark.
Bill Sutherland - Northland Capital: Thanks. I have to jump around a little bit. Appreciate that. And then the number of Events for Q4, remind me?
Chris Lafond: Hold on one second, I think we have held 48 events for the year. We are planning to hold about 65, so another just under 20 Events in the quarter.
Bill Sutherland - Northland Capital: Okay. Ill do the math. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Brian Shipman for any closing remarks.
Brian Shipman: Thank you, Erica. And thank you everyone for joining us on todays call, and well speak to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation on todays conference. This concludes the presentation. Everyone may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Brian Shipman  Group VP, IR Eugene Hall  CEO Chris Lafond  EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Peter Appert  Piper Jaffray Bill Bird  Lazard Manav Patnaik  Barclays Tim  William Blair Bill Sutherland  Northland Securities Kelly Flynn  Credit Suisse Brian Karimzad  Goldman Sachs Dan Leben  Robert W Baird Eric Boyer  Wells Fargo 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Gartners Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter 2012. A replay of this call will be available through September 3, 2012. The replay can be accessed by dialing 888-286-8010 for domestic calls and 617-801-6888 for international calls, and by entering the passcode 27832693. This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be archived on Gartners website at www.gartner.com for approximately 90 days. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Brian Shipman, Group VP of Investor Relations. Please proceed sir.
Brian Shipman: Thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to Gartners second quarter 2012 earnings call. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, Chris Lafond. This call will begin with a discussion of Q2 2012 financial results disclosed in todays press release, followed by an opportunity for you to ask questions. Id like to remind everyone that the press release is available on our website, that URL is www.gartner.com. Before we begin, we need to remind you that certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results, and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the companys 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. The company undertakes no obligation to update any of its forward-looking statements. With that, I would like to hand the call over to Gartners Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. Gene?
Eugene Hall: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our quarterly earnings call. For the second quarter of 2012 Gartner once again delivered strong results. On an FX neutral basis, we showed growth across all three of our business segments. Research, our largest and most profitable segment continued to grow at double-digit rates. Consulting had another solid quarter performance and events continued to exceed our long-term growth targets. Normalized EBITDA was up 16% quarter-over-quarter, and diluted earnings per share was up 34% over second quarter of 2011. As youre aware, were looking at a tough world economy with economic uncertainty coming from all major geographies. Here in the U.S. unemployment continues to be a challenge. In Europe, the debt crisis remains threatening and in Asia, growth has slowed. Despite this environment, Gartner consistently delivered excellent results across all our businesses. Weve achieved double-digit results across all geographies and industries for the past several quarters, and we expect this trend to continue. Our results demonstrate the strength and successful execution of our strategy for growth. Our strategy enables us to continue to capture our substantial market opportunity, which as Ive stated in the past, we estimate to be at $47 billion. The fundamentals of our strategy are to create extraordinary research insights, to build strong sales capability, to deliver high-value differentiated offerings, to provide world-class service, and to continually improve our operational effectiveness. IT is complex, continually evolving and remains one of the most important drivers of growth and competitive advantage for virtually every institution in the world. Whether an organization is looking to leverage technology to achieve rapid growth, or looking to manage costs, Gartner is the best resource to turn to for help and our results show it. The Gartner brand is in a class by itself. Our products, services and people are superior to the competition. And we have a successful and attractive business model with high renewal rates, great cash flow and incremental margins. I remain confident and excited about our prospects for sustained double-digit growth over the long term. With that, Ill hand the call to Chris, who can comment in detail on our second quarter results.
Chris Lafond: Thanks, Gene and good morning, everyone. We delivered another very strong quarter in Q2. On an FX neutral basis, we once again achieved double-digit growth in revenue, earnings and cash flow. In research, year-over-year contract value growth remained strong at 14% on an FX neutral basis, and retention rates ended at or near all-time highs. In Events, our revenues were up 16% FX neutral and accelerated in Q2 from Q1 on a same events basis. And in Consulting, our benchmark and core Consulting businesses grew a combined 9% year-over-year FX neutral while our Contract Optimization business was lower year-over-year as a few deals moved into Q3. Demand for our services was robust across all three business segments in the second quarter. Our strong top line performance and effective execution in capitalizing on the operating leverage in our business allowed us to once again expand our gross contribution margin, which is now at 60%, up from 59% in Q2 of 2011. As a result, we delivered significant growth in earnings in Q2. In the second quarter, normalized EBITDA increased 16% year-over-year and our GAAP diluted earnings per share were up 34%. With this strong start, were well positioned for continued growth for the remainder of 2012. These results again demonstrate the continued successful execution of our strategy, our ability to consistently deliver on the long-term financial objectives we have established over the past few years and the overall value we bring to the strategic IT initiatives of our clients. Ill now review the results of our three business segments in more detail before taking your questions. And Ill begin with Research. Second quarter, Research revenue was up 11% to $278 million, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, Research revenue growth was 14% in the quarter. The margin in this segment increased from 67% to 68% as our strong execution continues to capitalize on the operating leverage inherent in this business. All of our key Research business metrics improved or remained very strong in the second quarter. Contract value grew to a record level of $1.141 billion, a growth of 14% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis. Our growth in contract value in Q2 remained broad-based, with all geographies and industry segments delivering strong double-digit growth year-over-year. New business again increased from last year continuing the trend weve seen since late 2009. The new business mix was balanced between sales to new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. While our contract value growth continues to benefit from our discipline of annual price increases and no discounting, approximately 83% of contract value growth came from volume. This volume growth reflects our success in continuing to grow the business by penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing clients. As a result, we ended the quarter with 12,474 client organizations, up 7% year-over-year. And as for pricing, weve consistently increased our prices by 3% to 6% per year on an annual basis since 2005 and that remains our plan again in 2012. We have maintained client retention near record highs for the past two years and our client retention rate ended the quarter at 83%. In addition to retaining our Research clients at an impressive rate, the clients we retain continue to increase our spending with Gartner. And as a result, wallet retention also remained strong at 99%. Wallet retention is higher than client retention due a combination of increased spending by retained clients and the fact that we retained a higher percentage of our larger clients. As weve discussed in the past, our retention metrics are reported on a four quarter rolling basis in order to eliminate any seasonality. So in summary, our Research segment continued its strong performance in the second quarter. We grew contract value by $141 million on an FX neutral basis year-over-year. We continue to see strong demand from clients. And we expect continued acceleration in revenue and contract value growth over time. We remain confident in our ability to deliver 15% to 20% annual revenue growth in this business over the long term. Turning now to Events, our Events business continues to deliver exceptionally strong year-over-year growth. Events revenue in the second quarter increased 13% year-over-year on a reported basis and 16% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. During the second quarter, we held 21 events with 12,540 attendees, compared to 21 events with 11,295 attendees in the second quarter of 2011. On a same events basis, Events revenue accelerated in the second quarter from the first quarter of this year, with total attendees up 12% year-over-year and exhibitors up 13%, both in line with the guidance we provided to you for the full year 2012. Were seeing strength in every geography and across the entire Events portfolio. Our Events business is well positioned to deliver continued growth through 2012 and beyond. Moving on to Consulting, revenues in our Consulting business grew 1% in the second quarter on an FX neutral basis, but declined 1% on a reported basis. Our benchmark and core Consulting businesses delivered strong results up a combined 9% FX neutral year-over-year in Q2. Our Q2 Consulting segment results were impacted by our contract optimization business, which can vary from quarter-to-quarter given the nature of that business. As I mentioned earlier, a few large deals moved from Q2 into Q3. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for Consulting ended the quarter at $93.1 million or a healthy four months of backlog. Our pipeline remains solid as we enter the third quarter. Billable head count of 481 was down 2% from the second quarter of 2011 and up slightly from last quarter. Utilization for Q2 was over 67%, up 360 basis points from the second quarter a year ago and revenue per billable head count remained above $400,000 per year ending the quarter at $425,000. With a solid second quarter, a four month existing backlog and a strong future pipeline, the Consulting business is on track to deliver results in line with our guidance for the full year. Moving down the rest of the income statement, during the second quarter, our gross contribution margin increased by 114 basis points year-over-year to 60%. This increase was driven by margin improvement in our Research and Events segments. In particular, the successful execution of our strategy continues to capitalize on the high incremental margins and operating leverage inherent in our research business. SG&A increased by $12 million year-over-year during the second quarter. The increase was primarily attributable to the continued growth in our sales force. As of June 30, we had 1,356 quota-bearing sales associates as compared to 1,146 a year ago, which represents an 18% growth year-over-year, in line with our long-term target for growing our sales force by 15% to 20% per year. Moving on to earnings, we delivered another strong quarter of solid earnings growth. Normalized EBITDA was $79 million in the second quarter up 16% year-over-year. And GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.43 up 34% year-over-year. Note that GAAP diluted earnings per share in Q2 were negatively impacted by $0.02 of acquisition related charges. Our normalized EBITDA margin was 19.9%, all of this is consistent with the phasing guidance we laid out at our Investor Day in February. Turning now to cash, our strong performance so far this year translated into a significant year-over-year increase in cash from operations, which was $99 million for the first half of 2012 as compared to $64 million in the first half of 2011. Over the long term, we continue to expect to generate free cash flow substantially greater than our net income given our tight cash management and the negative working capital characteristics of our Research business. During the second quarter, we utilized our cash to complete the acquisition of Ideas International for a net purchase price of $10 million, as well as continuing to return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program. Our share repurchases for the first half of 2012 were over 2 million shares at a total cost of almost $85 million, which nearly matched this level of share repurchases in the first half of 2011. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet and cash position with net debt of $50 million. Our current credit facility runs through December 2015, and at this time provides us with almost $362 million of available borrowing capacity. We have ample cash flow and liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive increased shareholder value. We continue to look for attractive acquisition opportunities as a potential use of cash and in the absence of appropriate acquisition opportunities, we believe that repurchasing our shares remains a compelling use of our capital and we have $231 million remaining under our Board authorization. Now I will close with a business outlook for 2012. Our business remains well positioned for another year of strong growth in revenue and earnings. At the midpoint of the year, were on track to deliver the results we communicated back in February. The second quarter modestly exceeded our original expectations for EBITDA and EPS. As a result, we remain confident in the guidance we provided at the start of the year. Looking ahead to the second half of 2012, I would point out that our full-year GAAP EPS guidance remained unchanged despite our expectations that acquisition and integration charges related to the recently acquired Ideas International will impact EPS by roughly $0.03 per share on an after-tax basis. So to summarize, we delivered great results for the second quarter of 2012 and demand for our services is strong. We generated double-digit revenue growth and our key business metrics remained strong in the second quarter of 2012. Our initiatives to improve operational effectiveness, coupled with positive operating leverage inherent in our businesses delivered strong operating margins and we continue to generate substantial operating cash flow. We will continue to invest in our business and return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program, and we expect to repurchase shares throughout 2012. Finally, with double-digit growth in contract value in the second quarter, we established a solid foundation for delivering a strong year of revenue and earnings growth this year. We remain well positioned to continue our consistent delivery of double-digit revenue and earnings growth and increasing returns to our shareholders over the long term. Well now be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Peter Appert, Piper Jaffray. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Peter Appert  Piper Jaffray: Thanks and good morning. So, Gene, I know you typically dont give guidance on contract value, but given the stepped up pace of sales force hiring, Im wondering if youre feeling more confident about the second half of the year or maybe even more broadly, if you could just talk about what you see in terms of visibility in the backlog or contract value pipeline?
Eugene Hall: Good morning, Peter. So, Im actually feeling great about the second half for the year and on into 2013. We did add a lot of sales people towards to the end of 2011 and those sales people have gone through their training and theyre getting their initial territories, and so I really expect theyd be hitting traction in both the second half and then obviously through 2013. If I look at our pipeline, pipeline looks terrific in terms of deals and as Chris said, while we had great growth in all geographies and all industries. Our pipeline continues to look that way across the board. So, Im quite optimistic about both the second half as well as again going into the 2013.
Peter Appert  Piper Jaffray: Thanks, Gene. And Chris the  so the margin performance is pretty impressive here in the second quarter particularly after the margin was basically flattish in the first quarter, can you talk about the implications of stepped up sales force expansion in terms of  should we be thinking about more modest margin improvement in the second half?
Chris Lafond: Thanks Peter. The way to think about the margin expansion for us comes in a couple places. As you know, we talk often about the incremental margins in each of the three businesses. So, on the research side, we believe we have a roughly 70% incremental margin. So, for every dollar we sell, about $0.70 will flow through the gross margin line. Today that business is at about 68% margin. So, there is still some room for that to continue to expand up towards that 70% number. Consulting we think over the long-term is 40% and we are not quite there yet, and Events is between 48% and 50% and were starting to get pretty close to that number. So, there is certainly still some room each of the three segments, as we continue to grow and the mix shift as well. Right so, as we continue to grow Research faster than the others, you continue to see margin expansion simply because of that mix shift. So, those are all the drivers that happen kind of on the gross profit line, as you go below, and look at the SG&A line, SG&A has been relatively stable as you know, were investing heavily in sales as we talk about. We continue to manage G&A, G&A continues to come down as a percent of revenue; that will continue to be a source of margin expansion as well. So, we still think theres plenty of opportunity, I think weve done a really good job of expanding the sales force over the past six or seven years, while also expanding margin. And I think we can continue to do that 50 to 150 basis point expansion, as we continue to move ahead.
Peter Appert  Piper Jaffray: Got it. Thank you and then just last thing, Gene or Chris any comments in terms of sales force productivity, and leverage youre seeing from that, Gene you sort of mention that I guess, to my earlier question.
Eugene Hall: Yeah, so basically on sales force productivity, theres two things going on. One is, for our tenured sales people, we continue to work very hard to drive that sales productivity, we see that rising over time. And then obviously, as we add more new sales people that changes the mix, in their first year or so, our new sales people have lower productivity and so, if we have a richer mix of new sales people in the first year obviously that impacts the kind of average productivity.
Peter Appert  Piper Jaffray: Got it, okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you and your next question comes from the line of William Bird, Lazard. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Bill Bird  Lazard: Good morning. Nice results guys. Just a follow-on related to contract value, just given in the macro context and some of the seasoning thats going on in the sales force, when would you expect contract value growth to get back in 15% plus range?
Eugene Hall: Hey. Its Gene. We are not, as Peter mentioned earlier, we dont forecast contract value, but as I mentioned I think we expect to see  weve got a great pipeline as we see the large numbers of people that we added in the latter part of last year get up to speed we expect an acceleration over time. So I think were talking in the second half into 2013.
Bill Bird  Lazard: And at this stage, just given the macro volatility, have you seen any of that translate to business on the ground?
Eugene Hall: The thing that  its clearly a tough macro environment everywhere, but the thing that IT is really important for every institution as I mentioned in my talk and what we see impacts our performance more than anything else is our execution as opposed to the macroeconomic factors. As I mentioned and Chris also mentioned, we had double digit growth in every geography and in every industry segment, again this quarter even though the economic environment is not that great. And again if we look beneath that through the individual sales teams that do well versus dont do well, it really is driven by economic  I mean its really driven by our operational performance, not the economic environment. IT is a great way to save costs in the institution and when people have those kinds of issues, we help them with that. And so its really applicable  our services are really applicable in any kind of environment.
Bill Bird  Lazard: Okay. And just final question on Events, what are you seeing in advanced bookings for exhibitors and attendees?
Chris Lafond: Hey, Bill, its Chris. As you know, we monitor that very closely, if you look at our, for example upcoming fall symposiums, the advanced exhibitors are looking great well ahead of last year, so continuing to look really strong. If you look back at all the events weve had so far this year, all of them  almost every event weve had is up year-over-year both in attendees and exhibitors so weve got really strong performance. Everything we see so far continues to suggest that well continue so we see no indication of anything other than that.
Bill Bird  Lazard: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Manav Patnaik, Barclays. Please go ahead.
Manav Patnaik  Barclays: Thank you, good morning gentlemen. Just to expand on the sales productivity area. Can you maybe give us some color on what the productivity looks by region? Is Europe because of the economic situation there, it may be slightly less than U.S. and Asia or just some characteristics around the different regions?
Eugene Hall: Yeah. So, our  its Gene, our sales productivity varies on a number of factors not just geography, its things like are they selling to large companies versus small companies versus mid-sized companies, is it a market where weve got a very large counter value base or one that we entered relatively recently. So, for example, some places in China, we might have entered more recently not have as big a contract value base, so not as be of renewals. So, all those things affected, you have to look at all those. But if I would kind of summarize above that to sort of say, whats going on by geography, to get back to original question, is there is no major driver that says, gee were getting, things are doing worse because the economic problem somewhere is worse and in fact, our  if you look in Europe just as an example, they  their performance year-over-year was among the best in our entire  if you look at across all the regions despite the economic environment. As I mentioned, we had double-digit growth everywhere in Europe, in fact year-over-year was one of the stronger performers. So, its really again driven by our operational execution, not by the market  not so much by the market environment.
Manav Patnaik  Barclays: All right. And then you obviously grew sales force, again 18% year-over-year this quarter. I guess, just to try and get an update on sort of the hiring environment, I mean obviously people out there are looking for jobs, but just in terms of the quality and attrition rates, maybe just an update on that?
Eugene Hall: Yes. So, our attrition rates are right where they have been. Our sales force attrition hasnt changed materially. So, thats going great. In fact, were very focused on actually lowering it because we would like to have people to stay longer, particularly making sure we hire people that are a really good fit with Gartner.
Manav Patnaik  Barclays: All right, again the last question, just for the Ideas acquisition, like was there any contribution to revenue, contract value, et cetera this quarter and maybe should we expect anything for the next two?
Chris Lafond: Hi, Manav. Its Chris. The Ideas acquisition, as you know, is a very, very small organization. So, theres really no material impact to revenue, EBITDA, CV. The only place that there was anything even remotely material was the $0.02 of acquisition-related charges that we talked about. That number will be $0.03 for the full year. So, weve already taken a bulk of that and for the rest of the year it should not be material to our results at all.
Manav Patnaik  Barclays: All right, great. Thanks a lot of guys.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Tim McHugh, William Blair. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Tim  William Blair: Yes, thanks. Just want to circle back to the contribution margin for Research. I know there is inherent leverage in the business, but its been  its particularly strong this quarter. Was there anything that youre seeing in terms of the efficiency of the research organization or something else that explains it or is it really just normal operating leverage?
Chris Lafond: No, nothing unusual. No one-time things. I would say its just normal ongoing operation of the business. I think as we continue to grow the Research business, we know how to manage those costs. We know how to take advantage of the leverage in that business. So I wouldnt say there was anything unique or different, there are periods of time where we have timing of different things that bounce between quarters, so you may see a particular quarter a little stronger. But overall I think for the full year, we still expect that well see a nice expansion in that segment.
Tim  William Blair: Okay. And then just on the uses of cash here, you talked about buying back stock, it was a little lower this quarter than the prior few quarters. Is that because youre looking for acquisitions and youre waiting to see how things were happening or is it just the normal timing and I guess what does that mean for the second half in terms of uses?
Chris Lafond: Yeah. I think theres just normal timing between quarters. I think if you look at the half, were basically right where we expect to be in terms of our share repurchase program. And yes we were looking at  we always look at acquisitions and continue to look at acquisitions. We obviously used some money for one this quarter. But, I would expect that youll continue to see us be in the market on a regular basis and it could be lumpy every quarter, but overall well continue to be in the market.
Tim  William Blair: Okay. And my last one. The number of organizations, the growth really picked up there and was a little better than I would have thought. Was that fairly evenly spread or are there particular regions or markets that drove that?
Chris Lafond: Its pretty well balanced, when you look at our overall contract value growth and you look at the overall growth in CV by either geography, industry, it is extremely well balanced across all of that, so I wouldnt point out any individual place that was particularly stronger or weaker than anywhere else. So I would say, continues to be very balanced.
Tim  William Blair: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Bill Sutherland, Northland Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Bill Sutherland  Northland Securities: Thanks very much. Just want to be clear, Chris, on the trend, contract optimization revenue. Thats just a push out, correct? You dont see  I mean its not like a headwind that youre dealing with?
Chris Lafond: No, not at all, if you look at our Consulting business, as I talked about on the call, our Core Consulting and Benchmark businesses had a really strong year-over-year performance so continuing the strength we saw in Q1. So those were both up a combined 9%, FX neutral. Contract optimization can be a little bit lumpy as the nature of that business depends on when clients choose to do a particular IT purchase transactions and so weve completed some work on few deals that we already see coming into Q3 so those have just slipped from Q2 to Q3. So we still feel very confident that the guidance weve given in the businesses performing exactly as wed expected.
Eugene Hall: Bill, its Gene. Ill just give a little color on that which is, the way that business works is we do the work helping the client and we get paid when they actually sign the contract and we had a few deals that we actually, as Chris said, completed work in actually during Q2 but they signed the contract in like the first couple weeks of Q3. So we dont get paid until then. And our expectation is that those deals will just enhance our Q3 business with that segment.
Bill Sutherland  Northland Securities: Makes sense. I just thought since its tied to client purchases and that might be a place where the economys having some impact? So I just want to be clear on that.
Eugene Hall: Yeah, actually, if anything  Bill, just one thought on that, if anything its the opposite which is that, theres $3.1 trillion or $3.2 trillion of IT purchases, we cover a teeny portion of that. And the  that business is in very high demand, because people  in places where people are under cost pressures, thats a great way to save money. And so if anything I think there is  when times are tough is when that business shines the best.
Bill Sutherland  Northland Securities: Makes sense. I wondered if you will  I was looking to see if you release this in the past or talked about churn, customer churn, in terms of either voluntary, like deciding to end the service, or involuntary related to corporate activity and if thats shifting at all?
Chris Lafond: Hey, Bill. Its Chris. So I would say if you look at our client retention rates, our client retention rates are at essentially all-time high, so I think were at 83% this quarter which is up from where we were, by another point. As we always talked about our longer-term goal, we believe were driving towards a 90% number there. We think there is certainly some activity thats related to acquisitions, bankruptcies et cetera. So, there is some percentage of accounts that we cant necessarily control, because of those things. I would not say there is any meaningful shift in anything weve seen, I think our retention rates continue to improve and continued to improve with all the activities that were taking to work on that.
Bill Sutherland  Northland Securities: So 90% is kind of like the natural ceiling potentially?
Chris Lafond: I mean where we are today, we certainly have set a target to get 90% and as we get there, as we always do with you guys, well share with you what we think we can do as we get to those numbers. So, were always going to be strive to be better than where we are today.
Eugene Hall: Yeah, just to add  its Gene, just to add to it  were actually quite optimistic that we can continue to increase that retention, as Chris said, over time.
Bill Sutherland  Northland Securities: Great. And then last one from me, on research contract terms, what proportion are annual and what proportion are multi-year?
Chris Lafond: As you know, the minimum contract length for the most part is one year, we have about a third of our contracts are multi-year at any point in time. And when you look at contract value, the only thing in contract value, its all annualized. So even if we have multi-year contracts, youre only seeing one years worth of CV in that number. So the multi-year does not affect our CV number.
Bill Sutherland  Northland Securities: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Anjun Singh, Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Kelly Flynn  Credit Suisse: Hi, this is Kelly Flynn on Anjuns line, thanks. Just a couple of questions, sorry to go back to this, I think this is the third time on the back half contract value thoughts, but I think in response to Bills question, Gene, you said youre very confident and you mentioned something about the second half and into 2013 with respect to acceleration. Couldnt quite hear exactly what you said there, Im not sure what you mean, were obviously trying to figure out if you expect contract value growth to accelerate in the second half or is this a 2013 issue? So, if you just go back to that comment and clarify that would be helpful? Thanks.
Eugene Hall: Sure, Kelly. So, we dont forecast contract value growth, so were not going to give a forecast for what the number is going to be, but what Im saying basically is that we have capacity in place. Were executing well and we think we can continue to execute well. And as a result, Im quite optimistic that over time our contract value growth will accelerate.
Kelly Flynn  Credit Suisse: Okay. All right, fair enough. And then for the sales force growth I know you said 15% to 20% for the year, which is consistent with past comments. Should we expect that to come in towards the lower end of the 155 to 20% in the back half given what youve done in the first half?
Eugene Hall: Yeah. Again, I think were  we gave the 15% to 20% based on our operational performance, and so and we look for areas where we see the best opportunities to add sales people and theres a rate at which people can productively come onboard and we gauge based on looking at actually our operational ability to assimilate new people and we think the floor of that 15%, we can easily do 15% and we think kind of right now, the maximum to do is 20% and so its not like we have a fixed number or aiming towards more of that, we do it on an operational, what makes sense operationally.
Kelly Flynn  Credit Suisse: Okay great and then just a third one back to sales force productivity, I think I backed into kind of how you guys calculated with some help from Brian about the NCVI per salesperson, net contract value increase per sales person. Im just wondering if that looked like the decline widened a little bit in the quarter year-over-year. Can you help us understand sort of how do you  how should we think about that metric, the net contract value increase per salesperson, should that increase sequentially in the third quarter or should the decline narrow? I mean can you give us any help on how we can measure improvements in that metric in our model?
Chris Lafond: Hi, Kelly. Its Chris.
Kelly Flynn  Credit Suisse: Hi.
Chris Lafond: Yeah, great question and so as you know  we certainly accelerated and had to do lot of hiring of new people in the first part of this year and when you look at sales productivity, weve certainly had a much richer mix of new people versus existing people and so that certainly has an impact as you look quarter-to-quarter on how that productivity measure trends. So our trend continues to move ahead. So productivity is moving as we had expected to move, we certainly expect as we get into the back half of the year that of all of those people become fully trained, get more productive, we start to see that productivity increase as we go through the year. So and then obviously well depend on how many more sales people we add towards the back half of the year or early next year. So there is a number of factors that will affect that and its a question of when those people come on board, what that mix looks like. As we talk about all the time, I think the key thing for everybody to remember is, growing your sales force 15% to 20% with normal sales force turnover in the 15%, 17% range, you are going to have 35%-ish of your sales force in the first year, thats a big number to manage. And that will move over time depending on when we bring those people in and that will impact the quarterly productivity numbers. So I think for us the key is to keep watching, to make sure that as we look at the details below it as in terms of the productivity of new people, productivity as people go through their tenure that we feel those things are moving in the right direction and thats exactly what we feel today.
Kelly Flynn  Credit Suisse: Okay, thank so much. That was helpful.
Operator: Thank you. And your question comes from Brian Karimzad, Goldman Sachs. Thank you.
Brian Karimzad  Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning. So on that net new salesperson youre putting on the ground. Can you get more specific on what types of opportunities and framework of opportunities you are putting against  them against versus the existing sales force? And then on the training side, to the extent you needed to make adjustment there, are you ready if you need you to put some work expense behind accelerating some efforts there and making sure the productivity gets up to speed in the short-term and get 2013 on track?
Eugene Hall: Yeah. Hi, Brian. Its Gene. So first on the opportunity side, we have identified today 108,000 institutions as potential clients, of which only about 27,000 are actually assigned to a sales territory today. And so as we add new salespeople, we have plenty and plenty of opportunities, we know where there are today, its just a matter of we dont have enough salespeople yet. So when we bring the salespeople on, we do one or two things. We take some of those new territories, some of that, roughly 70,000 institutions that are not yet assigned to a salesperson. The other thing we do is, as Chris mentioned, we have normal sales force turnover and so when somebody leaves us we obviously replace them with another sales person and they get that. And so its a combination of  it could be replacing an the existing sales territory or we could be bringing a whole new territory. And that happens in the U.S., it happens in Europe and it happens in Asia, all three of those. With respect to training, we have a huge  we know that we want to have  grow our sales force 15% to 20% a year and were going to have order of magnitude 15% turnover which is again normal turnover. So as Chris said, were going to have like 30% or 35% people in their first year every year. So, recruiting and training are a huge focus for us and we have taken our training program from very basic five years ago to being what people  when we hire experience sales  when they go through our training program, they say its the best training program they have ever seen. And, were not stopping there. We know, to your point, how important it is and so well continue to enhance those programs over time, its a source of continuing investments its not static in anyway whatsoever. Same thing with recruiting by the way, we are always focused on how do we identify people that are most likely to be successful, how do we get better, better and better over time, so our sales force turnover is lower and our initial productivity is higher.
Brian Karimzad  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And Chris for those of us keeping the box score, if we wanted to include the acquisition, the Ideas acquisition in our ACV number, it looks like it was about $9 million revenue run rate last year. Is that kind of a fair amount to kind of pop in there as we back it out?
Chris Lafond: Their revenue is not all Research revenue, they have some Consulting and other revenues and so, what I would  what I would say, as we talked about earlier, its not material to the results. So, I wouldnt  its not going to move the needle either way.
Brian Karimzad  Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Dan Leben, Robert W Baird. Your line is open.
Dan Leben  Robert W Baird: Great, thanks for taking my question. Gene, you talked about the sales productivity having some variances between the size of customers. Could you just talk about what youre seeing there and any trends within the different customer sizes?
Eugene Hall: No, I mean I think basically its the same trends weve seen, theres nothing new there. Basically the  and I think thats true about the customer size and by geography. Some geographies, our sales  well use more selling by telephones like that and so no material change in that at all.
Dan Leben  Robert W Baird: Okay. And can you just give us an indication of the magnitude of the contract optimization that we should think about being additive to the third quarter, those bigger deals that slipped?
Chris Lafond: Hey, its Chris. So, just when you look at the contract optimization business, if you look at it standalone just remember contract optimization is kind of 10%, 15% of the overall Consulting business so thats the kind of magnitude. That business was down probably 20% to 25% year-over-year, so theres probably $3 million to $4 million of immediate impact of things that we think will slip from  did slip and were already seeing coming into Q3.
Dan Leben  Robert W Baird: Great, thanks. And last one from me, just on the Consulting backlog, down a little bit sequentially and just if you could talk a little bit about, is there an FX impact in the backlog as well as just overall trends down a couple of quarters in a row from a really strong number in the fourth quarter?
Chris Lafond: Yeah. So, just a couple of points on backlog. The first thing thats really important to note is the months of backlog, so were still trending at around four months which is exactly where we want to be. So, we feel really good about the months of backlog that we have. FX is a pretty minimal impact to backlog, so I wouldnt say that that was a driver. If you look back we had a particularly strong Q1 in Europe with backlog, so we certainly expected to work some of that backlog down. And so from where we are today, we feel very confident that the backlog is where it should be and its supporting what we think we should be delivering in the back half of the year.
Dan Leben  Robert W Baird: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Eric Boyer, Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Eric Boyer  Wells Fargo: Yeah. Thanks. So can you remind us what the tax rate assumption was for the year and then what youre now expecting for 2012?
Chris Lafond: Yeah. The tax rate  the effective tax rate of 32% to 33% and we still expect to be in that range. It was a little lower this quarter because we had some credits that were booked this quarter related to our Stamford headquarters and some credits we received from the State of Connecticut. So, but overall well be still in that 32% to 33% range.
Eric Boyer  Wells Fargo: And then just on the sales force growth, could you talk about the areas where youre focusing the most in terms of verticals and geographies?
Eugene Hall: Hey, its Gene. So, the  we are growing our sales force basically everywhere, in geographies, everywhere and sized companies and everywhere in industries because theres opportunities in all those spaces and  its operationally. So for example, we dont want to grow one team 50%  if were going to average 15% to 20%. We dont really want to grow one team 70% or 80% and one team 5% because the team thats growing 70% or 80% would be very hard operationally to manage. So, we try to keep all the industries and all the verticals and all the geographies growing in kind of a range. That range could be higher than our talk of higher than 20% in some very fast growing particular markets. But, and could be a little bit low if we see that theres an area where we think operationally the team needs to some changes before we had a lot of head count. But, you can think about were growing in all the geographies, all the industries and all-size clients.
Eric Boyer  Wells Fargo: Could you give us a sense of some of those faster growing markets you just talked about?
Eugene Hall: Yeah. So, it wont surprise you. Its places that are the faster growing economies in the world. For example, in some parts of Asia, wed be at the higher end of those ranges as opposed to the lower end of the range. Weve grown very  Peoples Republic of China, for example, weve grown faster than the kind of 20% that we talked about there.
Eric Boyer  Wells Fargo: Okay, and then are you seeing any change in the pace of opportunities adding the sales pipeline for either Research or Consulting?
Eugene Hall: Well, I mean basically we have a very robust pipeline and we track this very systemically in terms of opportunities and it looks very robust.
Eric Boyer  Wells Fargo: And then just the length of the sales cycle, any changes there other than that one piece of the Consulting business you talked about?
Eugene Hall: Yeah, I would say, no  no changes in selling cycle, one of the things that weve gotten very good at in this economy is where clients have cost problems they need to deal with, budget problems they need to deal with, we know how to talk with them and how to make sure were helping with them in being front and center or as part of the solution and so, even in areas where there are big budget concerns and things like that were pretty good at addressing those. So, yeah, no change in the selling cycle were seeing.
Eric Boyer  Wells Fargo: All right, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Bill Sutherland, Northland Capital Markets. Your line is open. Thank you.
Bill Sutherland  Northland Securities: Chris, just a quick follow up, because I think I may have missed your commentary about FX impact in the second half of the year either revenue or CV?
Chris Lafond: Hey Bill, its Chris, effectively we dont try to forecast foreign exchange; we never have. So, basically we look at where the exchange rates are today and we look forward and so all of our current assumptions assume, FX is kind of where it is today. If it moves dramatically, well come back and tell you what the impact is. If you look at where we are through the first half in the second quarter, we probably had a kind of 3 to 4 point impact on top line, similar impact on expense and not a huge impact on the bottom line, but well see where it goes for the remainder of the year.
Bill Sutherland  Northland Securities: So from  I guess on that, given rates where they are today, what would it do to the second half?
Chris Lafond: Well, we just reconfirmed our guidance that we put out, so right now we still believe with the foreign exchange at the levels they are today, we will still be in the range of the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year.
Bill Sutherland  Northland Securities: Okay. Thanks, Chris.
Chris Lafond: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) There are no other questions waiting at the moment. Thank you.
Brian Shipman: Okay. Thanks for joining us, everyone. If you have any follow up questions, feel free to call my office at 203-316-3659 and have a great weekend.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Eugene Hall  Chief Executive Officer Christopher Lafond  Chief Financial Officer Brian Shipman  Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Peter Appert  Piper Jaffray William Bird  Lazard Robert Riggs  William Blair Manav Patnaik  Barclays Kelly Flynn  Credit Suisse Dan Leben  Robert W. Baird Brian Karimzad  Goldman Sachs 
Operator:  Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Garners Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter 2012. A replay of this call will be available through June 4, 2012. The replay can be accessed by dialing 888-286-8010 for domestic calls and 617-801-6888 for international calls and by entering the pass code 92101447. This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be archived on Gartners website at www.gartner.com for approximately 90 days. I will now turn the conference over to Brian Shipman, Gartners Group Vice President of Investor Relations for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Shipman: Thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to Gartners First Quarter 2012 Earnings call. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall, and our Chief Financial Officer, Chris Lafond. This call will begin with a discussion of Q1 2012 financial results disclosed in todays press release, followed by an opportunity for you to ask questions. Id like to remind everyone that the press release is available on our website. That URL is www.gartner.com. Before we begin, we need to remind you that certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the Companys 2011 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any of its forward-looking statements. With that, Id like to hand the call over to Gartners Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. Gene?
Eugene Hall: Good morning everyone. Welcome to our first earnings call for 2012. We had a great first quarter and our business is performing extraordinarily well. We continue to experience the strong growth trends we saw in 2011 and our business accelerated in all three segments. As youll hear in more detail from Chris, Gartner is in the strongest position weve ever been. Research, our largest and most profitable segment, continues to grow at double-digit growth rates. Consulting had its strongest quarter in years and events continued to exceed our long-term growth targets. Normalized EBITDA was up 11% and diluted earnings per share was up 24% over first quarter 2011. These results demonstrate the strength achieved through successful execution of our consistent strategy. Our sales capabilities were the strongest weve ever had. The productivity of our new hires is on a great trajectory and were bringing in strong talent. We continue to invest in our sales force and benefit from great sales leadership.  I recently spent several days at a meeting with several hundred of our top performing sales associates. They are excited about Gartner. They know we deliver a huge value to our clients and they also know the importance and relevance of our insights within our client organizations is growing. Why? Because IT is one of the most important drivers of growth and competitive advantage for virtually every institution in the world, and IT is complex and continuously evolving. Whether an organization is looking to leverage technology to achieve rapid growth or whether they are looking to manage costs, Gartner is the best resource these professionals can turn to for help, and our assistance often makes the difference between success and failure for our clients. Because of this, we benefit from a vast untapped market opportunity for our services which, as I stated before, we estimate at $47 billion.  There are hundreds of thousands of IT and supply chain professionals who could potentially be Gartner clients but had never been educated on the value we can provide. The same is true of our events business, which continues to deliver extraordinary performance.  We have the right strategy to capture this opportunity. As some of you know, the fundamentals of our strategy are to create extraordinary research insights, to build strong sales capability, to deliver high value differentiated offerings, to provide world-class service, and to continually improve our operational effectiveness. This consistent strategy is driving our growth and will allow us to maintain sustained double-digit growth over time. I remain confident in and excited about our prospects for sustained accelerated growth. The Gartner brand is in a class by itself. Our products, services and people are superior to the competition and we have a successful and attractive business model.  We delivered another successive quarter of strong growth and were well poised to achieve strong results in 2012 and beyond. As youll hear from Chris in a minute, we demonstrated growth across all three of our business segments as well as in normalized EBITDA and diluted EPS. Our business model is attractive with high renewal rates, great cash flow, and incremental margins, and we have the right strategy to achieve our goals. Finally, were well positioned to achieve our long-term targets with the leading brand in IT and supply chain research, a strong value proposition for our clients, great operational capabilities, and a vast untapped market opportunity. With that, Ill hand the call over to Chris so he can comment in detail on our performance.
Christopher Lafond: Thanks, Gene. Good morning everyone. 2012 is off to a strong start. In the first quarter, we once again achieved double-digit growth in revenue, earnings, and cash flow. Each of our three segments delivered strong results and contributed meaningfully to our overall Q1 performance. In research, year-over-year contract value growth remains strong at 14% and retention rates ended at or near all-time highs. In consulting, year-over-year revenue growth of 6% was at the high end of our long-term expectations, and in events both the attendees and exhibitors increased by double digits year-over-year, resulting in 31% year-over-year revenue growth. Demand for our services was robust across all three business segments in the first quarter. Our strong top line performance and effective execution in capitalizing on the operating leverage in our business allowed us to once again expand our growth contribution margin which is now at 61%, up from 59% in Q1 2011. As a result, we delivered significant growth in earnings in Q1. In the first quarter, normalized EBITDA increased 11% year-over-year and our GAAP diluted earnings per share were up 24%. With this strong start, we are well positioned for continued growth for the remainder of 2012. These results again demonstrate the continued successful execution of our strategy, our ability to deliver consistently on the long-term financial objectives weve communicated over the past several years, and the overall value we bring to strategic IT initiatives of our clients.  Ill now review the results of our three business segments in more detail and then well take your questions. Let me begin with research. First quarter research revenue was up 13% to 275 million with a negligible impact from foreign exchange in the quarter. The margin in this segment increased 110 basis points year-over-year to 68.7% as our strong execution continues to capitalize on the operating leverage inherent in this business. All of our key research business metrics remained very strong in the first quarter. Contract value grew to a record level of 1.111 billion, a growth rate of 14% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis. Our growth in contract value in Q1 remained extremely broad based with all geographies, client sizes, and industry segments delivering strong year-over-year growth. New business again increased from last year, continuing the trends weve seen since late 2009. The new business mix was balanced between sales to new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. While our contract value growth continues to benefit from our discipline of annual price increases and no discounting, approximately 85% of our contract value growth came from volume with the balance coming from price increases. This volume growth reflects our success in continuing to grow the business by penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing clients, and as a result we ended the quarter with 12,303 client organizations, up 6% year-over-year; and as for pricing, weve consistently increased our prices by 3 to 6% per year on an annual basis since 2005, and that remains our plan again in 2012. Weve maintained client retention near record highs for the past two years, and our client retention rate ended the quarter at 82%. In addition to retaining our research clients at an impressive rate, the clients we retain continue to increase their spending with Gartner and as a result, wallet retention also remains strong at 99%. Wallet retention is higher than client retention due a combination of increased spending by retained clients and the fact that we retained a higher percentage of our largest clients. As weve discussed in the past, our retention metrics are reported on a four-quarter rolling basis in order to eliminate any seasonality.  In summary, our research segment continued its strong performance in the first quarter. We grew our contract value by $134 million on an FX-neutral basis year-over-year. We continued to see strong demand from clients, and we expect continued acceleration in revenue and contract value growth over time. We remain confident in our ability to deliver 15 to 20% annual revenue growth in this business over the long term. Turning now to events, our events business continued to deliver exceptionally strong year-over-year growth. Events revenue in the first quarter increased 29% year-over-year on a reported basis and 31% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. During the first quarter, we held 13 events with 5,707 attendees, compared to 11 events with 4,337 attendees in the first quarter of 2011. On a same events basis, total attendees at our events during Q1 were up 13% year-over-year and exhibitors were up 12%, in line with the guidance we provided to you for the full year 2012.  We are seeing strength in every geography and across the entire portfolio. Our events business is well positioned to deliver continued growth throughout 2012 and beyond. Moving now to consulting, revenues in our consulting business grew 6% in the first quarter, again with a negligible impact from foreign exchange. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for consulting, ended the quarter at 95.5 million or a healthy four months of backlog. This is 10% higher than at the end of the first quarter of 2011 and the largest year-over-year increase in a Q1 since 2008. Our pipeline looks equally solid as we enter the second quarter. Billable headcount of 476 was down 1% from the first quarter of 2011. Utilization for Q1 was over 70%, up 260 basis points from the first quarter a year ago, and revenue from billable headcount remained above $400,000 per year, ending the quarter at 437,000. With a strong first quarter, a four-month existing backlog, and a strong future pipeline, the consulting business is on track to deliver a strong performance in 2012. Moving down the income statement, during the first quarter our total gross contribution margin increased by 134 basis points year-over-year to 61%. This increase was driven by margin improvements in all three of our segments as we expanded margins while significantly growing each segment; and in particular, the successful execution of our strategy continues to capitalize on the high incremental margins and operating leverage inherent in our research business.  SG&A increased by 21 million year-over-year during the first quarter. The increase was primarily attributable to the continued growth in our sales force. As of March 31, we had 1,288 quota-bearing sales associates as compared to 1,091 a year ago, which represents 18% growth year-over-year, and this is in line with our long-term target for growing our sales force by 15 to 20% per year. As we discussed during our last earnings call, our aggressive hiring in Q4 put us in a great position to start the year, and we continue to see a strong recruiting pipeline with high quality potential candidates. Moving on to earnings, we delivered another strong quarter of solid earnings growth. Normalized EBITDA was 71 million in the first quarter, up 11% year-over-year, and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.36, up 24% year-over-year. Our normalized EBITDA margin was 19.3%, and all of this is consistent with the phase-in guidance we laid out at our investor day in February. Now turning to cash, our strong performance in the first quarter translated into significant year-over-year increase in cash from operations, which was 18 million as compared to negative 25 million in Q1 of 2011. Q1 is our seasonally lowest quarter for operating cash flow given the timing of our annual bonus and commission payments and other factors. Over the long term, we continue to expect to generate free cash flow substantially greater than our net income, given our tight cash management and the negative working capital characteristics of our research business.  During the first quarter, we utilized our cash to return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program. We repurchased almost 2 million shares at a total cost of over $77 million. We also announced our intention to acquire Ideas International for roughly 20 million, which we expect will close in the second quarter.  We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet and cash position with net debt of $101 million. Our current credit facility runs through December 2015 and at this time provides us with almost 330 million of remaining borrowing capacity. We have ample cash flow and liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive increased shareholder value. We continue to look for attractive acquisition opportunities as a potential use of cash. In the absence of appropriate acquisition opportunities, we believe that repurchasing our shares remains a compelling use of capital, and we have 237 million remaining under our Board authorization.  Let me close with our business outlook for 2012. Our business remains well positioned for another year of strong growth in revenues and earnings. The first quarter modestly exceeded our original expectations with particularly strong performances in both consulting and events. Coupled with our continued careful expense management, we once again delivered double-digit growth in earnings. We remain confident in the guidance we provided at the start of the year, given this strong start. So to summarize, we delivered great results in the first quarter of 2012 and demand for our services is strong. We generated double-digit revenue growth and our key business metrics remain solid in the first quarter of 2012. Our initiatives to improve operational effectiveness coupled with the positive operating leverage inherent in our businesses delivered strong operating margins, and we continued to generate substantial operating cash flow. As always, were actively exploring strategic alternatives for deploying our cash. We will continue to invest in our business and return capital to our shareholders through our share repurchase program, and we expect to repurchase shares throughout 2012. Finally, with double-digit growth in contract value in the first quarter, we established a solid foundation for delivering a strong year of revenue and earnings growth in 2012. We remain well positioned to continue our consistent delivery of double-digit revenue and earnings growth and increasing returns to our shareholders over the long term. We will now be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to ask a question, please press star followed by one on your touchtone telephone. If your question has been answered or you wish to withdraw your question, press star followed by two. Press star, one to begin, and please stand by for your first question. Your first question comes from the line of Peter Appert, Piper Jaffray. Thank you.
Peter Appert  Piper Jaffray: Thanks, good morning. So Chris or Gene, I know you dont give guidance, obviously, on contract value; but I was hoping you might give us a little color in terms of what your expectations are in terms of what that number should look like over the balance of 2012. I ask this, obviously, in the context of the sales force growth you had last year, when we start to see the impact from that in terms of the CV number. Thanks.
Eugene Hall: Hey Peter, its Gene. Great question. So as weve talked about before, the way sales force growth works basically is when we hire salespeople, we bring them on board, train them. They then have their first year of sales, which theyre not as effective as in their second year. The second year, theyre up to full productivity in sales, and then that turns into contract value during that second year which then turns into revenue, really, during their third year. And so if you look at our hiring from last year, which was intended to be more back-end loaded through the year  we hired more aggressively toward the second half of the year  youd start to see the impact of contract value reallyfrom those guys, the big impact is going to be in 2013, not in 2012. And Chris, you want to add anything to that?
Christopher Lafond: No. Peter, I think the only other thing I would add to that, as you know, we track and monitor sales productivity consistently, and so as we add sales resources, we do it with a knowledge that they are coming up to speed. The new hires are coming up to speed nicely for us. We feel really good about sales productivity, and so were not looking for one quarter as vindication for a certain strategy of continuing to hire. We think that over the long term, we are going to be seeing continued growth in our sales force because all of the metrics say that as we do that, what Gene just laid out will continue to materialize. Well continue to see them come up to speed, and over that period of time as they get up to speed, well see that revenue growth and contract value growth ramp. So were very, very confident in the guidance that we give and our ability to drive that research business in the 15 to 20% range as we continue executing the strategy.
Peter Appert  Piper Jaffray: And did you think 15 to 20% is a reasonable number for 2012?
Christopher Lafond: Well, weve given guidance already, Peter, on the revenue line, and so obviously as weve talked about at the fourth quarter last year, the 2012 revenue growth is a function of the contract value we delivered in 2011, and so thats why weve given the guidance weve given for this year  because for the most part, the growth in contract value this year, as you know, tends to be more towards the back end of the year, which will really affect 2013. So we dont give guidance on contract value growth, but we give revenue growth and so as Gene said, we will expect over time to certainly see it ramping as the sales force gets up to speed as continue hiring at the pace were hiring.
Peter Appert  Piper Jaffray: Okay, fair enough. And then you were obviously at the high end, or slightly above the high end, in terms of the sales force expansion last year. Will this year look the same?
Christopher Lafond: Well, what weve said over time is we expect to be in the 15 to 20% range. As we talked about at the end of last year, we saw a great quality of candidates that came in. We hired a little bit ahead and really filled some of the open positions that we had hoped to hire early in Q1 of 2012, at the end of 2011. So actually, were in a much better position starting this year and getting people up to speed early in the year, so hopefully well have a stronger back half of the year with more people early on. So I still expect us to be in the 15 to 20% range, and thats where we would expect to be over time.
Peter Appert  Piper Jaffray: Got it, okay. One last thing  Chris, EBITDA margin flat year-to-year around 19.3%. Anything to read into that in terms of your longer term expectation that you can grow the margins, I think its 100 to 150 BPs a year?
Christopher Lafond: No, not at all. I think that as we talked about at the end of last quarter, we certainly hired pretty aggressively the sales force. We knew that would impact Q1 in terms of we had a lot more people on board in sales in Q1 than we did at the prior year. We still feel very comfortable over time to drive that margin up at the 50 to 150 basis points per year, and as weve talked about many times, getting that into the mid-20s is exactly where we still expect to be able to drive the business. 
Peter Appert  Piper Jaffray: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of William Bird, Lazard. Please go ahead.
William Bird  Lazard: Good morning. On the topic of sales force growth, was there any particular reason why the sequential sales force growth was somewhat low at 1.5%? Youve been throttling at 4 to 5. Just wondering if there was any market factor or any other explanation. Thank you.
Eugene Hall: Hey, its Gene. No, there was no market factor. What happened basically was we have a terrific recruiting team, built a pipeline of people. We had a very strong pipeline in Q4. We just closed people more. We hired more people in Q4 from that pipeline that we expected we were going to hire in Q1, so I think basically its just we hired a little ahead of where we thought we would be in the pipeline. So theres no reason, and I think, again as Chris, we fully expect our sales force growth this year to be again in the 15 to 20% range. We were just fortunate enough to be a little ahead.
William Bird  Lazard: And then on productivity, are there any other factors just beyond the on-boarding dilution that might be weighing on productivity?
Eugene Hall: So actually on productivity, we take our productivity and disaggregate it between experienced people and new people, and what were seeing basically is that in our experienced people, the productivity is doing great and actually weve been seeing with each class of new hires weve been hiring that in fact the productivity has been increasing over time. But obviously if you have more of those new hires who in their first year, as I mentioned, have lower productivity, that can take the overall numberit dilutes the overall number a little bit, as you pointed out.
William Bird  Lazard: And then just finally, I was just wondering if you could touch on Europe. How are trends holding up there?
Eugene Hall: So weve had great growth across all geographies, including Europe. No big issues.
William Bird  Lazard: I might have missed it  did you give a growth number of Europe?
Christopher Lafond: Hey Bill, its Chris. No, we dontweve not broken that out. We dont break out growth by geography. What I will tell you is if you look across all three businesses, our events are doing great in Europe. Consulting is actually particularly strong in Europe and weve got great backlog growth there, and when you look at research and the CV growth year-over-year, it is extremely balanced, including across the various parts of the world, and Europe continuing to grow double digit as well. So weve seen great growth in all three of our segments in Europe.
William Bird  Lazard: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and your next question comes from the line of Robert Riggs, William Blair. Thank you.
Robert Riggs  William Blair: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Gene, you mentioned recently attending an event with some of your top salespeople. What were some of the common themes or maybe requests from them in terms of additional tools, resources that would maybe help them be more productive?
Eugene Hall: Thats a great question, Robert. Yeah, I was at an event with several hundred of our top salespeople, so it was a great opportunity to kind of network and understand their perspective on how were doing. They had an incredible level of enthusiasm, as you can imagine, because of the kind of unlimited market opportunity that we have and the great market position we have, so its always interesting to go and talk to them.  We have a strategy of continuing to add tools to our sales force over time, as you pointed out, to help improve the productivity of our salespeople over time. We solicit their input all the time as a part of developing that, as so as you point out, they always have some ideas about how to improve those tools, not just for this particular forum but we do it on a systematic basis as well. But you know, they have great tools as it is. Its those things that kind of add another 5% in terms of the tool capability as opposed to theres a big gaping hole somewhere, something like that. And again, we get input there but we do it actually in a more systematic fashion with focus groups and work analysis and stuff like that as well. But they have a great set of tools.
Robert Riggs  William Blair: Great. And then, consulting was strong in the quarter. Was there a particular bucket of work that exceeded expectations, and then maybe if you could just give us an update on the managing partner strategy, how thats progressing in terms of availability of people, bringing people on there. 
Eugene Hall: Its a great question. So our consulting business, weve worked hard over the last couple of years to really get the right strategy in place, and as you pointed out, a big part of that strategy is building a cadre of managing partners. In addition to that, it involves focusing our service lines on the areas that have the highest demand, and both those strategies have been working extraordinarily well as weve gotten them in place. In terms of the actual numbers, Ill let Chris answer that.
Christopher Lafond: Yeah, hey Rob. Its Chris. What I would tell you is weve increased roughly 10% probably in the MP ranks, so as weve talked about over time, this is a multi-year investment. Weve been making that investment while delivering continued great improvements in that business, improving and expanding margins. So were now getting close to 80 managing partners in that business, and we still have some more to go there to fully cover, but we feel really good about the progress.
Robert Riggs  William Blair: Great, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you, and your next question comes from Manav Patnaik, Barclays. Please go ahead.
Manav Patnaik  Barclays: Hey, good morning gentlemen. A few quick questions  on the SG&A line, can you give us a sense of what the nonI guess the (audio interference), the other cost?
Christopher Lafond: I would say the non-sales related costs effectively are probably growing in the 3ish to 4%-ish range. You know, most of the G&A functions were managing and are growing more in that range. We certainly have a few investments in HR to support the growth in other areas, so we have a couple of pockets of places that are probably growing a little faster than that, but the vast majority of the year-over-year growth in the SG&A line is really coming from the continued investment in our sales force.
Manav Patnaik  Barclays: Okay. And can you maybe help us understand theI guess the number of client organizations was down sequentially, and I was just trying to understand if there is a seasonal dynamic to that, or what happened there?
Christopher Lafond: There is a seasonal dynamic. If you look at past years, youll see that oftentimes theres a little bit of a dip in Q1. As you know, Q1 tends to be our lowest quarter of new business and new enterprise growth, and it tends to be more focused on retention as we go through the year and then we have a lot more new enterprises and new businesses coming in towards the back half of the year. So it is a normal kind of seasonal pattern. As you look year-over-year, were still penetrating new organizations, adding new enterprises, so we feel very comfortable with what were seeing in terms of our ability to continue to grow the business and penetrate new clients.
Manav Patnaik  Barclays: And what percentage of renewalsI think you had mentioned last time it is in the fourth quarter, first quarter?
Christopher Lafond: Its relatively balanced. It goes anywhere from probably 22 to 23% in our smallest quarter up to 26, 27%. So every quarter, youre seeing close to 25% of our business come up for renewal, so youre getting a good picture of renewal activity with our retention rates every quarter.
Manav Patnaik  Barclays: Okay, and last question  I guess based on your seasonalor sorry, quarterly phase-in guidance that you provided for EPS, if 19% was what you said for the first quarter, that would imply that the 36 takes you above your guidance range. Are there any changes, I guess, to that?
Christopher Lafond: No, were not seeing any changes, as I talked about. We were modestly above where we expected to be in Q1 primarily because of stronger performances in both consulting and events, and at this point given where we are, were not expecting any changes to our full-year guidance. We have some hiring a little below our original expectations. We certainly expect that to pick back up and hire to the levels of the demand were seeing and the revenue; so as you noticed, for example, consulting headcount was down slightly. Our plan is for that to grow as we continue to see growth in backlog, so youll continue to see expense there. So we right now dont see any changes to full year and where we expect to be.
Manav Patnaik  Barclays: Okay, fair enough. Good job, guys.
Christopher Lafond: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and your next question comes from Kelly Flynn, CS. Thank you.
Kelly Flynn  Credit Suisse: Thanks. Quick question about the financial services industry exposure  can you give a rough estimate of how much of your revenue comes from that sector, and maybe speak to how experience in that sector is tracking versus other sectors; and more broadly, any kind of industry pockets of strength versus weakness globally?
Christopher Lafond: Hey Kelly, its Chris. A couple things I would say  first is our overall mix of business is roughly equates to the overall economy. So when you look at our business mix, were not really overweight or underweight in various industries. Were really balance in terms of how the overall economy looks, and thats how you should think about our business. So we dont necessarily break out individual industries by percentage, but in general we are not dramatically different than the overall economy, so thats one point. The second point is when you look at our contract value growth, no matter how you slice it and dice it, even by industry, almost every industry sector has double-digit growth. Theres a couple that are high single digit, so were very balanced. Everything is growing nicely around the world, including financial services, including public sector. So everything we look at from an industry perspective, I wouldnt point out pockets that are exceptionally strong and I dont need to point out pockets that are exceptionally weak, because everything is pretty well balanced, to be honest.
Kelly Flynn  Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Can I just ask a quick follow-up to Peter Apperts line of questioning? I think, Chris, you made a specific comment in your remarks  I think it was you, Chris  you said expecting continued CV acceleration over time. I just want to make sure Im understanding that properly  I mean, are you basically saying 2013, given the sales force growth, should be a year of acceleration, or are you trying to say it should accelerate from here?
Christopher Lafond: Its a great question. Obviously we dont give contract value guidance, but what weve talked about and what we continue to say is that we are adding sales capacity in the 15 to 20% range. As Gene talked about, it takes some time for them to get up to speed. As they get up to speed, we certainly expect that our growth will continue to accelerate over time. So we didnt make any specific statements about it being in 2013 or certain periods of time because we dont give that guidance, but we certainly do expect continued growth and continued acceleration with the hiring were doing.
Kelly Flynn  Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and your next question comes from Dan Leben, Robert W. Baird. Thank you.
Dan Leben  Robert W. Baird: Great, thanks. Good morning. Just a follow-up on the sales theme  help us think about what youre seeing now in terms of turnover levels, and how that needs to trend to stay in line with the (inaudible) guidance.
Eugene Hall: Hey, its Gene. So the turnover among our salespeople has been consistent for several years. Theres no material difference in turnover, even as the economy has in some places gotten hotter. Our turnover has been very stable. Gartner is a great place to work if youre a salesperson because we have a great brand name, we have this incredible market opportunity, and theres plenty of money-making opportunities for salespeople as well. So if youre a salesperson, its a great place to be. We dont have any trouble retaining our salespeople.
Dan Leben  Robert W. Baird: Great. And then when youre putting those people in the field, could you talk about any particular areas where you see more low-hanging fruit than others, either by vertical or geography?
Eugene Hall: You know, as Chris said earlier, our business pretty much reflects the GDP in each of the markets were in, and were in 85 countries. Were in all size ranges of clients, either from the very largest companies in the world to very small companies, and as weve added salespeople, weve added them across all of the geographies, across all of the industries, across all size ranges. Theres kind of a practical operational reason for that, which is that as we grow our sales force in the 15 to 20% range and then we have normal turnover of that sales force, we have a lot of new people in the sales force. If we grew one area at 50% and another at zero, the 50% growth area has even more new people in it and operationally its just more difficult to manage. So really, our strategy is to growyou know, we see low-hanging fruit across every industry, across every geography and every size range, so were really growing our sales force across each of those. And there may be specific operational reasons, like theyre a little faster or a little slower in one of those, but in general its pretty well distributed.
Dan Leben  Robert W. Baird: Great. And then last one from me  utilization up to 70%. How are you thinking about a target for that metric as you start to ramp up the hiring? Is it somewhere in the low 70s where you want to measure that to?
Christopher Lafond: You know, as weve talked about, Dan, over time, keeping to consistently around 70% has been our objective. There are certainly opportunities as we continue to execute our strategy to maybe bring that up a bit, but we certainly target to stay at 70 and slightly above that, and if we can stay there we feel very comfortable that we can keep delivering on that 40% margin. So ultimately, getting to 40% consistently requires us to stay around that 70% number consistently, so thats what were trying to drive to.
Dan Leben  Robert W. Baird: Great, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you, and your next question comes from Brian Karimzad, Goldman Sachs. Thank you.
Brian Karimzad  Goldman Sachs: Hi. I wonder if you guys can clarify a bit more the growth within verticals, geographies, and client sizes? So when you reported last, you were fairly emphatic that every single one of the verticals, geographies and client sizes was growing research contract value double digits. It sounds like a couple of the verticals has slipped down below that. Can you give us color on whether the geographies and the client sizes, each of those within there, are all at double digits? And then if a couple of the verticals slipped down below double digits, what accelerated to keep the total CV growth stable?
Christopher Lafond: Hey Brian, its Chris. What I would say is its noise around the edges when we look at it; so as I said, we do have some things high single digit, we have some things that are certainly higher double digit. So its no different than usual. Every time we look at our results, every quarter, theres things that move around a little bit plus or minus, so when we looked at the trend lines, we didnt see anything here that jumped out at us as worth kind of describing, either as a high or a low point. So for us, we think its trending exactly as weve seen over the last few quarters with extremely balanced, and I wouldnt say anything dramatically accelerated and nothing dramatically decelerated. We feel very comfortable where everything is right now.
Brian Karimzad  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And just out of curiosity, are those two verticals that were below double, were those financial and government, or was it something else?
Christopher Lafond: As I said, were not going to go into the details of that, Brian. I think at this point, as I said, we feel really comfortable theres no change in trend. We feel really good about the balanced perspective we have, and theres nothing there that I think warrants highlighting.
Brian Karimzad  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then on the sales force turnover, it sounds like on an absolute basis you havent seen anything change, but any difference in mix on the type of salesperson who is leaving, outperformers versus underperformers?
Christopher Lafond: No, absolutely not. Again, we do track exactly who is leaving. We do exit interviews with the vast majority as well to understand why they are leaving in detail, and we use that to feed that back into the organization for both recruiting and how we manage. Theres no change at all, basically, in terms of why people leave.
Brian Karimzad  Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you, and thats all the time we have for Q&A. Now Id like to turn the call over to Brian Shipman. Thank you.
Brian Shipman: Thanks everyone for listening and well speak to you next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Shipman - VP of IR Gene Hall - CEO Chris Lafond - CFO
Analysts: Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray Dave Lewis - JPMorgan Robert Riggs - William Blair William Bird - Lazard Bill Sutherland - Northland Capital Markets Brian Karimzad - Goldman Sachs Dan Leben - Robert W. Baird Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Gartner's earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full year 2011. A replay of this call will be available through March 7, 2012. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-888-286-8010 for domestic calls, and 617-801-6888 for international calls; and by entering the passcode 57406329. This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be archived on Gartner's website at www.gartner.com for approximately 90 days. I will now turn the conference over to Brian Shipman, Gartner's Group Vice President of Investor Relations for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Shipman: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartner's fourth quarter and full year 2011 earnings conference call. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, Chris Lafond. This call will begin with a discussion of Q4 and full year financial results disclosed in today's press release. We will also discuss our outlook for the company, including our newly issued guidance for 2012, followed by an opportunity for you to ask questions. I'd like to remind everyone that the press release is available on our website, that url is www.gartner.com. Before we begin we need to remind you that certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2010 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. The company undertakes no obligation to update any of its forward-looking statements. I would also like to take the opportunity to remind everyone that we will be hosting our Annual Investor Day on Thursday, February 16 in New York City, and registration is required in advance. If you haven't done so already, please make sure you contact my assistant Germaine Scott at 203-316-3411 to register for the event and she'll provide you with the logistics. With that, I would like to hand the call over to Gartner's Chief Financial Officer, Chris Lafond. Chris?
Chris Lafond: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. We ended 2011 with double-digit growth in revenue, earnings and cash flow. Our results again demonstrate the continued successful execution of our strategy, our ability to consistently deliver on the long-term financial objectives we communicated over the past several years and our overall importance for the strategic IT initiatives of our clients. We saw a continuation of the strong trends in our key business metrics that we delivered during the first three quarters in the year. Year-over-year contract value growth remained strong and retention rates ended at or near all-time highs. Consulting backlog were 8% since the end of Q3 and both attendees and exhibitors at our events increased by double-digits year-over-year. Demand for our services was robust across all of our business segments in the fourth quarter. Our strong topline performance and effective execution and capitalizing on the operating leverage in our business allowed us to once again expand, both our growth contribution and EBITDA margin. As a result, we delivered significant growth in earnings, both in Q4 and for full year. In the fourth quarter normalized EBITDA increased 17% year-over-year and our GAAP diluted earnings per share was up 14%. For the full year, we delivered normalized EBITDA of $279, up 21% from 2010. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.39, up 45% from last year. With the strong finish to 2011, we are well-positioned for continued growth in 2012. I'll now provide a review of our three business segments for the fourth quarter and full year and then conclude with a discussion of our outlook for 2012. Starting with research. Fourth quarter research revenue was up 14% to $263 million with negligible impact in foreign exchange in the quarter. For the full year, research revenue grew 17% to over $1 billion. On an FX neutral basis research revenue grew 14% for the full year in 2011. The margin in this segment increased 220 basis points year-over-year to 66.9% in the fourth quarter, as our strong execution continues to capitalize on the operating leverage in this business. For the full year the contribution margin in our research business grew by 210 basis points to 67.4%. All of our key research business metrics remains fairly strong in the fourth quarter. Contract value grew a record level of $1.116 billion, a growth of 14% year-over-year. As was the case throughout 2011, our growth in contract value in Q4 was extremely broad-based with all geographies, client-sizes and industry segments delivering strong growth year-over-year. New business again increased year-over-year, continuing the trends that we've seen since late 2009. The new business mix was balanced between sales to new clients and sales of additional services and upgrade to existing clients. While our contract value growth continues to benefit from our discipline of annual price increases and no discounting, approximately 85% of our contract value growth came from volume with the balance coming from price increases. This volume growth reflects our success at continuing to grow the business by penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing clients. As a result, we ended the quarter with 12,427 client organizations, up 7% year-over-year. As for pricing, we've consistently increased our price list by3% to 6% per year on an annual basis since 2005 and we expect to do so again in 2012. Our client retention rate ended the quarter at 82%, and we've maintained client retention near record highs for six quarters in a row. In addition to retaining our research clients and an impressive rate, the clients we retained continue to increase their spending with Gartner. Wallet retention increased almost 200 basis points year-over-year to 99%. Wallet retention is higher than client retention due to a combination of increased spending by retained clients and the fact that we retained a higher percentage of our larger clients. As we've discussed in the past, our retention metrics are reported on a four-quarter rolling basis in order to eliminate any seasonality. In summary, our research segment continued its strong performance in the fourth quarter. We grew our contract value by $140 million on an FX neutral basis year-over-year. We continue to see high levels of demand from clients and we expect continued acceleration in revenue and contract value growth over time. We remain confident in our ability to deliver 15% to 20% annual revenue growth in this business over the long term. Turning now to events. Events revenue in the fourth quarter increased 22% year-over-year on a reported basis and 23% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. During the fourth quarter, we held 12 events with 22,500 attendees compared to 12 events with 18,484 attendees held in the fourth quarter of 2010. Total attendees at our events during Q4 and on a same event basis were up 12% year-over-year and exhibitors were up 25%.  For the full year, revenue for our event business increased 21% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis, at the 60 event held in 2012 versus the 56 event held in 2010, attendees were up 15% and exhibitors were up 19% year-over-year. On a same event basis in 2011, attendees were up 12% and exhibitors were up 17%. For the full year 2011, the events growth contribution margin was 45% versus 46% in 2010. With our strong revenue growth in 2011, we took the opportunity to make selected investments to further strengthen our events portfolio, Moving on to consulting, revenues in our consulting business were essentially flat in the fourth quarter with the negligible impact from foreign exchange. For the full year, consulting revenue grew 2% to $308 million and were flat excluding foreign exchange. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our consulting business, ended the quarter at $101 million, which represents over 8% growth sequentially and a healthy four months' of backlog. Additionally, our pipeline looks equally solid again as we begin with New Year. Billable headcount of 481 was up 2% fourth quarter of 2010. This reflects our focus on managing resources to demand we saw earlier in 2011. Fourth quarter utilization was over 68%, up 730 basis points from the prior quarter and revenue per billable headcount remained above $400,000 per year, ending the quarter at $454,000. Moving down to rest of the income statement. During the fourth quarter, our total gross contribution margin increased by one percentage point year-over-year to 58%. For the full year, our total gross contribution margins increased to 140 basis points to 59%. These increases were due primarily to the successful execution of our strategy to capitalize on the high incremental margins and operating leverage inherent in our research business.  SG&A increased by $15 million year-over-year during the fourth quarter. The increase was primarily attributable to the growth in our sales force. As of December 31, we had 1215 quarter-bearing sales associates as compared to 1049 a year ago. For the full year we added 219 sales people which represent 21% growth and were slightly above our long term target referring our sales force by 15% to 20% per year. Our strong recruiting pipeline and quality of the potential candidates allowed us to be at higher for 2012 during the end of Q4. Finally G&A was essentially flat year-over-year in absolute dollars and dropped 160 basis points as a percent of revenue in Q4. For the full year G&A was up about 4% year-over-year but again dropped to 150 basis points as a percent of revenue. We continue to tightly control G&A costs across the entire company in the fourth quarter and for the full year. Moving on to earnings, we delivered another strong quarter of solid earnings growth. Normalized EBITDA was $85 million in the fourth quarter, up 17% year-over-year and GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.46, up 24% year-over-year. Our normalized EBITDA margin increased to 80 basis points to 19.8%. As expected our Q4 2011 GAAP diluted earnings per share includes minimal non-cash amortization costs associated with AMR and Burton. This trend continues to reflect our commitment to improving margins while also investing in the growth of our business. For the full year Normalized EBITDA was $279 million, up 21% year-over-year and GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.39, up 45% year-over-year. Diluted EPS for the full-year 2011 included acquisition-related charges of $0.04 per share compared to $0.14 per share in 2010. Our normalized EBITDA margin increased to 110 basis points to 19% consistent with our annual goal of 50 basis points to 150 basis points of normalized EBITDA margin expansion. Turning now to cash. Our strong performance for the full year translated into an increase in cash flow mainly driven by cash from operations, which increased by 24% to $256 million. This number included certain landlord reimbursement for capital spending on our facilities. Excluding those, cash from operations increased by 18% year-over-year. Over the long-term, we continue to expect to generate free cash flow substantially greater than our net income, given our tight cash management and the negative working capital characteristics of our research business. During the fourth quarter, we utilized our cash to return to capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program. We repurchased over 2 million shares at a total cost of almost $71 million, including our repurchase of ValueAct's remaining shares on December 13. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet and cash position with net debt of $57 million. Our current credit facility runs through December 2015, and at this time provides us with over $375 million of remaining borrowing capacity. We have ample cash flow and liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive increased shareholder value. We continue to look for attractive acquisition opportunity as a potential use of cash. In absence of appropriate acquisition opportunities, we believe that repurchasing our shares remains a compelling use of our capital. We have $293 million remaining under our Board authorization. Now, let me turn to our business outlook for 2012. Based on the strong business trends, we experienced in 2011 and the expectation of a reasonable economic environment in 2012, we believe our businesses are well-positioned for another year of strong growth. For the full year 2012, we expect total revenues will grow by 9% to 12% to approximately $1.6 billion to $1.65 billion on a reported basis. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, we expect total revenue growth of 11% to 15%. Projected revenues by segment can be found in our press release, but would note that we expect growth in each of our three segments during 2012, with research revenue expected to be up 12% to 14%, consulting revenue up 1% to 7% and events revenue up 8% to 14%. I would point out that this guidance includes a 2 point to 3 point negative impact from foreign exchange. On an FX neutral basis, our projected growth rates for each segment are as follows. In research, we expect 14% to 16% revenue growth, as you know research revenue is primarily driven by the prior year's contract value growth. In consulting, we expect revenue growth to be between 3% and 10%, which would return this segment to our long-term expectations. And finally in events, we expect FX neutral revenue growth of 10% to 17%, this would be another strong year for events with revenue growth above our long-term targets for the third straight year. In terms of foreign exchange impacts on revenues, our guidance is based on the spot rates in early January. We've made no attempts in our guidance to anticipate any strengthening or weakening of the dollar from the actual foreign exchange rates in early January. Moving down to income statement, we expect normalized EBITDA for the full year 2012 to be between $315 million and $335 million, an increase of 13% to 20% over 2011. And we expect our normalized EBITDA margin to again increase between 50 basis points and 150 basis points in the coming year. In 2012, we expect the cost associated with stock-based compensation expense to be approximately $35 million to $36 million. Total deprecation and amortization should be approximately $29 million to $30 million, inclusive of the amortization of acquisition intangible assets. The intangible amortization associated with the acquisition of AMR Burton will equate to approximately $0.02 per share for 2012. We expect interest expense of approximately $10 million to $11 million and other expense of $2 million to $3 million, and we're projecting an annual effective tax rate between 32% and 33%. And our guidance is based on average fully diluted shares outstanding of between 97 million and 98 million shares for the year. Note that our tax rate may vary from quarter-to-quarter due to the timing of discrete items. Our GAAP earnings guidance for 2012, as per EPS, will be between $1.63 and $1.79 per share. We also expect to grow our cash flow as we drive growth in our research business. In 2012, we expect cash from operations of $285 million to $305 million, capital expenditures of $46 million to $48 million and free cash flow of $239 million to $257 million. Thus, we expect to grow our free cash flow by 12% to 20% in 2012, and generate free cash flow per share of $2.41 to $2.62 substantially above our income per share. I'd like to note that cash from operations include $16 million, to be received as a tenant improvement allowance in connection with the previously disclosed lease arrangements on our Stamford headquarter. And the $16 million in the related cost of these improvements are also reflected in our capital expenditures, despite being reimbursed by the landlord. These amounts are not expected to have any impact on free cash flow during the life of the renovation project, which should end in late 2012 and are not expected to recur. While our policies provide annual, but not quarterly guidance, I'd like to provide some additional information to allow for an understanding of the seasonality and other factors that will impact our revenue and earnings on a quarterly basis. Full year research revenue will be fairly evenly distributed across each quarter of 2012, and approximately 24% of the full year revenue in Q1. Consulting revenue will be lowest in Q1 with 23% of the full year revenue, and highest in Q4 with 28%. For events more than 50% of the full revenue will be recognized in Q4, because our Fall Symposium series will be held in that quarter. At this point, we're trying to hold 62 to 65 events in 2012 as compared 60 in 2011. The phasing of our events calendar will be similar to 2011 in Q1 and Q3. Each representing approximately 10% of the full year revenue for this segment, given the seasonality of our events and consulting business, we expect earnings per share in each of Q1 and Q3 to be roughly 20% of the full year EPS respectively. We also expect to earn roughly 35% of the annual EPS in Q4, again primarily due to the timing of our events. Finally, I'd like to spend a moment on the impact of foreign exchange, as it relates to our reported contract value. As we have communicated to you in the past, research contract value is reported on an FX neutral basis throughout each year. We do this, so you can understand the true organic growth in our research segment. In January of each year, we restate the opening contract value and current foreign exchange rates. As a result of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar in 2011, contract value at January 1, 2012, is approximately $8 million lower than the $1.116 billion reported on December 31. As a result, $1.108 billion is the baseline figure you should use for this comparison purpose, when judging contract value growth in 2012. So to summarize, we delivered great results for both the fourth quarter and the full year 2011. Demand for our services is strong and as a result we generated double-digit revenue growth, and our key business metric remained strong throughout 2011. Our initiatives to improve operational effectiveness coupled with positive operating leverage inherent by businesses delivered strong margin expansion and we generated substantial cash flow. As always, we are actively exploring strategic alternatives for deploying our cash. We will continue to invest in our business and return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program, and we expect to repurchase shares throughout 2012. Finally, with double-digit growth in contract value in 2011, we established a solid foundation for delivering another strong year for revenue and earnings growth in 2012. We are well-positioned for double-digit revenue and earnings growth and increasing return to our shareholders over the long-term. Now, I'll turn the call over to Gene, who will share his thoughts on the outlook for the coming year. Gene?
Gene Hall: Good morning, everyone. As Chris has discussed, we achieved strong 2011 performance. Our 2011 results continue the positive trend of growth that we delivered since early 2009 with a successful and consistent execution of our strategy. We had strong growth across all geographies, all client-sizes and all industry segments. IT is one of the most important drivers of growth and comparative advantage for virtually every institution in the world, but IT is also complex and continuously evolving. As a result, IT professionals need expert assistance and insight, to help to make the critical business decisions that they face virtually every day. This includes advice on managing IT for business success as well as how to best purchase the $3.8 trillion that they're expected to buy during 2012. The same is true for supply chain professionals. Gartner is the best and most cost-effective resource that IT and supply chain professionals can turn to for that help. Our assistance often makes the difference between success and failure for our clients. At the same time, we benefit from having a vast untapped market opportunity for our services, which we estimate at $45 billion. There are hundreds of thousands of IT and supply chain professionals, who could potentially be Gartner clients, but have never been educated on the values that we can provide. We have the right strategy to capture this opportunity. As some of you know, the fundamental to our strategy are to create extraordinary research insight, to build strong sales capability, to deliver high-value differentiated offerings, to provide world-class service and to continually improve our operational effectiveness. This consistent strategy is driving our growth and will allow us to maintain sustained double-digit growth overtime. During the fourth quarter, more than 5,000 CIOs attended our symposium events and I had the opportunity to meet with many of our clients there. These technology leaders are looking for solutions for mobile, for social, for cloud, for bid data and of course for traditional areas such as cost optimization. These leaders are driving the performance of their organizations and they see Gartner is central to their success. As a result, attendance at our events has been growing as well as the value that client see in Gartner. During January, I had the opportunity to meet with our sales leaders from around the world at our 2012 Kickoff Meeting. Our sales leaders, representing clients from all geographies, all industries and all sizes had an incredible level of enthusiasm. They're excited about Gartner, the value we provide our clients and our vast market opportunity. I've never been more confident or excited about our prospects for accelerated and sustained growth that I am today. Gartner is a strongest company it's ever been. The Gartner brand is into classify itself. Our products, services and people are superior to the competition and we have a great business model. We delivered double-digit growth in 2011 and we're placed for even greater success in 2012 and beyond. So to summarize, there are three points I'd like you to take away from today's call. First, our business performance was strong during Q4 and throughout 2011, providing great momentum as we enter 2012. The selling environment is great and we delivered double-digit contract value growth. Our research business added more net new organizations than ever before. Our events attendance was up 13% and the quality of our attendees has never been better. In consulting, we generated strong backlog across all geographies and industries. With the continued focus on our proven strategy, we will continue our positive momentum for the coming year and beyond. Second, our business model is attractive with high renewal rates, strong cash flow and great incremental margins. Third, we are well positioned to accelerate the growth of our research business and achieve 15% to 20% annual growth in that segment over the long-term, as well as growth in our events and consulting businesses consistent with our long-term targets. We have the leading brand in IT and supply chain research, a strong value proposition for our clients, great operational capabilities and a vast untapped market opportunity. We're in a strong position to continue generating double-digit revenue growth and expanding margins during 2012 and over the long-term. With that, we'll now take questions.
Operator:
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: So, Gene, can you talk a little bit more about the 15% to 20% long-term revenue growth target within research? I mean, obviously, you haven't been in that range or even been in the high-end of that range certainly for a while. And what gets you to the higher-end of that range?
Gene Hall: So I think what gets us to the higher end of that range is focusing on increasing sales force productivity and also making sure that we grow our sales force in the kind of the range we talked about is those two things. The market opportunity is clearly there and our operational performance is clearly there, so it's really focused on that sales productivity and the growth of our sales force. And as you know, the sales productivity is one of the big focuses that we have. And as you saw, we actually in terms of sales force growth, grew a little bit of a top-end of our range last year, as we saw a lot of really good talent that we'll bring onboard a little bit early for 2012.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: Would you then not expect to see an acceleration of research revenue growth in 2012?
Gene Hall: So, Peter, as you know, the way our revenue recognition works is that the sales people sell a contract and then we recognize that revenue ratably for that contract. So in a simple level, the way I think about it is the contract buy in 2011 turns into revenues in 2012, what we sell in 2012 in terms of contract value, turns into revenues in 2013. And so the kind of research revenues for 2012 are based on the contract value brought in 2011. So what we sell in contract value during 2012 will really affect the research revenues in 2013.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: Right. And so therefore, logically we might expect to see an acceleration in contract value growth in '12, would that be fair?
Gene Hall: We certainly would like to see that.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: In terms of hiring plans for 2012, same level, same percentage growth rate that we saw last year?
Gene Hall: Again, we're expecting during 2012 to have a sales force growth in 15% to 20% range. So it's exactly in target of late last year.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: But not committing to be at the higher-end of the range?
Gene Hall: No.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: And then, Chris, this will be the last question. More to do on the G&A line, you've had a lot of success in terms of holding those across and getting the margin leverage from that. So I guess, how much more is there to do on that front? And then beyond that, where does the margin leverage going forward come from?
Chris Lafond: Yes, Peter, good question I think. As you've seen over the years we've done a good job of being able to maintain, in some cases the absolute dollars we spent, but certainly in every case as a percent of revenue continue to come down. Our expectation for the foreseeable future is that G&A cost will grow slower than overall revenue, so as a percent of revenue you'll continue to see G&A continue to fall. So we still think there's ample opportunity to do that over the next few years and you should continue to see similar trends you've seen over the past few years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line our Dave Lewis with JPMorgan.
Dave Lewis - JPMorgan: First question is with the events business, can you guys provide a little more detail on what's driving the strong growth there. And is there an opportunity or is there any chance for that up sell there into research business, could pick up going forward. I know about 50% of those clients or attendees do not have a research subscription. But what are your thoughts there?
Gene Hall: So basically what's driving the growth our events business is two things, one is just the fundamental value proposition that we have at Gartner which is IT people and supply chain people, having similar issues. And I mentioned some of the things earlier today, things like: How do I deal with global computing? What I'll do with cloud computing? How does the social computing apply to my business? Can I use big data and business intelligence? As well as again there is always a focus on cost production and things like that. And same thing is with supply chain. And so you have people that have these problems they want to debate, need to solve. They're being charged by the business to solve and they need help. And they see Gartner as a great source that helps. And they see events as a source that help just like the see research and consulting. And that's one piece that's driving our events business growth. It's just the kind of market needs. The second one is that we're executing very well. We basically have done a great job in terms of marketing our events business to prospects. And so it's the combination of this need to be adoptive with our clients. And the fact they see that we have a strong value preposition with them and that we've been executing very well in terms of getting those clients to our events. I'll add to that too. We've actually getting them to the events and when they're actually at the events, we ask people to score how we're dealing with them. And the value that clients place in our events, it's never been higher. It's been growing up year after year. And in 2011, it's the highest its ever been. So now we are getting there. But they're seeing great value. And that ties into your last point which is this not an up sell in opportunity? Absolutely, as you mentioned there is a sizable fraction of our event clients who are not Gartner research clients. But they can do our event, they learn more about Gartner and it is a great opportunity when they learn more about Gartner to sell them research services as well.
Dave Lewis - JPMorgan: And last one from me, can you just comment on the Legacy Burton and now Gartner supply chain business. Would you be able to tell us that they are outperforming the Legacy business? And the second half of the question on supply chain is that business expanded market opportunities significantly? I believe when it was acquired you had about a third-year sales reps that had relationship in the adjacent CIO office. How should we think about penetration there in terms of the growth opportunity going forward?
Gene Hall: After we acquired AMR, we launched a new set of products that are more consistent with what we do in our IT space. Those products have been extremely well received. Basically the clients of the Legacy products that are happy with them are doing great and we're happy with that. But in terms of future growth, we really focus on these new products which are doing very, very well. Overall, that business is just doing great. It's going really nicely. And in terms of penetration, it has a very, very small tiny penetration in terms of the total market opportunities. So we have a real huge opportunity there. And again, it's getting terrific growth and if anything we should see the growth accelerating.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Riggs with William Blair.
Robert Riggs - William Blair: Just a follow-up on the sales force. It sounds like you're able to hire a little more people than you had anticipated that there is a lot of good talent out there. Is attrition kind of trending as expected, and have you made any changes in programs that are onboard in retention to drive that sales force productivity higher?
Gene Hall: Basically as you said, what we're seeing is a lot of great talent out there and we've been very successful in tracking that talent to Gartner which is why we are ahead of our plan in sales hiring. And if people are going out to the door hiring more, you can't get ahead of the game. So we've actually had a very good retention. It's been very consistent over the years in terms of our sales people. Now we're working on that. We continue to work on getting that down because again we want to retain sales people. And so even though we think we have very good retention today, we'd think we can that even better which would just help in terms of our hiring and the tenure sales force. So we're working at the issue and we have done things like you've said. So we do have good on board products, we have great recruiting products to identify people that are we think are highly likely to be successful in our environment and then strong on boarding and development programs for those folks who want to get to on board. But I think our on boarding and professional development programs are as good as or better than any other company I have ever seen. And we get that feed routinely when our sales people come on board.
Robert Riggs - William Blair: And then as for the consulting business, you've been working through this managing partner strategy for a while a now. Could you give us an update for that piece of the business are you finding the people that you want there and is that kind of going in line with expectations?
Gene Hall: So as you pointed out in consulting, one of our major issue in consulting is to have a team of managing partners that sort of drive that business. We started basically with none of those peoples several years ago and we've been adding up and we're up to approximately 70 of those managing partners today. And that's been a tremendous successful program. We've been able to identify great people. Those people come on board and there their productivity has been exactly what we'd expect. And in fact as we did, we actually want to full complement of those managing partners on board that will really help the overall performance of the consulting business. And so real challenge is we went from zero to now 17, we need to get to quite a few more before we're at the full capacity there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Bird with Lazard.
William Bird - Lazard: Gene, I was wondering, if you could just talk about what you're seeing in Europe right now?
Gene Hall: So as Chris and I both mentioned, we saw strong double-digit growth across all of our geographies, all of our industries and all client sizes. And so that's what we are seeing.
William Bird - Lazard: And have you seen any change in tone of business as you've rolled into 2012?
Gene Hall: Basically, as you can see from our guidance, we're very enthusiastic about the prospects for 2012. So that applies everywhere.
William Bird - Lazard: And what were your diluted shares at yearend and given the guidance it seems like $97 million, $98 million shares, are you just assuming that you built cash and it's not deployed?
Chris Lafond: Diluted shares for the fourth quarter were about $97 million. And what we have traditionally said over the time is that at a bear minimum we shares back to offset the impact of our equity programs. And we will continue to do that at a minimum. We, as you know, will continue to generate significant cash. And we look to two things for that cash; one would be acquisitions where they make sense. And as you know we are pretty thoughtful about acquisitions and we'll continue to be that way. But if we find them we will use them there, and if not we will continue to buy shares back in the open market. And so the guidance we gave is to kind of remain roughly where we are. But should we get more aggressive that number could come down over the time.
William Bird - Lazard: So just to clarify that $97 million, I know that was your weighted average was that also the quarter end number?
Chris Lafond: Hold on for one second Bill and I will get that for you. Why don't we go and do another question.
William Bird - Lazard: And just a follow-on Gene, how do you think about the prospective growth in research client organizations and how you deploy the sales force in effect?
Gene Hall: So there is huge growth opportunity in client organizations. We think there is more than 100,000 actual client organizations out there, and we have a tiny fraction of those today. So we think there is growth in both number of organizations, like you saw in 2011. We also think that there is a huge opportunity to penetrate the existing organizations much deeper as well. So we're trying to have growth opportunity everywhere we look, and we're still looking for shares.
Chris Lafond: We might have to get back to you on that share count for the end of the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Sutherland with Northland Capital Markets.
Bill Sutherland - Northland Capital Markets: I'm curious about your outlook on consulting and your confidence of a real pickup and momentum there. I see the backlog, obviously strong. But there was somewhat of a strong at the end of '10. So I'm just wondering if there is anything in addition just to the backlog trend that gives you confidence for the consulting guidance.
Gene Hall: I guess there are two things. One is that the convert kind of looking at what's going on in operation of the business and we feel very comfortable with the guidance we gave in terms of operationally. The second thing is the point we mentioned earlier about managing partners. We added a number of managing partners through the last year. Again, as we look at it, the productivity of those people has been very good. We've been able to attract people and get them up to speed. And we kind of extrapolate into '12, the performance that we'd expect from the few we brought on Board in 2011, we see we have performance right in the range to be what we had in our guidance.
Bill Sutherland - Northland Capital Markets: I know you don't want to say there is an endpoint as far as the number of managing partners as a percent of your total headcount there. But are you a quarter of the way there or 70 or half way?
Gene Hall: Just to give you a flavor for it, we are at about 70 today and we are looking something like 110 to 120 eventually. So we've still got ways to go, which is why you see there mid-to-low single-digit growth in consulting expectations.
Bill Sutherland - Northland Capital Markets: And then one last one on the events. On the new events, is that just a total add or are there anything dropped and then roughly size-wise what are the expectations?
Chris Lafond: There is a couple of them that will be dropped. So there is probably a net five in, a couple out to get your kind of the three delta. If you think about where we're positioned now with the portfolio, we have a pretty solid portfolio in many of the mature markets like the U.S. where we still have plenty of opportunities to launch more around the world. That's the strategy we will have over time to continue to launch existing events in other parts of the world.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Karimzad with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Karimzad - Goldman Sachs: On the sales force ramp, can you, Gene, give us a sense for when a great salesperson starts on day one, how many quarters do you expect for them to ramp before they become accretive to the overall productivity?
Gene Hall: So the way you can think about our sales force is when we hire somebody in their first year, they have less than average productivity. In their second year, they have average productivity. So their selling is up to average by the time they are in their second full year. And again, that then will get reflected in contract value, which then in the next year actually turns into revenue. So if we hire somebody today, their first year will be below average productivity. Their second year's average productivity that will be next year and then that turns to contract value in that year. And in the third year, it actually translates into revenue for the business. So because of the pro-rated recognition of revenue that we use, it takes a while after you sell it, but we feel really good about the fact that we get our people, we hire new people, they do sell in the first year, but they are full average productivity by the time they're in their second full year.
Brian Karimzad - Goldman Sachs: So theoretically, if you start hitting that high-teens growth rate in the sales force third quarter, it wouldn't be until third or fourth quarter this year that you will see that start to flow through in contract value growth.
Gene Hall: That would be consistent with what I just described, yes. That's a good way to think about it.
Brian Karimzad - Goldman Sachs: Chris, on the free cash flow for '11, you finished the year with the operating metrics kind of towards the high end of your outlook. The free cash flow came in a bit closer to low end. Can you just walk through what the delta was?
Chris Lafond: Just on the free cash flow, when you look free cash flow, there are a couple of things. The cash taxes in the time of cash taxes affect that a bit. What we have over the past few years is, if you look back over four, five years, very little cash taxes and in some cases refunds and slowly that's creeping up in terms of become a cash tax payer. It's certainly nowhere near at the level that we have on the face of the P&L. So our effective tax rate is obviously much higher than our cash tax rate. But having said that, it creeped up a little bit and that's probably the vast majority of the real delta that we see. The other thing that we've talked about over time that you will continue to see in our cash is that over the past four or five years we've done a really good job of continuing to improve the effectiveness of our cash collection efforts. And we've got a lot of benefit out of that over the past few years. We're starting to see that stabilized now, we're at a very nice high level in terms of how quickly to collect cash and so we're not seeing the continued one-time benefits of improving. We're starting to see it kind of get to a normal run rate. So those are the few things that are starting to affect the cash flow a little bit in terms of how much additional year-over-year growth we get. But as I mentioned earlier, we're still expecting good strong cash flow growth, well in the double-digit and again significantly higher than net income over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Leben with Robert W. Baird.
Dan Leben - Robert W. Baird: Gene, just could you talk in the fourth quarter within the consulting business. What you saw within the contract authorization portion versus the other parts of consulting?
Gene Hall: So basically, in the fourth quarter of '10 the contract optimization business was extremely strong in fourth quarter 2010. In fourth quarter 2011 we had a strong quarter, but relative to the extremely strong performance in 2010, it didn't look like as good.
Dan Leben - Robert W. Baird: So when you look out to the forecast for next year with the utilization coming up nice in the fourth quarter. Is that the high end of the guidance range on consulting, is that essentially normalized utilization of these types of levels, maybe a little higher with a little bit of headcount growth, I just want to understand the dynamics within the range. What the possible outcomes are?
Gene Hall: So utilization would be at the high end. What you said is exactly right which is if the revenues with the high end utilization lookout would be the high end as well in consulting.
Chris Lafond: The range in consulting as we talked about every year is also a factor of our contract optimization business. As you know that business tends to be a little more lumpy. And there is things that happened that don't recur et cetera. So at the various ranges of the guidance there's that business but, Dan, as Gene mentioned that range around the utilization as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays Capital.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital: So on the sales force growth expectations 15% to 20%. I just wanted to try and tie that in with obviously all that is organic growth. I want to tie that in with what your pipeline looks like on the M&A front? And just trying to understand where the opportunities are in that pipeline that you see? And are there any good opportunities to acquire companies that already have the sales force with the productivity in place?
Gene Hall: So basically first, we believe we can sustainably grow our sales force organically in the 15% to 20% range. So any acquisitions we did would be above and beyond that. And so there are both great organic growth opportunities. In terms of the M&A front, we actively tracked many companies and we think there are lot of opportunities out there. That it has to be the right company at the right price with the right fit. And those have happened in the last few years, we've had three, in fact we had two in one month because it happened at the right time with AMR and Burton. And so basically, as we've said, one of the uses of our cash is for acquisitions but only if the price is right and it fits right.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital: Obviously, you guys have already shown, you guys have managed to grow the sales force pretty nicely in the double-digit range within that long-term guidance. Can you just help us understand again sort of the profile of who these sales people are and where you're hiring them from? Just to trying to get a little more comfort on the ability to continue to hire 15% to 20% additional sales force year-over-year.
Gene Hall: Yes, basically, what we're looking for are basic sales skills. It doesn't take technology. It basically takes great sales skills. There is a essentially unlimited market of people that have great sales skills out there. And we found, if anything we're getting better actually at both identifying the right people and attracting them to Gartner. Our recruiting organization is really terrific and had done a great job with that. And there is such a vast army of sales people around the world that have great sales skills. And Gartner such a great place to be if you are a sales person. And we have no doubt in our ability to continue to grow our sales force in the 15% to 20% a year for essentially forever.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital: And I guess, what is the churn being like on the sales force. I mean what is the rate relative to historical that you've seen today?
Gene Hall: So basically our churn of the sales to the attrition of sales force has been virtually unchanged over the last few years. It's been very steady. Even with the change in the economy it's been very steady. Again, Gartner is a very attractive place for sales people to be. And people want to be here as your sales person.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital: And just lastly housekeeping question, I apologize if you said it before, what's the tax rate implied in the guidance of '12?
Gene Hall: 32% to 33% is what we have in the range of our guidance.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Brian Shipman for closing remarks.
Brian Shipman: Before I make remark, Chris, wanted to clarify on one question.
Chris Lafond: So just to follow-up on Bill's question on the share count, so let me just share a few data points. Our basic weighted average share count at the end of the Q4 was 94.7 million, our basic ending share count in absolute terms was 93.3 million and our diluted weighted average was 97 million. So those stats should give you a sense of the shares as we ended the quarter and how that will look in 2012. And just another point on shares, remember that we do issue shares for our equity programs during Q1. And as we talked about, we continue to repurchase shares in the open market.
Brian Shipman: Thanks, Chris. And one last plug here for our Investor Day on February 16, in New York City. Registration is required in advance. If you haven't done so already, either contact me directly or my assistant Germaine Scott, her number is 203-316-3411. We look forward to seeing you next week in New York. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Gene Hall  Chief Executive Officer Chris Lafond  Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer  Brian Shipman  Vice President, Investor Relations   
Analysts: Peter Appert  Piper Jaffray Dave Lewis  JP Morgan William Bird  Lazard Capital Markets  Manav Patnaik  Barclays Capital Robert Riggs  William Blair Bill Southerland  Northland Capital Kelly Flynn  Credit Suisse Daniel Leben  Robert W. Baird Brian Karimzad  Goldman Sachs   
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Gartners Earnings Conference Call for Q3 2011. A replay of this call will be available through December 2nd, 2011. The replay can be accessed by dialing 888-286-8010 for domestic calls, and 617-801-6888 for international calls; and by entering the passcode 44261278. This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be available on Gartners website at www.gartner.com for approximately 90 days.  I will now turn the conference over to Brian Shipman, Gartners Group Vice President of Investor Relations for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Shipman: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartners Q3 2011 Earnings Conference Call. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer Gene Hall and our Chief Financial Officer Chris Lafond. This call will begin with a discussion of the quarterly financial results disclosed in todays press release as well as an update of our increased revenue guidance, followed by an opportunity for you to ask questions. Id like to remind everyone that the press release is available on our website, and that web address is www.gartner.com.  Before we begin we need to remind you that certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the companys 2010 annual report on Form 10(k) and quarterly reports on Form 10(q), as well as in other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents. The company undertakes no obligation to update any of its forward-looking statements. With that I would like to hand the call over to Gartners Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. Gene?
Gene Hall: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Our Q3 results for 2011 continued the growth trend that weve delivered through the successful and consistent execution of our long-term strategy. As youve heard me say before, the fundamentals for our strategy have been and remain to create extraordinary research insight, to build strong sales capability, to deliver high-value differentiated offerings, to provide world-class service, and to continuously improve our operational effectiveness. This strategy has been successful across our lines of business and across all geographies. In Q3 2011, research contract value continued to demonstrate strong growth. We achieved 15% contract value growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange, and ended the quarter at the highest level ever reported in Gartners history. The 15% year-over-year increase in research contract value was driven by both strong Q3 new business as well as strong client and wallet retention. New business was the highest of any Q3 in Gartners history, and wallet retention was 100% the second quarter in a row.  Our events business remains strong. In Q3 revenue growth of 12% excluding the impact of foreign exchange was above our long-term target of 5% to 10%. For our events held this quarter, attendees were up 12% and exhibitors were up 14%. We also added two new events and we continue to optimize our events portfolio for maximum value. In consulting, the solid pipeline we told you about on last quarters call drove revenue growth of 4% excluding the impact of foreign exchange, a notable improvement from the first half results we reported previously.  The overall momentum in our business has been driven by the success of our initiatives to improve sales force productivity, drive higher client retention, grow share of wallet among existing customers, and penetrate net new opportunities. Information technology continues to grow in importance for virtually every institution in the world. IT and supply chain management remain the best way for companies to improve in any macroeconomic environment.  These areas are and will continue to be complex and continuously evolving. IT and supply chain professionals need expert assistance and insight to help them make the critical business decisions they face virtually every day. Gartner is the best and most cost-effective resource they can turn to for that help, and often makes the difference between success and failure in any economic environment.  I just returned from our largest symposium event in Orlando, Florida. This even had our highest attendance ever with more than 8000 attendees, including more than 2000 CIOs. I had the opportunity to meet with a number of clients, and they were there because IT is central to the key initiatives and strategies in their institutions, and they know that Gartner is the best source for help to ensure these critical initiatives are successful. While at the Orlando symposium I also had the opportunity to interact with many of our sales people and they are as energized and enthusiastic as Ive ever seen.  Ive never been more confident or excited about our prospects for continued accelerated growth than I am today. We have a vast, untapped market opportunity for our services which we estimate at over $45 billion for research alone. There are hundreds of thousands of IT and supply chain practitioners who could potentially be Gartner clients but who have never been educated on the value we can provide. The Gartner brand is in a class by itself. Our products and services lead the market and we have a highly compelling business model. Gartner is the strongest company its ever been. With that, Ill turn it over to Chris for additional details on our results and financial outlook.
Chris Lafond: Thanks, Gene, and good morning everyone. We ended Q3 with double-digit growth in revenue, earnings and cash flow. Our results again demonstrate the continued successful execution of our strategy, our ability to consistently deliver on the long-term financial objectives we communicated over the past several years, and our overall importance on the strategic IT initiatives of our clients. Ill start today with a review of our business segment results for Q3 and finish with a discussion of our outlook for the remainder of 2011. Starting with research, Q3 research revenue was up 19% as reported, and 15% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. The gross margin in this segment increased over two points year-over-year to 68%, as our strong execution continues to deliver on the operating leverage (inaudible). All of our key research business metrics remained very strong in Q3. Contract value grew to a record level of $1.36 billion, a growth of 15% year-over-year excluding the impact of foreign exchange. New business again increased year-over-year, continuing the trend weve seen since late 2009. The new business mix was balanced between sales to new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. While our contract value growth continues to benefit from our discipline of annual price increases and no discounting, approximately 75% of our contract value growth came from volume versus pricing. This volume growth reflects our success at continuing to grow the business by penetrating our vast market opportunity with both new and existing clients. As a result, we ended the quarter with 11,770 client organizations, up 6% year-over-year. This year-over-year growth is particularly notable given the uncertain economic environment, and we expect to increase our price list by3% to 6% per year on an annual basis. Our client retention rate ended the quarter at 82%, consistent with last years Q3, and weve retained client retention at near record highs for five quarters in a row. In addition to retaining more of our research clients, the clients we retained increased their spending. Wallet retention increased five percentage points year-over-year to 100%. Wallet retention is higher than client retention due to a combination of increased spending by retained clients and the fact that we retained a higher percentage of our larger clients. As weve discussed in the past, our retention metrics are reported on a four-quarter rolling basis in order to eliminate any seasonality. In summary, our research segment continued its strong performance in Q3. We grew our contract value by $131 million on a year-over-year basis. We continue to see high levels of demand from clients and we expect continued acceleration in revenue and contract value growth over time. We remain confident in our ability to deliver 15% to 20% annual revenue growth in this business over the long term. Turning now to events: events revenue increased 18% year-over-year on a reported basis and 12% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. During Q3, we held 16 events with 6676 attendees compared to 5954 attendees at 14 events held in Q3 2010. Total attendees at our events during Q3 were up 12% year-over-year and exhibitors up 14%. The Q3 contribution margin for events is seasonally lower in Q1 and Q3 given that both quarters are light and have fewer events scheduled. In addition, during Q3 we launched two new events. As weve mentioned in the past, first-time events have significantly lower margins as we build for the future. We built the impact of our 2011 launches into our full-year expectations and guidance at the start of the year.  During a seasonally light events quarter like Q3, new launches can have a material impact on the events segment contribution margin. In addition, two of our legacy summit events that have yet to be refreshed had solid year-over-year attendee growth but lower exhibitor participation. As Gene mentioned, we recently held our largest symposium event in Orlando, Florida. For those of you who attended this event you saw firsthand the strong attendance at this must-attend event. This was our largest symposium ever with over 8000 attendees. Our second-largest symposium starts in a few days in Barcelona, Spain, and we also expect record attendance at this event. Our remaining symposium events look equally strong as do our Q4 summit events, including our largest summit Data Center  scheduled for early December. As a result, weve increased our full-year guidance for the events business segment.  Moving on to consulting, as we told you last quarter our pipeline heading into Q3 was solid and should drive improved results for the consulting business as the year progressed. That did occur and our consulting revenue grew over 8% in Q3 or 4% including the impact of foreign exchange. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our consulting business, ended the quarter at $93 million, which represents a healthy four months of backlog. Additionally, our pipeline looks equally solid again as we start Q4. Billable headcount of 482 was down slightly from Q2 and up 6% from Q3 2010. This reflects our continued investment in transitioning to a managing partner model for this business. Q3 utilization was 61% and revenue per billable headcount remained above $400,000 per year, ending the quarter at $404,000. Moving to the income statement, during Q3 our total gross contribution margin increased by more than one percentage point year-over-year to 58.7%. This increase was due primarily to the successful execution of our strategy to capitalize on the high incremental margins and operating leverage inherent in our research business. SG&A increased by $23 million year-over-year during Q3. The increase was primarily attributable to the growth in our sales force as well as the impact of foreign exchange.  As of September 30th, we had 1215 [quarter-bearing] sales associates as compared to 1027 a year earlier. Since December 31st weve added 166 salespeople to remain on track to achieve our target of growing the sales force by 15% to 20% for the full year. Finally, G&A is flat year-over-year as a percent of revenue in Q3 and down for the first nine months of the year as we continue to tightly control G&A costs across the entire company. Moving on to earnings, we delivered another strong quarter with solid earnings growth. Normalized EBITDA was $62.4 million, up 22% year-over-year and diluted income per share was $0.31, up 41% year-over-year. Our normalized EBITDA margin increased to 18% from 17.3%, or 70 basis points. This trend continues to reflect our commitment to improving margins while investing in the growth of our business. As expected, our Q3 2011 GAAP diluted income per share includes minimal non-cash amortization costs associated with AMR and [Burton].  Turning to cash, our strong performance in the quarter translated into an increase in cash flow mainly driven by cash from operations, which increased by 75% to $112 million. For the full-year 2011 and over the long-term, we continue to expect to generate free cash flows substantially greater than our net income given our tight cash management and the negative working capital characteristics of our research business. During Q3, we utilized our cash to return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program. We repurchased over 1.5 million shares at a total cost of $53.4 million. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet and cash position and net debt of $53 million.  Our current credit facility runs through December, 2015, and at this time provides us with over $360 million of remaining borrowing capacity. We have ample cash flow and liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive increased shareholder value. We continue to look for attractive acquisition opportunities as a potential use of cash. In absence of appropriate acquisition opportunities, we believe that repurchasing our shares remains a compelling use of our capital and we have over $360 million remaining under our Board authorization. Now, let me turn to our business outlook for the remainder of 2011. We have had a strong year so far in 2011 and we are well-positioned for the double digit full-year revenue, earnings, and cash flow growth we expected as the year began. The details of our guidance are included in the earnings release issued this morning but let me take a minute to highlight some of the changes. Overall, on a consolidated basis we are raising the low end of our previous-issued revenue guidance by $5 million and were maintaining the high end of our previous-issued revenue guidance at the same level. With respect to our research segment, we now expect revenues between $1 billion and $1.15 billion for the year. Were raising the low end of our range by $5 million and expect this segment to grow revenues between 16% and 17% for the full year. With respect to consulting, we are now looking at revenues between $305 million and $320 million. We modestly reduced the bottom and top ends of our previous guidance range and now expect this segment will grow between 1% and 6% in 2011.  Finally, with regards to our events business we now expect revenues of between $140 million and $150 million, an increase of $5 million to both the low and high ends of our previous guidance range. From a seasonality perspective I will remind you that Q4 is the largest quarter of the year for the events business and will make up roughly 50% of the full-year revenues. There are no other changes to our previously-issued guidance. So to summarize, all three of our business segments delivered solid year-over-year revenue growth. Gartners research business experienced another strong quarter. We grew CV by 15% and generated double-digit growth in research revenue. Our events business continued to show double-digit increases in revenue after a very strong 2010; our consulting business delivered year-over-year revenue growth during Q3 and has a solid backlog going into Q4. We are deploying our substantial cash flow to invest in our businesses and to return capital to our shareholders through our share repurchase program; and finally, we are currently and remain well-positioned for double-digit revenue, earnings and contract value growth, increasing returns to our shareholders for the full year and over the long-term. With that we are ready to open the call to your questions. Operator? 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions.) Your first question comes from the line of Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Peter Appert  Piper Jaffray: Thanks, good morning. So Gene, the consulting backlog is down a little bit on a year-over-year basis. Do you view that as an indication of sort of flow through from the weaker macro environment? And then just more broadly on that question, what are you hearing back from the sales force in terms of what the customers are telling you about spending plans going forward?
Gene Hall: Hey, Peter. Our consulting backlog we aim to be in the three- to four-months revenue range, and thats exactly where we are with it now. If you have it less than three months thats a little tight; if you have it more than four months then what happens is clients get a little anxious because when they commission work they want to go ahead and get started on it. So were kind of right in the sweet spot of where we want with that business. If you look at our business were seeing really robust growth in research, really robust growth in events because thats really where were focusing, where we focus the majority of our effort. So consultings exactly where we want it to be. It doesnt really reflect the macroeconomic situation at all.
Peter Appert  Piper Jaffray: Okay. How about just in terms of, for the overall research business, things like sales cycle, average order size  anything that might indicate tone of business, better/worse in the context of the macro environment?
Gene Hall: The selling cycle remains about the same. Theres no measurable change. Were seeing things looking very solid, very good and no change on that.
Peter Appert  Piper Jaffray: Got it. And then the last thing: sales productivity, youve accelerated the sales force growth in the current quarter. Just talk a little bit about the productivity experience in terms of new sales associates. Is it similar to what youve been seeing, etc.?
Gene Hall: We track our sales productivity as you know very closely, and one of the things that were very focused on is sales productivity of our new people. If we look at sales productivity of our new hires over the last period of time, that productivity has been increasing and its been because of a focus on it. And so we feel very comfortable accelerating the amount of our new hires because weve seen this increasing productivity of the new hires that we get.
Peter Appert  Piper Jaffray: Got it. Great, thanks Gene.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Lewis with JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Dave Lewis  JP Morgan: Hey guys, good morning. First question is, Gene, you touched on supply chain in your open commentary and I was just hoping you could just give us an update. It might be more anecdotal on the AMR business and strategically your latest thoughts on that building out over time.
Gene Hall: So the AMR business, well, we call it supply chain. The supply chain business were doing very well. We had a supply chain conference this year in Phoenix and it was literally sold out it was so busy. In fact, were looking for a different venue in the future perhaps because of the growth we expect there. We also held a conference in Europe which was equally successful. AMR had not had conferences in Europe and we had one last year and then we had one this year. The one this year had huge growth over the previous year and we were very successful there. Weve expanded the number of salespeople selling supply chain and again are seeing very good bookings in that business. So were very happy with the supply chain business.
Dave Lewis  JP Morgan: Thanks, Gene, thats great. And then just if you can just touch on Europe, if youre seeing any regionally It sounds like from the information you provided on the Barcelona conference, it doesnt sound like theres any softness there but regionally is there any outperformance from one region to the other?
Gene Hall: Yeah, so as Chris said, Ill start with the events since you mentioned that. Our Barcelona conference, were seeing as strong as the Orlando conference. And by the way, that one starts on Sunday so we have a pretty good handle of what its going to be like. If we look at the other ones that we have rolling out in the other geographies, they look very strong as well. In terms of our research business in Europe and our consulting business in Europe, Id say that its pretty much the same as everywhere else. You see growth slightly faster in Asia, slightly slower in Europe but not to any large degree.
Chris Lafond: Its Chris, just to give you a little more color there on the growth: I think if you look across, whether its geographic, whether its industry, whether its client-side  we still continue to deliver very balanced results actually in all three of the segments. So no matter how you look at our performance, whether its geographically or otherwise, really good, solid growth coming from pretty much everywhere across the business.
Dave Lewis  JP Morgan: Thats great, thanks guys. Ill hop off. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Bird with Lazard. Please proceed.
William Bird  Lazard Capital Markets: Yeah, Gene, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about just what you heard from CIOs at symposium. And second, your full-year guidance range seems to imply a fairly wide range of growth for Q4. Just wondering if youre trying to communicate uncertainty; has there been any real change in the tone of business? Maybe you could comment on it. Thank you.
Gene Hall: Yeah, great question about symposium. It was actually very exciting, being down there with so many CIOs and there was a really common theme, which is IT is central to everything they do in their institutions and in their business. And theyre very cognizant of that and its traditional things like implementing CRM systems, data center consolidation, implementing virtualization; but also theres a whole new set of things, on things like mobile computing and how does Cloud impact their business and things like that. And so were sort of seeing a tremendous amount of interest in those issues, and then also looking to Gartner to help with those issues. And it was really fun seeing all the excitement and enthusiasm that was down there. And Ill turn it over to Chris for the second question.
Chris Lafond: Hey, Bill. Thanks for the question. Just in terms of our guidance and outlook, a couple things that Ill share. First, weve not made any assumptions in our guidance for foreign exchange movement, so thats the first thing we should understand which is theres been a lot of variability there but we essentially have assumed that foreign exchange will stay where it is today. So if that moves that could change ultimately where we end, so were not in the business of trying to predict foreign exchange.  If you go through each of the segments in terms of our revenue guidance, I think the research revenue was pretty tight - $15 million on $1 billion revenue number  so we feel pretty confident as you can imagine. Given its a subscription business we pretty much know where that will come in, give or take a little bit. Consulting, at the $305 million to $320 million range, as we talked about in the past we have a contract optimization business that does have some variability and its a little less predictable in terms of forward pipeline. And those deals can come in relatively quickly and thats why we have a little bit of a wide range there, and again, still relatively small given its a $300 million consulting business with a $15 million range.  And then finally events we increased. We have great visibility into what were seeing now at symposium; good visibility in the forward-looking bookings for all of the events happening in Q4 so we feel pretty confident there. So what I would tell you is in no way does our guidance range mean to imply that theres any uncertainty or anything else in our business. Were very confident with where we are and very comfortable with the ranges that weve established.
William Bird  Lazard Capital Markets: Thanks. And Gene, just a follow-up on productivity: it looked like your dollar growth in contract value per salesperson just dipped a little bit in Q3. I would think theres some dilutive effect from onboarding; I was just wondering if you could comment a little bit on productivity from Q3.
Gene Hall: Yeah, great question. So the productivity in Q3, as you mentioned we had a richer mix of new people who have less productivity than people who have been here a longer period of time, and obviously thats going to have a little bit of an impact on productivity. But again as I said earlier, while the mix was richer the actual productivity were seeing out of new people has been increasing over time.
William Bird  Lazard Capital Markets: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Manav Pataik  Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning gentlemen. On deferred revenue, I guess on the contract value rather, I mean given what youre already seeing in Q4 should we expect the growth rate to accelerate like it did last quarter or how should we try and model that?
Chris Lafond: When you look at the full-year revenue guidance, essentially you can back that into what we expect Q4 to be. Itll be pretty consistent in terms of growth rates that weve seen in the early part of the year. Obviously the ending contract values we get through Q4 will be what will drive 2012 and that well talk about as we get through Q4 and into Q1 when we do our earnings call there. So I would expect to see research continue to be strong; weve seen good, solid performance all year. Its been very consistently delivering those results and we expect research to end the year between 16% and 17% revenue growth.
Manav Pataik  Barclays Capital: Got it. And based on your commentary, and just sort of trying to get an early read on 2012, it seems like theres no reason to believe at least now that the growth or the contract value growth or the continued increase in backlog is going to show any signs of slowdown. Is that fair?
Chris Lafond: Its a little too early to be talking about 2012. We obviously need to finish out 2011 first but it is our objective as weve continued to talk about and continued to remain confident in, of growing research at 15% to 20%, growing consulting 3% to 8% and events 5% to 10%. And obviously weve been doing much better than that on the events business. All of our metrics continue to be in those ranges and so at this point we feel very comfortable that our business continues to perform in those ranges today and into the future.
Manav Pataik  Barclays Capital: Got it, and one final one just on the variance on the EPS guidance range. Assuming the FX doesnt really move from where it is today, based on your model are we on the higher end of that range?
Chris Lafond: We feel very confident in that range. We generally dont provide color around where we are in the range so we feel very confident that were going to be in that range that weve given.
Manav Pataik  Barclays Capital: Okay, fair enough. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Riggs with William Blair. Please proceed.
Robert Riggs  William Blair: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. Just in the consulting business, are there any notable trends in the types of engagements that clients are looking for maybe versus cost savings versus growth strategy going forward  anything to note there?
Gene Hall: Yeah, its Gene. No, I dont think so. I think basically the mix of business, the mix of the kinds of engagements were doing has been pretty much constant over time, other than where weve purposefully changed it. So we have some areas we think might be a little higher growth and might focus in on those areas, but its on the margin as opposed to any major change.
Robert Riggs  William Blair: Okay. And then Chris, you mentioned the switch or the continued transition to more of the managing partner approach in consulting. How far along are we with that process there?
Chris Lafond: We are probably kind of three-quarters, two-thirds to three-quarters of the way through. Weve been working on that over the past few years and as you know, what weve been trying to do there is make that investment while also managing improvements in the overall productivity and profitability of the consulting business, which I think weve done a good job of over the past few years. So I think well still be on that task for a couple more years as we continue to ramp up and get a full managing partner capacity.
Robert Riggs  William Blair: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Southerland with Northland Capital. Please proceed.
Bill Southerland  Northland Capital: Thanks for taking the question. Most have been asked, actually, but I was wondering about headcount plans at this point in consulting.
Gene Hall: Hey Bill, good to hear you again. From a consulting perspective, as weve talked about over time what our objective there is, is to hire at capacity to deliver as we see the pipeline and backlog grow. So what you saw in the earlier part of the year was our backlog was flat to slightly down and so our headcounts been flat to slightly down in the last couple of quarters. As that continues to build and grow we will add capacity appropriately. We still believe that the utilization of our consultants has some room for improvement so we can drive incremental revenue growth without adding capacity in some areas, but as we grow over time if we expect the consulting business to grow 3% to 8% you will expect over time the headcount growth to be in that range as we continue to move ahead.
Bill Southerland  Northland Capital: And so the utilization number for the quarter, I know its a tricky quarter just in terms of time off and so forth. Any other thoughts on that number for the quarter?
Gene Hall: Yeah, a couple things. Q3 is seasonally lower because of the summer holiday period, so if you look back at time it is a seasonally lower utilization figure for consulting. We have been higher in the past and I would say that our long-term target continues to be 70%, so were continuing to drive efforts to get the business to be at that level consistently over time.
Bill Southerland  Northland Capital: Okay, and then last one  the three groups within consulting, are they pretty much tracking kind of in the same course?
Gene Hall: Yeah, I would say generally continuing to track consistently across all three of those segments.
Bill Southerland  Northland Capital: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kelly Flynn with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Kelly Flynn  Credit Suisse: Thanks, guys  a couple questions. First question, it relates to a couple other questions people have asked but I just want to drill down further into what youre saying about near-term contract value expectations for research. I wanted to look at it this way: can you talk about if new sales, renewals or any other indicators deteriorated at all as Q3 progressed and then what we saw in October; and I know you cant really predict the future but whether or not so far what weve seen in Q4 is tracking kind of in line with mid-teens contract value growth? Thank you.
Chris Lafond: Hi Kelly, thanks. So a couple things I would say there: first, overall from a renewal perspective, our renewals are pretty balanced throughout the whole year so every single quarter were seeing a pretty good indication. So give or take a few points around 25^% - thats how much our book of business comes up for renewal. What I would say as we look at our retention rats, theyve held very steady so from a retention point of view were seeing no issues or no changes in what weve seen earlier in the year, and theyve been pretty consistent for quite some time.  From a new business perspective weve had record new business again in Q3. Its the highest Q3 weve ever had so we still are seeing really good demand from clients, still seeing really good new business bookings. Weve continued to add to the number of client organizations, so penetrating new organizations; and because of our wallet retention number increasing yet again we continue to penetrate the existing client base. So no matter how we slice and dice and look at it, and as I said earlier if you look at our CV growth geographically, industry-wise, client-size  all of those are up so were seeing a very broad-based performance. So at this point theres nothing that were seeing that says we cant continue on the delivery weve seen this year and keep research revenue in our long-term expectation range of 15% to 20%.
Kelly Flynn  Credit Suisse: Okay, so but for October specifically I guess versus Q3, does what you just said apply to October as well as September?
Chris Lafond: October, when you look in between quarters, the early part of the quarter tends to be relatively small. Weve seen nothing; we dont go into a lot of details in-quarter but we havent seen anything that weve seen so far. In addition to the comments Gene made, weve seen great demand in our events business and were seeing great demand in consulting; still seeing the continued performance in research. So nothing were seeing in the business at this point suggests anything.
Kelly Flynn  Credit Suisse: Okay, great. And then can I ask a second question related to the Orland symposium? I dont know if you can get into this much detail but you mentioned record attendees and I think exhibitors as well. Can you talk about the growth for each of those for that symposium year-over-year?
Gene Hall: We dont have that actually handy. 
Chris Lafond: Yeah, if theres another question, Kelly, you have I will try to dig it up.
Kelly Flynn  Credit Suisse: Thats okay, we can take it offline or if you have it later in the call let me know. But Ill leave it at that, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Leben with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Daniel Leben  Robert W. Baird: Thank you, good morning. We talked a little bit about AMR earlier. Can you talk a little bit about [Burton] and kind of the growth rate youre seeing there as well as the aggregate contribution of those two products to the overall contract value growth?
Gene Hall: Its Gene. Were seeing very strong growth with whats now IT One, and the aggregate contracts, thats been just a complete homerun. As you can imagine thats a product where all of our IT salespeople can sell it. Its applicable to every one of our IT clients and so its having extremely, Id say very strong growth. And if you look at the contributions together, both are doing great and were very happy with both of the results of those.
Daniel Leben  Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then Gene, to the extent you had a lot of conversations with CIOs at symposium, could you talk about the tone youre hearing from them as theyre thinking about their 2012 budget planning process?
Gene Hall: Yeah. I mean basically theres a full range, and this is true kind of in any economic times. Theres some people that are focused on growth-oriented activities and theres some groups that are focused on cost reduction, like datacenter consolidation, stuff like that; and then virtually everyone is asking questions about these disruptive technologies like things like Do I need an iPad app? How does mobile affect me? Hows the consumerization of IT affecting me? How does social computing affect me? Cloud?  So all the traditional stuff thats on peoples mind is Id say more important than its ever been, and then you layer on top of that all these what I call disruptive technologies that are on their mind. And in fact, I think thats one of the things thats really driving strong demand at symposium and throughout our business, is the combination of the traditional drivers with the layering on top of it of all of these new technologies that have opportunities and frankly risks for these companies, too. 
Daniel Leben  Robert W. Baird: Great. And then the last one from me, the consulting utilization down to 61%, struggling a little bit there. Does that number change in terms of the targets for all the historicals where weve seen utilization in excess of 70% with the new managing partner model? How should we think about a target for that going forward?
Chris Lafond: We have not changed our long-term expectations. We still absolutely expect and believe we can have that business in the 70% range, so what were seeing in the short-term has not caused us any reason to think differently about that business or think differently about utilization. 
Daniel Leben  Robert W. Baird: Do you need to do something on the headcount nearer-term to start getting that number back or is it by driving the top line youre going to get there?
Chris Lafond: As I said, we manage our capacity to the backlog but like right now, our expectation is that well continue to see the kind of demand we saw in Q3. So if you look back at the first couple of quarters we commented earlier in the year and again that the first couple of quarters of the year were a little weaker than we expected; Q3 was a much stronger quarter after a strong end of Q2 bookings-wise. And we expect that to continue in there and ultimately drive utilization back to the levels that we expect.
Daniel Leben  Robert W. Baird: Great, thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions.) Your next question comes from the line of Brian Karimzad with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Brian Karimzad  Goldman Sachs: Hi. I guess the first one would be at your symposium in Orlando, you guys did share some preliminary results of your CIO survey for budgets next year. I wondered if you could share that with us and put in some context with what that survey said last year, and then I have a follow-up question.
Chris Lafond: Yeah, we dont actually have that handy so well have to get that to you separately.
Brian Karimzad  Goldman Sachs: Okay, I can tell it to you, thats alright. Generally it was pointing to low single-digit growth in budgets for next year, but looking at historic numbers am I correct in saying that the last couple of years that survey has also pointed to low single-digit growth?
Chris Lafond: Yes.
Brian Karimzad  Goldman Sachs: Okay, and youve grown despite that. I guess my follow-up is what do you need to see to be confident that you can achieve the mid- to high-end of that 15% to 20% research revenue growth next year? What are some indicators you need to see happen and some benchmarks for that?
Gene Hall: Its Gene. So to me, the key thing in driving it  there are two key components in driving it. The most important one is our sales force productivity, and so we are continuing to drive sales force productivity. Its been increasing over time as I mentioned. We are focused on existing salespeople and getting their productivity as well as the new salespeople. It ranges from things like training, the tools we give them, making sure we hire the right profile, etc., and so all of those things are driving sales productivity and thats the single biggest driver. And then the second one is obviously adding capacity over time, which is were planning to add between 15% to 20% more salespeople over time. And that helps with the long-term but the thing that really drives it is what we get with productivity, which is why were so focused on that.
Brian Karimzad  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And one of your competitors had some issues with productivity. Did you get a sense that you were able to take some share in the quarter as a result of that?
Gene Hall: Well as I mentioned, were very happy with our productivity and as I said, the productivitys good. Its going the right direction and thats what we like to see.
Brian Karimzad  Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions.) With no further questions in queue I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Hall for any closing remarks. Please go ahead, sir.
Chris Lafond: Great, and before Gene finishes up I just wanted to follow-up on Kellys question on the symposium. Kelly, were seeing good double-digit growth in both attendees and exhibitors in our Orlando symposium so in excess of 10% on the attendee side and even faster than that on the exhibitor side. So I dont have all of the final, final calculations but its in that range and it was a very strong event. Gene?
Gene Hall: Yep, its Gene. I just want to thank everybody for joining us today. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day. 
Executive: Thanks!

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Shipman - Group Vice President of Investor Relations Gene Hall - CEO Christopher Lafond - Executive Vice President & CFO
Analysts: Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co. David Lewis  J.P. Morgan Daniel Leben - Robert W. Baird & Co. Robert Riggs - William Blair & Company
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Gartners earnings conference call for the Second Quarter 2011. A replay of this call will be available through September 2, 2011. (Operator Instructions) This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be archived on Gartners website at www.gartner.com for approximately 90 days. Ill now turn the conference over to Brian Shipman, Gartners Group Vice President of Investor Relations, for opening remarks and introduction. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Shipman: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Gartners second quarter 2011 earnings conference call. With me today is our Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall and our Chief Financial Officer, Chris Lafond. This call will begin with a discussion of the quarterly financial results disclosed in todays press release as well as an update of our increased revenue guidance followed by an opportunity for you to ask questions. Id like to remind everyone that the press release is available on our website. That web address is www.gartner.com. Before we begin, we need to remind you that certain statements made on this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the companys 2010 Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I would encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in those documents. The company undertakes no obligation to update any of its forward-looking statements. With that Id like to hand the call over to Gartners Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. Gene?
Gene Hall: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Our second quarter results for 2011 continued the trend of accelerated growth that we have delivered through the successful and consistent execution of our strategy for growth. The fundamentals of our strategy are, first, to create extraordinary research insight. To built strong sales capability. To deliver high value offerings. To provide world call service. And to continuously improve our operational effectiveness. This strategy has been successful across our businesses and across all geographies. In the second quarter of 2011, growth in research contract value was the fastest since early 2007. Our contract value ended at the highest level ever reported in Gartners history, up 16% year-over-year, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, to over $1 billion. The 16% year-over-year increase in research contract value was driven by both record second quarter new business and strong and client and wallet retention. New business was the highest of any second quarter in Gartners history and wallet retention once again reached 100%. This growth was achieved despite a mixed global economic environment. Our events business performed extremely well in the second quarter, a strong year-over-year increases in attendees and in revenue. In consulting, the strong pipeline we discussed last year converted to 9%  sorry, last quarter converted to 9% sequential improvement in backlog in Q2. We are confident this business will perform in line with expectations for the full course of the year. Continued positive momentum in our growth has been driven by the success of our initiatives to improve sales force productivity, drive higher client retention, and penetrate new clients. IT and supply chain management remain the best way for companies to improve in any macroeconomic environment. These areas are and will continue to be complex and continuously evolving.  IT and supply chain professionals need expert assistance and insight to help them make critical business decisions that they face virtually every day. Gartner is the best and most cost effective resource they can turn to for that help. And often makes the difference between success and failure in any economic environment. Our strong contract value growth and high retention rates continue to be a testament to this fact. I have never been more confident in or excited about our prospects for continued accelerated growth than I am today.  We have vast untapped market opportunity for our service, which we estimate at over $45 billion for research alone. There are hundreds of thousands of IT and supply chain practitioners who could potentially be Gartner clients, but have never been educated on the value we can provide. The Gartner brand is in a class by itself. Our products and services lead the market and we have a great business model. Gartner is the strongest company its ever been. With that Ill turn it over to Chris for additional details on our results and financial outlook.
Christopher Lafond: Thanks, Gene, and good morning everyone. The continued successful execution of our strategy resulted in another quarter of double-digit year-over-year growth in revenue, earnings and cash flow in the second quarter of 2011. Our results once again demonstrated our ability to consistently deliver on the long term financial objectives we established and communicated over the last few months since our Investor Day in February. Let me start today with a review of our business segment results for the second quarter and finish with a discussion of our outlook for the remainder of 2011. In research, second quarter revenue was up 20% as reported and 14% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. The gross margin in this segment increased 2 points year-over-year to 67.3% as we successfully capitalized on the operating leverage we generate as revenues grow. Our research business clearly accelerated in the second quarter. With the success of our initiatives to improve sales capacity and effectiveness, we grew contract value year-over-year by 16% excluding the impact of foreign exchange to a record level of $1.7 billion. Recall that contract value related to our acquisitions of AMR and Burton was included in the reported contract value in Q2 2010, and so this performance is a true reflection of the growth in our business. This quarters year-over-year growth is notable given that our comparisons were increasingly difficult this quarter, yet we showed acceleration in contract value growth. As Gene mentioned the second quarter of 2011 was the fastest growth for contract value that we recorded since the second quarter of 2007. At the same time we showed acceleration from the first quarter which puts on pace to hit our long-term target of 15% to 20% growth for the full year. New business increased 26% year-over-year and consistent with the trend over the past few years was balanced between sales to new clients and sales of additional services and upgrades to existing clients. In addition approximately 85% of our contract value growth came from volume versus price. This volume growth reflects our success at continuing to penetrate our vast market opportunity with both new and existing clients. And as a result we ended the quarter with 11,607 client organizations, up 5% year-over-year. In additional to sales of new subscriptions, our contract value growth continues to benefit from our discipline of annual price increases and no discounting. Over the long term we continue to expect to increase our list prices by 3% to 6% per year. From a client perspective our retention continues to improve as we retained more of our clients and the clients we retained increased their spending on Gartner research. Client retention increased one point year-over-year to 82% and we have maintained client retention near our all time highs for four quarters in a row. Wallet retention increased seven percentage points year-over-year to over 100%. Wallet retention is higher than client retention due to a combination of increased spending by retained clients and the fact that we retain a higher percentage of our larger clients. As we have discussed in the past our retention metrics are reported on a four quarter rolling basis in order to eliminate any seasonality. In summary our research segment continued to perform strongly and growth accelerated in the second quarter. We grew our contract value by $135 million on a year-over-year basis. We are seeing increasing levels of demand from our clients and we expect continued acceleration in revenue and contract value growth over time. As a result we remain confident in our ability to deliver 15% to 20% annual revenue growth in this business over the long term. Turning now to events. The strong performance of our events business in recent periods continued in the second quarter. Revenue increased 28% year-over-year on a reported basis and 24% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. During the second quarter we held 21 events with 11,295 attendees, compared to 9,697 at an equal number of events in the second quarter of 2010. On a same events basis, which is some of events held in the second quarter of 2011, were also held at some point in 2010, revenues increased 27% on a reported basis or 24% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. This revenue growth reflects strong growth in both attendees and exhibitors. We continue to benefit from our efforts to increase client retention by enhancing the client experience and value that our events provide. On this same measurement basis attendees increased 14% and the growth in attendees coupled with sales effectiveness initiatives helped drive a 13% increase in exhibitors on a same event basis. In the second quarter the events gross contribution margin increased by seven percentage points year-over-year to 46%. This was driven by three factors. First a shift in our events calendar with one high margin mature event held in Q1 last year that moved to Q2 this year. Second, the elimination of two lower margin events, and third and most importantly, continued growth in attendees and exhibitors at our ongoing events. These results following our 24% increase in revenues in the first quarter of 2011, excluding the impact of foreign exchange and 21% increase in revenue for the full year 2010, clearly demonstrate that continued strength in our events business is being driven by the high value that attendees find in our events. We expect this foundation along with our strong advance bookings for the remainder of the year, will translate into strong growth for the full year 2011. With these strong first half results our events business remains on track for another outstanding year and Ill talk more about our outlook in a few minutes. Moving on to consulting. As we told you last quarter our sales pipeline heading into the second quarter was solid and up significantly year-over-year. Our successful conversion of the pipeline resulted in much stronger bookings than we experienced in the first quarter and a sequential increase in the backlog of 9%. Backlog, the key leading indicator of future revenue growth for our consulting business ended the quarter at 95 million. This represents a healthy four months of backlog and additionally our pipeline looks equally strong again as we start the third quarter. Revenue in consulting grew just under 3% year-over-year as reported and declined 2% excluding the benefit of foreign exchange. Billable headcount of 490 reflects our continued investment in transitioning to a managing partner model for this business. Second quarter utilization was 64% and revenue per billable headcount remained above $400,000 per year ending the quarter at $414,000. While the revenue results for the consulting business continue to be slightly below our original expectations, we remain very optimistic for the outlook for this segment for the rest of 2011. This confidence stems from many factors including, as I mentioned, an improved backlog at the end of the second quarter and the fact that our pipeline remains strong and up significantly compared to this time last year.  Moving to the income statement. During the first quarter our total gross contribution margin increased by 2 percentage points year-over-year to 58.3%. This increase was due primarily to the successful execution of our strategy to capitalize on the operating leverage inherent in our research business and to a lesser extent having a seasonally stronger quarter in our events business. SG&A increased by $22 million year-over-year during the second quarter. The increase was attributable to the growth on our sales force as well as the impact of foreign exchange. As of June 30, we had 1146 quota bearing sales associates and since December 31 we added 95 sales people, remain on track to achieve our target of growing our sales force by 15% to 20% for the full year.  We again reduced G&A as a percent of revenue year-over-year by continuing to tightly control G&A costs across the entire company. Moving to earnings, we delivered another strong quarter. Normalized EBITDA was $68 million, up 19% year-over-year and diluted income per share was $0.32, up 60% year-over-year. Our normalized EBITDA margin increased to 18.6% from 17.1% or a 150 basis points. This trend continues to reflect our commitment to improving margins even as we invest in the growth of our business. As expected our Q2 2011 GAAP diluted income per share included $0.02 per share of non-cash amortization cost associated with the AMR and Burton acquisitions. Turing to cash. As we expected our strong performance in the quarter translated into an increase in cash flow, mainly driven by cash from operations which increased 14% to $89 million. For the full year 2011 and on to the long term we continue to expect to generate free cash flow substantially greater than our net income, given our tight cash management and the negative working capital characteristics of our research business. During the first quarter we deployed excess cash principally to return capital to our shareholders, through our share repurchase program. We repurchased over 930,000 at a total cost of just under $36 million. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet and cash position with net debt of $95 million. Our current credit facility runs through December 2015 and at this time provides with $350 million of remaining borrowing capacity. We have ample cash flow and liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive increased shareholder value. We continue to look for attractive acquisition opportunities as a potential use of cash. In the absence of appropriate acquisition opportunities we believe that repurchasing our stock remains a compelling use of our capital and we have over 416 million remaining under our existing board authorization. Now let me turn to our business outlook for the remainder of 2011. 2011 is off to a strong start and were well positioned for double digit revenue, earnings and cash flow growth this year. The details of our guidance are included in our earnings release issued this morning, but let me take a minute to highlight some of the changes. Overall on a consolidated basis were raising the low end of our previous issued revenue guidance by $10 million. And were raising the high end of our previous revenue guidance by $5 million. With respect to research we now expect revenues between $995 million and $1.15 billion for the year. We are raising our range on both the low and high end by five and expect this segment to grow between 14% and 17% for the full year. Next in consulting we now expect revenues of between $310 million and $325 million. While we modestly reduced the top end of our previous guidance range we still remain confident this segment will grow between 3% and 8% for 2011 consistent with our long term objectives. In our events business we now expect revenues between $135 million and $145 million, an increase of $5 million to both the low and high end of our previous guidance range. From a seasonality perspective I would highlight that our third quarter will have eight fewer events as compared to the second quarter. Additionally, the majority of these events will be held outside the U.S. and are smaller in scale. Advance bookings for both exhibitors and attendees was very strong for events we would hold in Q4, which our symposium season and seasonally the largest quarter of the year. And as a result we expect stronger revenue growth from the events business in Q4 then during Q3. There are no other changes to our previously issued guidance. So to summarize, Gartners research business experienced acceleration in the second quarter, growing CB at its fastest pace in 4 years and we generated double digit growth in research revenue. We are deploying our substantial cash flow both to invest in our business and return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program, and finally we are well positioned for double digit revenue, earnings and contract value growth and increasing returns to our shareholders for the full year and over the long term. With that Id like to turn the call back over to Gene before we take your questions. Gene?
Gene Hall: Thanks Chris. Russ Fradin has been a highly valued member of Gartners board since 2007. He recently changed jobs and was named CEO of a major technology company that Gartners covers in our research. Russ understands the importance of Gartners research objectivity and independence, and with great sensitivity to that has resigned. We will miss him and wish him all the best in his new endeavor. With that wed now like to take questions. 
Brian Shipman: Larry, were ready to take Q&A now.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Peter Appert of Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks, good morning. So Chris, the margin leverage continues to be very impressive in the context of the sales force expansion, so youve in the past talked about comfort I think with low 20% kind of operating margins. Im just wondering if youre rethinking the potential leverage in the business and the upside potential in margins in the context of the performance youve been able to generate.
Christopher Lafond: Great, thanks Peter. Its a great question. Yes, as we have said all along our first goal was to drive the business back into the 20% range and then take a look at where it is from there. Obviously at the beginning of this year we looked at our expectations we originally had thought we could grow margins annually between zero and 100 basis points. If you recall at Investor Day we increased that to 50 to a 150. So we continue to be very confident in our ability that even as we expand this sales force, grow and invest in the businesses as we have been doing, that well continue to see margin expansion. And so as you have seen this year were continuing to see it in the 100 and 150 basis point range this year. So our expectation is we certainly think that for the foreseeable future we can keep driving this into the mid twenties and as we said before that doesnt necessarily mean thats where the ending point is. So at this point I would expect that we can continue to see the kind of expansion that we think we can see in that 50 to 150 basis points for quite some time.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great, thanks Chris. How important have the AMR and Burton deals been to the margin leverage story? Is that a key driver?
Christopher Lafond: I wouldnt say its a key driver to the margin leverage. You know obviously anytime we do an acquisition we have the opportunity to reduce some costs, particularly around G&A, but those were two relatively small business. So I would say in those two cases the cost takeout was a relatively small impact. On the margin, they were certainly probably less scale obviously and less profitable then Gartner, so certainly as we bring them into the Gartner business we can get some leverage out of that. But I would say given their size and scale that was not the major driver of any of our financial margin results.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. And Gene, a lot of concern in the market in terms of potential weakening macro environment, your results dont seem to reflect that. And any color in terms of tone of business, what youre hearing back from sales people etcetera?
Gene Hall: Yeah, Peter, its Gene, so a great question. In fact I just got back from a meeting with our sales leaders strewn around the world, and Ive never seen them more enthusiastic and energized about the opportunity we have in future growth prospects that they are seeing today and through the rest of the year and going forward from there. So lot of enthusiasm now and in terms of our client feedback continuing enthusiasm as well. So if you relate this to IT, as I said in my remarks earlier, IT remains kind of the single best leverage point for most companies to improve their business and they recognize that and are focused on it, and we are the best source of help for that. Now I think that fundamentally was driving the continuing strong demand for our services.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. And just one last thing. Gene, so the AMR and Burton deals obviously have worked out quite well. I know you would be interested in doing other things. Is there anything on the table, anything in the pipeline that looks intriguing?
Gene Hall: Peter, as I said before, acquisitions continue to be of interest to us as they always have. We track a number of companies and obviously I cant comment on any specific company or segment or anything like that.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Dave Lewis of J.P. Morgan. Please proceed.
David Lewis  J.P. Morgan: Hey, good morning guys. I just want to  Gene or Chris, if you could just comment on inquiries and overall, the overall technology industry and perhaps the questions youre getting in  just the pulse of inquiries right now?
Gene Hall: So the inquiries from our clients are up substantially year-over-year. Its up slightly more than our overall growth as a business. And the main things that  the top topics that people are interested in are, one, continues to be cloud computing. And other one is how best have mobile applications  applied mobile applications to their business. 
David Lewis  J.P. Morgan: Thats great, Gene. And can you also just touch on the corporate level and the executive level participation in these conversations or involvement. I think that has  youre seeing a bit of a change there but does that help the sales? Are you seeing more involvement from executives that have to be more in touch with technology than say last year or a few year ago?
Gene Hall: Yeah, great question. We have about 3500 CIOs as our clients around the world. So basically we are out there talking to the technology leaders of virtually every important institution in the world. And obviously thats a big help for understating what their priorities are and advising them on how to improve their businesses.
David Lewis  J.P. Morgan: Thats great. And one last one and Ill roll off here. Chris, could you provide just a little bit of guidance on your currency, foreign exchange with their guidance and what their contribution might be there?
Christopher Lafond: Thanks Dave. Yeah, its a good question. Obviously, foreign exchange rates have moved around quite significantly. As you know when we start the year and give our guidance we try not to anticipate. You know its not our job to anticipate foreign exchange. So when we set the guidance within the year we used kind of the rates around January 1st. When we did this latest guidance we used the rates over the last week or so when we finalized our guidance. So we have not made any assumptions that are going to change from here. If they do we will obviously revise our guidance as we get through the next quarter. So there is obviously a lot of uncertainty and were not trying to be predictive of where they are going.
David Lewis  J.P. Morgan: Thanks, Chris.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And our next question comes from the line of Dan Leben of Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Daniel Leben - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Great. Thank you. First, if you could talk about trends you saw in Europe during the quarter. Any changes  any differences between the periphery and the quarter?
Gene Hall: Yeah, its Gene. So Europe basically was in trend and I think we saw similar performance across all the countries in Europe. So, no, nothing to call out on any specific country or Europe as a whole.
Daniel Leben - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay, great. And then on the events business youve had very strong performance there, as some of these corporate travel budgets have come back. Help us understand what the opportunity looks like there for adding new events? Are there some things that as you look into 12 and 13 that will have some opportunities to add some new ones?
Gene Hall: So its a great question. Actually were planning that now and we think we can add  that we have the opportunity to add between probably three and ten events each year. And we havent locked that down in terms of what those are going to be for next year but were confident we can do that for the foreseeable future. We dont see any limit in terms of the numbers of events. That will continue to grow up every year as far as we can see out.
Daniel Leben - Robert W. Baird & Co.: And the follow up on that. The bulk of the opportunities taking successful conferences in the U.S. and moving them around the world or are there new opportunities in the U.S. as well?
Gene Hall: Theres actually three kinds of opportunities. So there are new opportunities in the U.S. still, but in our existing were actually seeing great growth in our existing events. And so one of the foundations is that  one of the foundations of our events strategy is continue growing those existing events. And that perhaps is a great foundation for growth. And then as you said continue to add new events in the U.S. and continue to add new events outside U.S. as well. So one of the reasons were seeing such robust growth from events is that were both growing the existing events. Again we dont see any natural limits to that as well. As well as adding these other events to it over time. And thats kind of whats providing the great growth. Obviously its just been supported by the relax in travel restrictions but I think the other two factors are kind of even more important.
Daniel Leben - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Great, thanks Gene.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Robert Riggs of William Blair. Please proceed.
Robert Riggs - William Blair & Company: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. As we think about the 2011 guidance, research has performed very well, events has performed very well. Is consulting really going to be the swing factor that gets you towards the higher end of that or at the low end or is there still some room in in the research business?
Christopher Lafond: Well, when you think about each of the three segments, Rob its Chris, first as you get through the year, research gets pretty tightly predictable. Obviously with our subscription revenue so the ability for the research number to move pretty significantly gets smaller and smaller as you move through the year. So I would say that the research number, barring foreign exchange movements, is pretty tied in that range. Events, obviously fourth quarter is our biggest events period. Its our symposium season. Its probably 50-60ish percent of the revenue stream for the year. So its a big quarter. We have great visibility right now into early bookings on the exhibitor side. Its trending as high as its ever been for those conferences so we feel really good about those events. Obviously attendees book a little closer to the events so the visibility there is a little less. So there is obviously still some variability which is why the range is still relatively wider there, in that business. But, again, right now everything is trending nicely. All of our events continue to see the kind of growth that I shared earlier on the 20% to 30% revenue growth in those events. So thats all looking really strong. Consulting, we have a nice four months backlog now. We are entering the back half of the year with strength. As we talk about many times, our contract optimization business is the piece of the business that has a little less visibility for us. And so  and a little less consistent seasonality as to when clients are doing large deals which is why we have the range we have there. So I dont think consulting should be a huge driver to the overall revenue variability but thats the way you should think about each of the three business segments and how the visibility we have to each of them.
Robert Riggs - William Blair & Company: Great, thanks. And when you think about driving the increased penetration at your existing customers, any changes with the sales force to drive that productivity higher. Be it incentives or the way they are approaching their business. Whats kind of the key there with your existing clients?
Gene Hall: So we have a lot of focus on driving sales force productivity and if you look at the numbers our sales force productivity has been going up quarter by quarter. And its a whole series of programs ranging from, making through hire the right people to the best training programs and any sales force. And all those things apply actually to new clients as well as with existing clients. When you focus on making great sales people it doesnt really matter whether they are sales additional stuff to existing clients, whether theyve actually got new clients. And in fact thats where we are seeing really good strength across both upgrading existing clients. Selling additional things to existing clients as well as adding new clients. So all three of those have been very robust. And its  because if youve got great sales people, those sales people can sell in all three of those environments.
Robert Riggs - William Blair & Company: Great, thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions)
Christopher Lafond: Great. Well, if there is no more questions, just one clarification. During my comments, this is Chris, earlier I made a comment that during the first quarter we repurchased 930,000 shares at a cost of 36 million. That should have been during the second quarter. For the full year 2011 weve repurchased about 2.3 million shares at a total cost of about 87.9 million. So with that unless there are any other questions Ill turn it back to Gene.
Gene Hall: Thanks, operator. I think that will do it for us today. And thank you everyone, if you have any additional questions please contact Brian Shipman at 203-316-3659. Have a great day.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-08 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Hank Diamond - Group Vice President Investor Relations Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer, Director Christopher J. Lafond - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
Analysts: Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co. William Sutherland - Boenning & Scattergood David Lewis - JP Morgan Brian Murphy - Sidoti & Company Laura Lederman - William Blair
Operator:  Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Gartner Inc.s earnings conference call for the first quarter of 2009. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the conference over to Hank Diamond, Group Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir. 
Hank Diamond: Good morning, everyone and thank you all for joining us. On the call with me today are Gartner's CEO, Gene Hall and CFO, Chris Lafond. Before we discuss our results, I would like to remind everyone of four things.  First, the rebroadcast, reproduction, and retransmission of this conference call or webcast without the expression written consent of Gartner are strictly prohibited.  Second, if you did not receive a copy of our press release it is available on our website at www.gartner.com, or on the first call system.  Third, the company will be making statements about its future results and other forward-looking statements during this call. Statements about future results made during the call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations in the current economic environment. Forward-looking statements and projections are inherently subject to significant economic, competitive and other uncertainties and contingencies which are beyond the control of management. The company cautions that these statements are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Important assumptions and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements and projections are specified in the companys filings with the SEC, including in its annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2008.  Finally, during the call the company will be using certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under SEC rules. Where required, we have provided a reconciliation of those measures to the most direct comparable GAAP measures in the tables and the press release.  Before I turn the call over to our CEO, let me briefly review the highlights of our first quarter 2009 financial results. Starting with earnings, EPS from continuing operations increased 50% year over year to $0.21, net income was $20 million, and normalized EBITDA increased 20% year over year to $48.3 million.  At March 31, 2009, contract value, which is a key leading indicator for Gartner's research business, was $760.7 million. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, contract value increased 2% year over year.  Revenue increased 1% year over year excluding the impact of foreign exchange and was $273.5 million for the first quarter. Cash from operations increased 4% year over year to $14.8 million and capital expenditures were $4.5 million.  Finally, on the balance sheet, as of March 31, 2009, the company had total debt of $338 million and cash of $70.3 million.  In addition to announcing first quarter earnings, we raised the low end of our full year 2009 guidance for EPS from continuing operations in normalized EBITDA and we reiterated our guidance for revenue and cash flow from operations. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. 
Eugene A. Hall: Thanks, Hank. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. There are four key points that I would like you all to take away from our call today. First, our results last quarter continue to demonstrate the value our research provides in supporting the critical need to run effective and cost efficient IT operations and programs. As a result, we are well-positioned to succeed in both good economies and bad.  Second, we are effectively executing a strategy to both control expenses and maximize profitability during the current downturn, while at the same time positioning the company for long-term growth.  Third, our businesses are performing well. Revenue trends are in line with our expectations and our focus on controlling costs allowed us to generate substantial earnings growth and solid cash flow in the first quarter.  And fourth, we are well-positioned to quickly return to double-digit revenue and earnings growth as the global economy returns to more normal activity levels and we remain confident in our long-term outlook.  Now let me now address each of these points in more detail. Starting with point one, Gartner's well-positioned to succeed in the current economic environment. Our three businesses -- research, consulting, and events -- have strong synergies with a clear focus on IT cost optimization and effectiveness.  This portfolio of products provides a comprehensive suite of offerings that support critical operational and strategic decisions that IT leaders must make to run effective and cost-efficient IT programs. Our research provides our clients with tremendous value at relatively small cost and in fact is often self-funding.  Our size and scale is a significant competitive advantage at a time when companies are scrutinizing every expense to ensure that value is being delivered. With almost 1,200 analysts and consultants, we continue to demonstrate that our research offerings are differentiated in this market.  Importantly, the extremely low single-digit turnover in our analyst community means that our clients will build relationships and work with the same analysts over many years.  In addition, the role-based research approach that we pioneered back in 2005 provides a strong foundation for our continued product enhancement [inaudible].  The breadth and depth of our research, coupled with this leading position allows us to be the most capable partner for our four target client segments -- CIOs and their organization, technology companies, professional service firms, and investors.  More than anyone else, we have the credibility, capability, and resources to deliver value and effectively support our clients in any economic environment.  The benefits of all of this can be seen by the fact that during the first quarter, our client retention rate remained within two points of its all-time high. Both our client and wallet retention rates remain the highest in the industry and we are now doing business with almost 250 enterprises that we were not working with at the end of last year.  Another statistic that we track closely is research client inquiries, which increased 27% in the first quarter of 2009, versus the first quarter last year, as clients look to us for advice during these difficult times.  Our first quarter results demonstrate that clients need us now as much as ever to help them deliver real hard dollar cost savings across their IT environments.  Turning to point two, we are executing the appropriate strategy to control expenses and maximize profitability during the current downturn, while at the same time positioning the company for long-term growth.  At investor day in March, we reiterated our focus on continuing to execute the successful strategy we implemented in 2005. The strong financial performance we have delivered over the past three years reinforces our commitment to this strategy. Our approach to managing the business in todays economic environment is based on experience and our proven track record of success during this time.  In anticipation of the potential impact of the economic downturn, during the fourth quarter of 2008 we implemented a set of extremely rigorous expense controls across the entire company. In early January, we took a number of actions to reduce costs, including the elimination of 120 positions, the cancellation of 18 events, the reduction of many other expenses, and significantly lower capital spending from our 2008 levels.  Our focus on tightly managing and prioritizing expenses provided us with the ability to deliver the result we reported today.  After assessing Gartner's past performance, it is clear to me that maintaining both sales and research analyst capacity is critical to client satisfaction, retention, and long-term growth. As a result, we have held sales territories and research headcount flat. Total headcount is down approximately 2.5% from last quarter as we are focused on replacing only critical client-facing positions.  We are also making a number of operational enhancements to improve performance in the current environment. For example, weve armed our sales force with the tools to demonstrate the positive return on investment that our research can generate, which of course makes our services a more attractive investment for our clients.  These actions and others should increase the effectiveness of our sales force and ultimately drive improved retention and higher new business over time.  With regard to our product portfolio, continuous innovation and enhancement is critical over the long-term. In this environment, we are very selectively investing in those product enhancements that will possibly impact our results in 2009.  We also continue to maintain our pricing discipline of selling the differentiated value of our offerings and not discounting.  We are prudently and tightly managing our business during this economic environment. We will continue to make the hard decisions to reduce cost and prioritize our spending, if necessary, while at the same time making selective investments to ensure that we are positioned for long-term growth.  Turning to point three, the revenue trends in our businesses are in line with expectations and our focus on controlling costs allowed us to exceed earnings expectations in the first quarter. As a result, we have increased the low end of our full year 2009 guidance for EPS from continuing operations and normalize EBITDA, and reiterated our guidance for revenue and cash flow. We continue to see good demand in our research business. We delivered year over year revenue and contract value growth during the first quarter, excluding the impact of foreign exchange.  Our consulting business modestly exceeded our expectations in the first quarter as we continued to see particular strength in our contract optimization business, which generates direct, hard dollar cost savings for our clients.  Looking ahead, backlog ended the quarter at around four months, consistent with last quarter and our expectations, and we continued to see good demand for our consulting services in April.  Finally, events is performing as we expected in this environment. We are seeing good demand but tight corporate travel restrictions are hampering the ability of clients to attend our events. Even so, we had almost 3,000 attendees at our 12 events during the first quarter and importantly, the number of CIOs attending increased from last year. In addition, we are starting to see improvement in advanced exhibitor sales.  On the cost side, the savings we have achieved, coupled with the top line performance of each of our three businesses in the first quarter, enabled us to grow our EPS from continuing operations by 50% year over year and to increase our cash flow as well.  Based on these results and the trends we are seeing in our businesses today, we are well-positioned to achieve our full-year guidance for revenue, earnings, and cash flow.  And to the fourth point, we are as excited today as we have ever been about our long-term prospects and are well-positioned to resume growth quickly as the economy returns to more normal levels.  Our results since 2005 give us confidence we have the right strategy and have built a strong foundation to deliver double-digit growth in revenue and earnings over the long-term. Nothing we are seeing in the current economic environment has caused us to change our view of the growth opportunities for any of our businesses.  Many of the strengths that will allow us to succeed in 2009 also provide the foundation for a quick return to growth if the economy improves. First, Gartner is the premier brand in IT advisory services and our base of 1,200 analysts and consultants are the thought leaders in the industry.  Second, our research is vital to help the IT leaders make the operational and strategic decisions that are required to run effective and cost-efficient IT programs. And third, we benefit from having a vast, untapped market opportunity to sell our research to enterprises that have never before used Gartner services, as well as to sell additional services to our current base of client enterprises.  We are still in the first inning of penetrating this opportunity by growing our sales coverage. There are almost 80,000 enterprises that could potentially use Gartner research, yet we only have sales executives assigned to a minority of these and only 9% are currently clients.  In the first quarter we were able to sell research to 249 new client enterprises as we continue to capture this market opportunity. The actions we are taking now position us to return to growth quickly as the economy improves. Our efforts to improve sales capabilities over the past few years will result in a more tenured and highly trained sales team as we move through 2009.  We know how to effectively recruit and train new sales executives and can rapidly return to sales force expansion as soon as we see signs of improvement in our sales productivity.  Importantly, we have a very strong sales management team. In fact, this is the best sales team that I have worked with throughout my career.  In our events business, we continue to attract a high quality audience of CIOs and senior IT leaders. The number of CIOs attending our events during the first quarter increased from the prior year. It is clear that our events offer a strong value proposition that is relevant to the most senior executives and IT organizations, even in times where every expense is under intense scrutiny. There are no other IT events that offer the same quality content, interact with technology providers, and opportunities to network with peers. Theres pent-up demand to attend our events, which will be released once travel restrictions ease, as we expect that our events business can quickly return to levels of growth that it experienced for many years prior to the economic downturn.  And in consulting, our first quarter performance is proof that clients see the value in our offerings. With a focus on driving significant cost reduction, our bench marking and contract optimization services continue to remain in demand and our core consulting will quickly return to growth once the environment improves.  So to sum things up, we were able to generate modest FX neutral revenue growth, 50% growth in EPS from continuing operations, and solid cash flow during the first quarter. Our services remain highly valued by our clients and we are taking all the right steps to improve sales effectiveness, control costs, and invest for the long-term.  Our businesses are performing in line with our 2009 expectations and we are well-positioned to achieve our full-year 2009 guidance.  In fact, over the past few weeks, I have met with many members of our sales force around the world and they are more energized and more optimistic about the sales environment than they have been in many months. Most importantly, with our premier brand, services that remain critical tools to IT professionals and vast market opportunity, we are as excited as we have ever been about our prospects for sustained double-digit growth in revenue and earnings over the long-term.  With that, I will turn it over to Chris for additional details on our results and our 2009 outlook. 
Christopher J. Lafond: Thanks, Gene and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter results demonstrate that we are taking the actions necessary to deliver strong results during a challenging economic environment. During the first quarter, total revenue increased 1% year over year on an FX neutral basis, driven by the 4% increase in our research segment. This revenue growth, coupled with tight cost controls and continued efforts to improve operational efficiency, enabled us to increase income from continuing operations by over 35%, expand profit margins, and generate solid cash flow.  The execution of our share repurchase program over the past year resulted in a 6% reduction in the fully diluted share count and contributed to a 50% increase in EPS from continuing operations over last year.  Our Q1 EPS is better than the estimated quarterly phasing we provided at investor day due to better than expected revenue in our consulting segment and lower expenses across the company resulting from our tight cost controls. With these first quarter results, we have increased the low end of our EBITDA and EPS guidance and now expect full year normalized EBITDA to be between $170 million and $200 million and EPS from continuing operations to be between $0.66 and $0.87.  Let me now discuss each of our three business segments in more detail. In research, revenue growth was 4% year over year on an FX neutral basis during the first quarter. This growth, coupled with the operating leverage in the business and tight cost controls, delivered a gross margin increase of three percentage points to 66%. The research segment accounted for almost 70% of our total revenue in Q1, up from 66% in Q1 2008. Given the high margins and strong cash flow profile of the research business, we have focused on growing this segment and increasing it as a percentage of our total revenue. That strategy has worked as research was only 54% of total revenues back in 2005.  Contract value increased 2% versus Q108 on an FX neutral basis. As expected, and as we communicated on our last earnings call, changes in foreign exchange rates impacted reported contract value. I would like to remind you that research contract value is reported on an FX neutral basis within each fiscal year.  We do this so you can understand the true organic growth in our research segment. In January of each year, we restate the opening contract value to current and foreign exchange rates. This year our contract value as reported was reduced by 5% versus Q108 on the same volume of business solely due to the strengthening dollar.  From a product perspective, our year-over-year contract value growth continues to be driven by the success of our [inaudible] base offerings. As of March 31st, Gartner for IT Leaders, our role-based product for the end user market, accounted for $188 million of contract value, up 19% year over year excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Gartner for business leaders, our role-based products for the technology market, represented $101 million of contract value, up 50% year over year, excluding foreign exchange.  Collectively, these two products were up 28% year over year FX neutral and accounted for 38% of our total contract value. We expect continued growth in these products from both new clients and migrations of existing clients for the foreseeable future.  Our executive programs offerings for CIOs also continued the trend of solid year over year growth in contract value, up 5% FX neutral to $192 million at March 31st.  Continuing to penetrate the vast market opportunity for research services also contributed to our year-over-year contract value growth. As Gene mentioned, we gained 249 enterprises as new clients during the first quarter.  Client retention was 80% and this key metric has remained consistently between 80% and 82% since the first quarter of 2005. Wallet retention was 90% on an FX neutral basis, demonstrating that we are retaining our larger clients and on average, the clients we retain continue to spend more with us. Retention remains a key focus and we have a number of initiatives underway to drive retention rates higher over time.  Overall the results in our research segment demonstrate that our clients recognize the critical value our research delivers, particularly given that our services focus on helping clients reduce cost and operate efficient and effective IT programs. Demand for our research is solid and we continue to retain the majority of our existing clients and penetrate new client enterprises.  Moving on to consulting, revenue for the first quarter was better than our expectations and particularly solid given the economic environment. As we experienced in 2008, our contract optimization business, with its compelling value proposition and [inaudible] dollar ROI showed continued demand and was the primary driver of consultings out-performance.  As mentioned on our fourth quarter call, we took the action in January to reduce billable headcount in consulting and as a result, we maintained solid productivity during the first quarter. Utilization for the quarter was 72%, up two points from the fourth quarter and unchanged year over year.  As of March 31st, consulting backlog remained at about four months of revenue and is in line with our expectations. As with research, we continue to see good demand for our consulting services.  Turning now to our event segment, our events are performing roughly in line with our expectations. We held 12 events with over 2,800 attendees in the first quarter. The number of events was unchanged from the first quarter of 2008. The number of attendees and exhibitors at the event that were held in Q1 were in line with our expectations. Moreover, we are starting to see improvement in exhibitor sales, which bodes well for the future performance of this business.  On the cost side, our events business remained solidly profitable with first quarter growth contribution margin of 31%. Weve maintained profitability in this business as a result of the actions we have taken in the current environment, including holding 54 events this year as compared to 70 in 2008.  Our events are a platform for the delivery of timely relevant research content and therefore have remained valued by both attendees and exhibitors alike. Our results to date are consistent with our guidance for the full year.  Moving down the income statement, our tight focus on cost controls enabled us to decrease cost of service by approximately 4% versus 2008 first quarter on an FX neutral basis. Similarly, we decreased SG&A versus the first quarter last year on both an absolute dollar basis and as a percent of revenue, despite the fact we grew our sales force during this period by over 100 quota bearing associates. SG&A was 42% of revenue during Q109 versus 44% last year. Both sales expense and G&A were down as a percent of revenue.  Turning to cash, for the first quarter of 2009, operating cash flow increased 4% to $14.8 million, driven by our strong operational performance. Keep in mind the first quarter is always our seasonally weakest for cash flow, primarily due to the payment of annual bonuses and year-end sales commissions. Our accounts receivable aging position is extremely strong with all past due and over 90 amounts at their lowest levels in many years, both in total dollar and percentage terms.  Our cash collection effectiveness remains solid, given the environment. We are on track to achieve our full-year guidance for cash flow from operations of between $100 million and $125 million, which is substantially above our net income, given the working capital characteristics of our research segment.  The impact of our tight expense controls across the company is also reflected in the year over year reduction of capital expenditures in Q1 by 40% to $4.5 million. We expect capital expenditures to be at the lower end of our guidance range of $15 million to $20 million for the year, down from $24 million in 2008. We are reviewing every item of spend for opportunities to reduce cost in this environment.  During the quarter, we deployed our cash to reduce the outstanding balance on our revolving credit facility in order to reduce our interest expense. As of March 31st, our balance sheet and liquidity position is strong, with total debt of $338 million and cash of $70 million. Our credit facility runs through January 2012 and it provides us with $250 million of available borrowing capacity. We have ample cash flow and liquidity to continue to grow our business and execute initiatives that drive shareholder value.  Over the long-term, we continue to believe that repurchasing our stock remains a compelling use of our capital and we have over $80 million remaining under our existing share repurchase program. In the near-term, we are prudently managing and maintaining a strong balance sheet and liquidity position in light of the uncertain economic environment and credit markets.  Now on to our financial outlook for 2009 -- we have increased the low-end of our 2009 full year EBITDA and EPS guidance and now expect full-year normalized EBITDA to be between $170 million and $200 million, and EPS from continuing operations to be between $0.66 and $0.87.  The details of our guidance can be found in our earnings press release issued today. Note that the guidance reflects the elimination of the other segment, which is now consolidated into the research segment.  Let me discuss a few of the highlights -- for our research business, we continue to retain the majority of our clients and to sign new business for both new and existing clients. Moreover, as Gene mentioned, our sales force is optimistic about the sales environment. We expect research revenue to be roughly flat in 2009 on an FX neutral basis and over the long-term, we still expect to grow research revenues at 15% to 20% per year per our long-term financial roadmap. Our consulting business entered the year with about four months of backlog and our first quarter revenue exceeded our expectations, due primarily to continued strength in our contract optimization business. We are encouraged by the fact that the strength we experienced in this area during 2008 continued in the first quarter and we expect this [inaudible] will continue to perform well for the balance of the year.  We ended the first quarter with backlog at about the same four-month level we saw at year-end 2008, and therefore remain comfortable with our guidance for this segment. Over the long-term, we still expect to grow this business 3% to 8% per year.  For our events business, the attendee and exhibitor volumes are trending as we expected. As we discussed in our fourth quarter call, in order to maximize profitability of this business in the current environment, we expect to hold a total of 54 events in 2009 versus 70 in 2008. We remain comfortable with our guidance for this segment and over the long-term we still expect events revenues to grow at a rate consistent with our long-term target of 5% to 10% annually.  With regard to expenses, as we discussed on the fourth quarter call, we took numerous actions to reduce and control costs in 2009. These actions contributed to the strong results we reported today.  With our confidence in the market opportunity and growth prospects, we have executed these changes while maintaining the size of our sales force. We will also continue key product development efforts like enhancing existing and launching new products, and we will maintain the current level of analysts to ensure we deliver on our client commitments.  While our policy is to provide annual but not quarterly earnings guidance, I wanted to provide an update on the seasonality of our revenues and earnings. Our first quarter earnings were higher than the quarterly phasing we provided at investor day for two reasons -- first, revenues from our contract optimization business and consulting remain strong in Q1, continuing the strength we saw in Q4, and our cost control efforts yielded greater savings in Q1 sooner than we originally anticipated. And as a result, we are increasing the low-end of our earnings guidance.  I would also like to remind everyone that we decided not to hold our spring symposium events in 2009. These two events were held in Q2 of 2008 and so the seasonal pattern of events revenue will be different this year than last. As we discussed at investor day, we expect events revenue in Q2 to be approximately 17% of the full-year revenue for this segment. This was 34% in 2008.  Before I turn the call over to Q&A, let me summarize. We are taking all the right actions to both manage our cost structure in the short-term while at the same time investing for accelerated growth once the economy returns to more normal levels. With our premier brand, services that are critical to our clients, and vast market opportunity, we are confident that we will resume the double-digit revenue and earnings growth that we consistently delivered from 2005 through 2008.  And with that, we will open up the call for questions. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Good morning. Thanks. Chris and Gene, the margin performance is certainly particularly impressive and I am wondering -- I guess this is for Chris -- how much does it cost do you think could come back as the revenue growth improves? How much is permanent reduction? And I guess the real question is does this make you feel perhaps a little more optimistically about the potential margin target over the next couple of years?
Christopher J. Lafond: So a couple of things -- I think in order to understand that, you have to look at each of the three segments separately. So for example, in consulting, we are managing very tightly the resources in consulting to match the demand, so as we see backlog improve over time, well match the resources with that backlog and visa versa as weve said earlier, if the backlog declined, we would adjust our resources appropriately.  On the event side, it is a function again of the number of events we decide to hold and the attendees at the events. There are certainly some variable costs related to who attends the events and on the flip side, we also have a lot of fixed costs. So once you decide to have an event, all the venue costs are fixed, so theres some leverage there on the upside as we continue to grow there.  On the research side, I think what youve seen over time is that business has a significant amount of operating leverage inherent to the business, and so -- in fact, probably for the past three or four years, weve been relatively flat in terms of the research analyst base, and so I think weve done a really good job of finding ways to leverage and improve the productivity of our analysts and drive that. So thats kind of each of the three segments.  I think when you look at some of the G&A and other costs, I think some of the costs weve taken out are clearly things that dont have to return. We are being very focused on things that improve our operational effectiveness and so we feel pretty good that some of the costs that we have taken out are things that can remain out of the cost structure.  In terms of our longer term, which is the last part of your question, as weve said many times, weve been driving towards an EBITDA, or a normalized EBITDA margin of about 20% and driving into that range, we still feel very comfortable over the long-term that thats very achievable. In fact, as youve mentioned, some of the cost actions we are taking certainly are things that we feel will help us get there over time.  So all in all, I think we still feel very good about that expectation. 
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay, great. Thank you. And then Gene, I think you mentioned some initiatives to drive retention rate improvement. Can you dig into that a little further?
Eugene A. Hall: Peter, basically in terms of retention, we are very focused on it and we have both initiatives with our sales force and with our service people, and with our analysts to focus on retention. And the thing that is most important in terms of retaining our clients is really making sure that they use the services that they get the most value out of. So we are really focusing all three of the segments I mentioned -- the sales force, our analysts, and our service people, on making sure that clients are aware of and utilize the things that are most important to them.  An example is we have a number of ways to help clients save costs in their IT operations and actually through their business, and not all clients may be aware of that and so we are making sure that clients are aware of those services and utilize them. When they -- we know that when they utilize those things, our renewal rates are very high. So thats the essence of it. 
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay, so not necessarily changes in the [inaudible] structure or the pricing?
Eugene A. Hall: No, were not seeing -- with pricing, we are seeing very stable. We dont see any issues with pricing at all and feel like our account structure is working fine as well. Its really making sure -- we have a vast array of services and it is making sure that we match what clients have the most value to the services that we have and that they are aware of it. And again, because there is such a vast array, they are not always aware of it and so we are getting I think much better at making sure clients get connected to the services they get the most value out of. 
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. And I know you havent felt this to be a significant issue in the past, but I am just wondering in the context of the macro environment, Ive got to think some of the competitors are more aggressive from a pricing standpoint. Do you hear back anything from the sales force on that?
Eugene A. Hall: Again, our pricing has been very stable. We dont see any issues with pricing at all. 
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Right, okay. And then the last thing, Gene, I see that Tim Noble is departing as head of sales. And I am -- you know, hes been there a while. Im just wondering how disruptive to the sales organization that change is. 
Eugene A. Hall: Thats a great question. Its not disruptive at all. Tims departure was not a surprise to us. I mean, Tims been a terrific sales leader with us over the past three years and built a great organization. But he lives in London and as you know, we are headquartered in Stanford, Connecticut. He has two young children and he is -- you know, he was leading a global sales organization and the travel being based in London and running a global sales organization took him away from home a lot, and so he has opted to take a job that has very limited travel. In his new job, he will only have responsibility for the U.K. and Ireland, so it wont be global at all, and so he will have a lot less travel.  We knew that this a -- we werent surprised with this at all and we have good succession planning in Gartner. In sales, we are -- as you know, we focused on building our sales team over the last four years. We have a great sales team with a very deep bench and we have actually a cadre of successors. The new person we have is a lady named Diane Julian who is going to take over from Tim. She has been at Gartner for 19 years, so she understand Gartner extremely well. She has held a series of increasingly significant leadership roles over time. She has a great team record. She has a fabulous record of success and it will be a very smooth transition. You know, she and the whole sales team -- and the rest of the sales team is stable, and so weve got a deep bench, a new leader who was part of our succession planning, and is a very -- in a very orderly way and she has a great track record. 
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks, Gene. Let me just sneak one other thing in -- what was the sales count at the end of the quarter, and still looking to hold that flat through the year?
Eugene A. Hall: Yeah, Peter the sales, the quarter bearing sales headcount was 930. It ended last year at 928, so essentially flat. What we said we were going to do throughout this year is maintain the current number of territories we have, so there are a few open positions, so if we do a good job of retaining, that number might go up a little bit but net of it is it is going to stay relatively flat for the year. At this point, our expectation would be that as we start to see sales productivity improve back to the levels that we had been experiencing prior to the downturn, thats when we would start to ramp up the sales organization again. 
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of William Sutherland with Boenning & Scattergood.
William Sutherland - Boenning & Scattergood: Good morning and thanks for taking the questions. Chris, do you have a deferred revenue number at 331? I dont have a balance sheet in my press release. 
Christopher J. Lafond: Deferred revenue ended the first quarter at $374 million. 
William Sutherland - Boenning & Scattergood: Okay. Thank you. 
Christopher J. Lafond: And did you indicate that you -- I know that you directed a lot of the positive cash flow to debt reduction in Q1. Do you think thats kind of the program for the rest of the year, primarily?
William Sutherland - Boenning & Scattergood: Well, what we did in the first quarter, as you rightly pointed out, we did use about $70 million to pay down a part of the revolver. We have about $50 million outstanding on the revolver and total debt I think outstanding of about $338 million at this point. For the balance of the year, we do have some scheduled payments on the term portion. I think thats about $50 million for the remainder of the year so some portion of our cash will go towards our normal term payments.  We have been, as we mentioned earlier, very thoughtful and careful about managing our balance sheet and liquidity position in light of the uncertainty, both in the economic environment and the credit markets. But we still do believe that share repurchases are an attractive use of our cash over the longer term and as we start to feel more comfortable both with the environment and the credit markets, well make some decisions as to when to resume under that program and be more aggressive in repurchasing shares. 
William Sutherland - Boenning & Scattergood: Thanks. Gene, how do you -- as you look at the potential acquisition marketplace, any thoughts on that for us at this point?
Eugene A. Hall: Great question. So we have a business development group. We look at acquisitions all the time and its an important part of our strategy but I cant really comment on any specific targets or timing. 
William Sutherland - Boenning & Scattergood: But does the -- does it feel like its more constructive kind of environment to be looking in at this point, or is it not anymore interesting?
Eugene A. Hall: I think it is a constructive time to be looking. 
William Sutherland - Boenning & Scattergood: Okay, good. Thank you, all. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Lewis with JP Morgan.
David Lewis - JP Morgan: Good morning, guys. I just wanted to see if you could talk about the sales pipeline. It sounds like from your comments, you guys have described the sales feedback as optimistic and is it fair to say that the pipeline, I know its [inaudible] during 4Q, its recovered in Q1 and its better than what you perhaps thought at the end of Q4?
Eugene A. Hall: I guess I would characterize it as being kind of in line with our expectations, the sales pipeline. And again -- actually, the pipeline is in line with our expectations and the -- as I said earlier, I met with sales people around the world over the last three weeks and their level of optimism about the marketplace is more positive than its been in months -- definitely an up-tick trend there. 
David Lewis - JP Morgan: Okay, great. Thanks. And the second question, the growth in IT Leaders and business leaders has been tremendous. Can you just give us a sense for where that is coming from, primarily? Is it coming more from new clients or is it existing clients? And is the pricing different between the two of them thats perhaps driving that? 
Eugene A. Hall: So basically the growth in those -- both those products is from both new and existing clients and its kind of proportional to the amount of overall growth we get from those two different segments, so its not just one or the other. The pricing on those products is -- you know, we have a policy on those products that every client pays the same amount. So we have legacy products where people bought over the last 10 or 15 years even where pricing is not all the same, necessarily. On all the new products and sales to new clients even of the old products, we have constant pricing so its the same for everybody. Its just kind of a fair market for all of our clients there.  But the growth rate is not being driven by any price differences or something like that. Its being driven by were selling new clients on these products, or new individuals in existing clients. 
David Lewis - JP Morgan: Okay, thats great. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Murphy with Sidoti & Company.
Brian Murphy - Sidoti & Company: Thanks for taking my question. Chris, I may have missed this, but could you just remind us what was in the other revenue line and why it makes sense to include that on the research revenue line now?
Christopher J. Lafond: Sure. The other revenue line, if youve been paying attention, one of the things weve done over the last few years is kind of rationalized our -- some of our other products, which kind of didnt fit neatly into our three segments. Weve reduced those over time. The other segment this year, the revenue line was expected to be somewhere in the $7 million range for the full year, which had come down consistently. The only thing that really remained in that segment was reprints of research notes, which some clients like to buy and distribute, and so as a result of looking at that, looking at how immaterial it had become to the overall segment reporting and that it was focused on research reprints, we decided to consolidate it into the research segment. 
Brian Murphy - Sidoti & Company: That makes sense. Chris, also, deferred revenue, down about 17% year over year -- how much of that was FX and how do we think about the decline in deferred revenue relative to the 3% to 6% decline in research revenue implied by your guidance for the balance of the year?
Christopher J. Lafond: The first thing is that the deferred revenue includes all three segments, so if you look at each segment separately, first consulting with a 25% decline in backlog, you would expect a corresponding and possibly more decline in the deferred because there is some lumpiness in deferred as we had bookings come in and out at different times during the quarters.  Events -- obviously we didnt have or, as I mentioned earlier, not going to have a spring symposium where we would have had at the end of Q1 of 08 a pretty significant deferred revenue balance related to that both on the attendees that were going to attend as well as the exhibitor, so that was another significant portion of the decline.  Foreign exchange had a pretty significant impact -- if you think about the foreign exchange impact on total revenues, it was pretty sizable and that similar impact also affected the deferred revenue, so when you add all those pieces together, you can kind of understand why the deferred revenue balance trended the way it did in the quarter. 
Brian Murphy - Sidoti & Company: Got it. Thats very helpful. Just one more -- Chris, could you just give us some color on sort of the difference between the modest decline in client retention and the sharper decline in wallet retention? I mean, are clients maybe scaling down their research consumption there, or is there less sort of up-sell? Just any color would be helpful, and thats it for me, thanks. 
Eugene A. Hall: Basically whats going on there is we are seeing clients stay with us but where they have had, you know, for example, lay-offs if they have laid off a bunch of people in their organizations that used to be seat holders, they dont keep those seats. And so what we are really seeing is that clients stay with us but where they have had dislocations and things like that, they are cutting back. And so thats really the difference. Theres a bit of a reduction for the same reason in new business to existing clients as well, and so its the combination of those two factors. The clients see their value in our services so they stay with us but if they have fewer people that would have been using our services, then obviously they dont keep those things in place. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Laura Lederman with William Blair.
Laura Lederman - William Blair: Thank you for taking my question and nice job in a very difficult environment. Following up on the pricing question, you mentioned that the pricing is holding up. Can you talk a little bit about competitive actions and are they pricing more? And separately, are customers coming to you saying will you give us a better price and you simply say no? And have customers walked from that? So just a little bit more around the pricing environment. 
Eugene A. Hall: Basically weve not seen, anymore than any other time, clients coming and saying we are going to leave if you dont reduce our price, or whatever. I mean, we always have a very minor level of noise on that stuff but at the end of the day, people dont decide to buy our services or not buy our services because again, our average price is $18,000 for research, as an example, per user. And so if its $19,000 versus $18,000 versus $17,000 is not the swing factor -- its how much value they get out of the services. And our services are highly differentiated from competitive offerings and clients understand that they are very different offerings. And so we dont really -- again, at a very tiny level, we might get once in a while someone coming back with something like that but its not any different than in the past. 
Laura Lederman - William Blair: Following up on the pricing, what about pricing actions of others, or is the market, since theres not that many players -- you, AMR, Jupiter, Forester -- what are you seeing in general out of the competition?
Eugene A. Hall: Again, our services are pretty highly differentiated and so the -- we are sort of focused on the deals we are doing and havent seen that as an issue. 
Laura Lederman - William Blair: Okay. Moving on, you mentioned that -- or Chris mentioned that this is a better time for acquisitions. Have pricings come down materially or potential acquisition targets still expecting prices that dont make any sense and havent reflected the change in the environment?
Eugene A. Hall: Well, public company prices have come down quite a bit and -- 
Laura Lederman - William Blair: Thats true. I meant the private, yeah. 
Eugene A. Hall: Yeah, the private, I think its a whole mix of people. People, it depends on the individual target and different companies have different expectations and different, frankly, levels of need to do a deal and so its a matter of finding the right strategic fit with the right pricing. 
Laura Lederman - William Blair: And would they more likely be international, U.S., product additions -- can you give us sort of a high level view of the type of things that you would be looking at?
Eugene A. Hall: We would mostly be looking at acquisitions that are related to and would add to our core IT advisory service business. 
Laura Lederman - William Blair: More in the U.S. or international?
Eugene A. Hall: In either -- both, basically. As you know, we are a global company. We are in 80 countries and we like both opportunities domestically as well as around the world. 
Laura Lederman - William Blair: And final question for me and then Ill pass it on -- could you talk a little bit about what you are hearing out of CIOs? I know collectively you spend a lot of time with tech people. Are they feeling in generally better? Are they planning to kind of hold their budgets more in the first half and spend more in the second half? If you just give us a little bit of color on what you are hearing out there from the IT world?
Eugene A. Hall: Theres a lot of distress in the economy and the CIOs feel that distress and it is -- we look at this by industry, by size of company, by geography around the world and what we have seen is that it is -- it is sort of -- the high level of distress is relatively uniform around the world in terms of what the companies are feeling and CIOs feel that as well. And so if you look at it, the -- this level of distress, my sense of it is, consistent with what I said about our sales forces, as we went through Q1, people kind of are figuring out where they are and getting more comfortable and more comfortable with making decisions than they were at the beginning of Q1.  In terms of sort of the specifics, we are expecting IT spending to decline about 3.8% during 2009 at this point, so thats kind of the quantitative version of that.  The good news is things have -- despite all the chaos, things have settled down. I think people are more comfortable making decisions because theyve got their 09 budgets, they know what they can do, what they cant do. 
Laura Lederman - William Blair: And a lot of the vendors say that Europe is weaker than the U.S. -- you dont see any difference between the two markets at U.S. and EMEA?
Eugene A. Hall: In terms of our business, weve seen kind of the same level of impact across geographies. 
Laura Lederman - William Blair: Interesting. Thank you so much. 
Operator: At this time, I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Gene Hall for closing remarks. 
Eugene A. Hall: I want to thank everyone for joining us today and we look forward to reviewing our results next quarter with you. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Thank you and have a good day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-05 10:00:00) =====
:
Executives: Hank Diamond  Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance Gene Hall  Chief Executive Officer Chris Lafond  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jeff King  William Blair Peter Appert  Piper Jaffrey Dave Lewis  JPMorgan Brian Murphy  Sidoti & Company
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Gartner, Incorporated earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full year 2008. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Hank Diamond, Group Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance for opening remarks and introductions. Please go head, sir.
Hank Diamond: Good morning everyone and thank you all for joining us. On the call with me today are Gartner's CEO, Gene Hall and CFO Chris Lafond. Before we discuss our results I would like to remind everyone of four things. First, the rebroadcast, reproduction and retransmission of this conference call or webcast without the express written consent of Gartner are strictly prohibited. Second, if you did not receive a copy of our press release it is available on our website at www.gartner.com or on the FirstCall system.  Third, the company will be making statements about its future results and other forward-looking statements during this call. Statements about future results made during the call constitute forward-looking statement within the meaning of the Private Securities and Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations and the current economic environment.  Forward-looking statements and projections are inherently subject to significant economic competitive and other uncertainties and contingencies which are beyond the control of management. The company cautions that these statements are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Important assumptions and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements and projections, are specified in the company's filings with the SEC, including in its annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2007.  Finally, during the call the company will be using certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under SEC rules. Where required we have provided a reconciliation of those measures to the most direct comparable GAAP measures in the tables and the press release. Before I turn the call over to our CEO, let me briefly review the major points from today's press release. At December 31, 2008, contract value, which is a key leading indicator for Gartner's research business was a record $834 million, up 11% year-over-year as reported and 8% excluding the impact of foreign exchange.  Revenue for fourth quarter 2008 was $347 million, a year-over-year increase of 1% as reported and 6% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. And revenue for the full year 2008 was $1.279 billion, an increase of 9% as reported and 8% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. EPS from continuing operations for fourth quarter 2008 was $0.35 per share versus $0.36 per share in fourth quarter 2007 and EPS from continuing operations for full year 2008 was $0.98, up 51% over 2007. For the fourth quarter 2008 net income was $34 million and the normalized EBITDA was $66 million. For the full year net income was $104 million, up 41% versus 2007 and the normalized EBITDA was $213 million, up 12% versus 2007. Turning to cash flow and liquidity, for the full year 2008 Gartner generated $184 million of operating cash flow, up 24% versus 2007 and spent $24 million on capital expenditures. During 2008 the company repurchased 9.7 million shares of its stock for a total of $199 million. On the balance sheet the company had total debt of $416 million and cash of $141 million as of December 31, 2008. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Thanks, Hank. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. During 2008 Gartner grew its total revenue by 9%, including 15% growth in revenue from our research segment. We expanded our profit margins. We generated $184 million of operating cash flow, added new clients and ended the year with record contract value. We achieved these results despite an already weak economic environment which deteriorated sharply and rapidly during the fourth quarter. Our results demonstrate the tremendous value that our services provide to our clients, our vast market opportunity and the effective management of IT programs and investments is always a critical business function. Even during the fourth quarter when macroeconomic conditions worsened substantially, we were able to grow our revenue and EPS due to the resiliency of our resulting research and consulting businesses. Although companies became increasingly more cautious on spending in November and December, both our existing and potential clients continue to recognize the importance of using Gartner services. As a result we were able to deliver 11% FX neutral growth in research revenues and 8% FX neutral growth in consulting revenues. In research we grew contract value to a record of $834 million at December 31st. Up 8% year-over-year excluding the impact of foreign exchange. This growth was broad-based across all industry sectors, including financial services, and was driven by sales to both existing clients and new client enterprises. We added 201 net new enterprises as clients in the fourth quarter, growing our base of client enterprises by 3% versus the third quarter and 5% year-over-year. We were also successful at renewing business with existing clients as demonstrated by our 82% client retention rate and 98% wallet retention rate. Overall the majority of our contract value growth continued to come from volume versus price. Now these results are a testament to the fact that both existing clients and potential new clients recognize that our research is a critical tool in running a cost effective IT program.  In consulting, fourth quarter results were stronger than expected and this was driven by robust demand for our contract optimization and benchmarking services. These unique services directly help our clients lower costs and their outperformance continued the positive trends from the second and third quarters. Our core consulting revenue also grew in the fourth quarter, although demand for new engagements has slowed and we ended the quarter with lower backlog of $97 million.  Finally, events revenue declined by 7% FX neutral, which was within our expectations. As discussed on our last earnings call that business has been impacted by corporate travel restrictions which have made it more difficult for our clients to attend our events. However, even with these restrictions we still had over 16,000 attendees during the quarter and in addition, exhibitor revenues have been hurt by reductions in marketing spending at technology companies. Turning to 2009 we've built our operating plan with the assumption that the economic environment neither improves nor worsens this year as compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. In order to maximize profitability in this uncertain environment, we've taken a number of actions. For example, we reduced our cost structure by eliminating approximately 120 jobs, primarily in non-quota bearing and non-client facing functions and suspending a restructuring in a internal programs that are not critical to revenue generation. We expect that these actions, along with others, will generate approximately $50 million in cost savings in 2009. Second, as we do every year, we carefully evaluate each of our events to determine which to retain and which to discontinue. Based on this analysis, in 2009 we are discontinuing 18 of our least profitable and lest strategically important events and we're launching only two small new events. Although we've cut costs in certain areas, we're still investing in the long-term growth of our business. We're also continuing to invest in areas such as product development and customer service so that we can continue to enhance the value our services provide to clients, which is a key driver of client retention and growth over the long term. In addition, we plan to hold our number of sales territories roughly flat in 2009 and focus during this period on increasing productivity so that we are well-positioned for growth once the economic environment [break in audio]. Before turning the call over to Chris, let me briefly comment on our preliminary 2009 guidance, which Chris is going to discuss in more detail. Two thousand nine is a very difficult year to forecast due to the highly uncertain economic environment. While the economy was weak for most of 2008, conditions got substantially worse during the fourth quarter and nobody knows for certain whether we've seen the bottom or when things will start to improve.  As a result, we've set a wide range of expectations based on the trend we saw in our businesses in the fourth quarter and no expectation of change in the macroeconomic environment. We believe this is a prudent approach given the highly uncertain environment. Beginning with research, we expect revenues to be roughly flat on an FX neutral basis. This is not in our view being driven by weak IT spending. Enterprises are expected to spend about $3.5 trillion on information technology in 2009 and the modest cost of a Gartner research subscription can help them spend these dollars much more efficiently. Thus, as our fourth quarter results demonstrate, clients continue to value our research, whether IT spending is relatively up, down or flat. So while the demand for our research remains strong what has been impacted are the approval hurdles that clients must overcome to buy our services. Aside from facing layoffs, bankruptcies, and other organizational chaos in the current environment, many of our clients and potential clients must often get CFO approval even for the relatively small amount of spending required for a Gartner research subscription. As a result we've seen sales cycles linked in substantially, which is impacting our near-term growth. Once macroeconomic conditions improve we remain confident in our ability to grow our research business at 15% to 20% annually over the long term. In consulting we expect revenue to decline approximately 16% on an FX neutral basis. This is consistent with our backlog levels at year end, and the expectation that we will not repeat some of the big contract optimization deals that we benefitted from in 2008.  Finally in events, we expect revenue to be down approximately 29% on an FX neutral basis. This is due to our decision to hold fewer events this year, coupled with both the expectation that the corporate travel restrictions will continue to impact our clients' ability to attend events and that reduction in marketing spend by technology companies will impact exhibitor revenues. So based on this outlook we expect to generate normalized EBITDA of $165 to $200 million, EPS of $0.63 to $0.87 and operating cash flow of $100 million to $125 million. So to summarize, during 2008 we generated 9% revenue growth and 51% EPS growth from continuing operations despite a very challenging economic environment.  Even during the fourth quarter when macroeconomic conditions deteriorated significantly, we generated revenue growth including double digit growth in our research business. We were able to achieve these results because our services remain a critical tool to IT professionals regardless of the economy and they provide a high value at a relatively low cost.  With that, I'll turn it over to Chris for additional details on our results and our '09 outlook.
Chris Lafond: Thanks, Gene, and good morning. I'll start today with a review of our full year results and fourth quarter results and finish with a discussion of our full year outlook. Our fourth quarter revenue and earnings results were in line with the guidance we provided in our third quarter earnings release despite an economic environment that as you know deteriorated significantly and rapidly during the quarter. On an FX neutral basis total revenues for the fourth quarter increased 6% over 2007. EBITDA and EPS were also in line with expectations, including the costs related to the elimination of approximately 120 positions, which we announced on January 8th. We have seen continued demand for our products and services in this environment because organizations have a critical need to reduce costs and effectively manage their IT programs and investments regardless of the economy. Let me now discuss each of our business segments in more detail. In research, year-over-year FX neutral revenue growth was 11% for the fourth quarter and 14% for the full year. Despite the environment we delivered both sequential and year-over-year growth in contract value. On December 31st contract was a record $834 million, up 11% year-over-year and 3% sequentially. On an FX neutral basis contract value [increased] 8% from December '07.  Our client retention rates increased slightly from Q3 to 82% and remained at the levels experienced throughout 2007 and early 2008. At 98% our wallet retention rate also remained in the range we expected. These retention rates demonstrate that the demand from our existing clients for our research services remain solid. I will point out, however, that our clients' ability to increase their spend at the levels we experienced in 2007 is clearly being impacted by the economic environment. Growth in contract value also came from gaining new client organizations and enterprises throughout the year and during Q4. While the majority of contract value growth continued to come from new business volume we also increased our effective selling prices in 2008. As previously communicated we announced a 3% price increase on our research products in Q3 and this took effect in Q4.  These results highlight two things. First, our sales expansion efforts enabled us to further penetrate our untapped market opportunity throughout 2008 and in Q4. And second, in a period of uncertainty and increased scrutiny at many companies, the value of our research services and helping clients achieve critical strategic objectives is recognized. Importantly, the sequential and year-over-year growth in contract value continued to be very broad-based across all client sizes, geographies and industries. From a research product perspective our role-based offerings continued to be an important driver of research growth and an increasing percentage of our total contract value.  As of December 31st Gartner For IT Leaders, our role-based products for the end user market accounted for $203 million of contract value, up 32% year-over-year, and Gartner for business leaders, our role-based products for technology market represented $101 million of contract value, up 82% year-over-year. Collectively these two products were up 45% year-over-year and accounted for 37% of our total contract value. We expect continued growth in these products from both new clients and migrations of existing clients for the foreseeable future. Our Executive Programs offerings for CIOs also continue this trend of double digit growth in contract value, up 13% to $214 million at December 31st. The continued growth and inherent operating leverage in the research business led to a full year 2008 gross contribution margin increase in this segment of 2 percentage points to 66%. This increase included severance charges related to the January action. Fourth quarter gross contribution margin was 64% and excluding these expenses would have increased one point year-over-year. As you can see from these metrics our research business continued to grow in the fourth quarter despite an economic environment that deteriorated more significantly than we expected. On the FX neutral basis 2008 full year growth of 14% approached the low end of our long-term roadmap for the segment of 15 to 20% annual growth. Our research continues to be highly valued by clients and our performance during the fourth quarter demonstrates that there is a vast untapped market opportunity for our services. While contract value grew sequentially in Q4, the macroenvironment did begin to impact our results. Research growth from both existing clients and prospects is being impacted by lengthening sales cycles as companies deal with layoffs, restructurings and other challenges resulting from the turmoil in the economy. As a result, both retention rates and new business in Q4 trended down versus last year. I'll discuss this further when we get to the 2009 guidance in a few moments. Moving on to consulting, our consulting business exceeded our expectations for revenue growth in the fourth quarter and for the full year. During the fourth quarter consulting revenue increased 8% on an FX neutral basis. For the full year 2008 revenue was up 6% on an FX neutral basis which is within our long-term growth objectives for this business of 38%.  As we experienced in the first three quarters of 2008 our contract optimization and benchmarking practices, both of which have clear value propositions and ROIs were stronger than expected. And in fact we had an exceptionally strong quarter in our contract optimization business. Productivity remained solid with fourth quarter utilization at 70%. For the full year utilization with 72%, up 3 percentage points over 2007 and ahead of our long-term target of 70%. Average billing rate and annual revenue per billable headcount were both up 3% and 7% respectively for the full year. All of these metrics reflect our successful focus on improving the productivity and profitability of this segment. For the full year gross contribution margin increased 2 percentage points to 41% driven by these productivity improvements and included the impact of severance costs. For the fourth quarter gross contribution margin in the consulting segment was 39% and excluding the impact of severance expense this would have been 41%. As of December 31st consulting backlog was $97 million, down 20% year-over-year as our fourth quarter bookings slowed with the weak economic environment. As with research we also witnessed lengthening sales cycles for consulting engagements. This level of backlog represents approximately four months of revenue as we enter 2009.  During the fourth quarter we saw year-over-year growth in both our contract optimization and benchmarking practices. While we ended 2008 with 499 billable consultants, the action taken in January reduced this by approximately 30 to match delivery resources with our backlog as we enter 2009. Turning now to our events segment, this segment, this segment faced a number of challenges during 2008, particularly in the fourth quarter. As discussed in our last earnings call, we have seen a significant increase in travel restrictions and other expense controls implemented at many companies. This clearly impacted the attendance at our conferences. We held 17 events with over 16,000 attendees in the fourth quarter, compared with twelve conferences in Q4 of 2007.  Normalizing for the timing of events held during the fourth quarter, attendance at the twelve events also held in the prior year was down 14% as a result of the severe travel restrictions. For the full year, we held 70 events compared to 62 last year. The 41,000 attendees we attracted are down 6% year over year. Our events are platformed for the delivery of immediately actionable research content and therefore have remained valued by these attendees even in the current economic environment. On the exhibitors side, technology company budgets came under severe pressure in Q4, and in particular marketing budget cuts reduced the number of exhibitors at our events as compared to 2007. As a result of these macroenvironment factors, events revenue for both the fourth quarter and the full year 2008 were down 7% on an FX neutral basis. This was in line with the guidance we provided back in October. We anticipated the fourth quarter revenue to decline and we were able to take action to reduce costs in the events business. Gross contribution margin for the quarter was 46% but would have been 49%, excluding the impact of severance expenses. For the full year, gross contribution margin was 43%. We remain confident in the importance of the events to our overall portfolio and the value that our conferences provide as witnessed by the 16,000 people who attended during Q4. As you will see when I discuss guidance in a few moments, we have decided to reduce the number of events to be held in 2009, as we do not expect this year to be an environment where smaller events will be profitable. Moving down the income statement, the increase in SG&A reflects the continued investment in our sales organization which grew headcount of 15% during the year to 928 sales associates. As we communicated earlier in the year, we decided to add additional sales capacity in 2008 based on our first half performance. During Q4, we decided to hold off additional hiring and expect minimal growth hires in the sales organization in 2009.  Year-over-year SG&A expense comparisons in the fourth quarter were negatively impacted by 2 million due to the severance expenses. We continue to carefully manage SG&A, which remains roughly flat as a percent of revenue for the full year of 2008. Turning now to cash for the full year of 2008, operating cash flow increased 24% to $184 million, which exceeded our guidance. The growth in cash flow was driven by our strong operational performance coupled with tight management of working capital. In particular, our accounts receivable position improved significantly from last year, with receivables over 60 days on December 31, well below last year and near an all-time low.  Capital expenditures remained at the 2007 level of $24 million and cash tax payments were less than originally expected. As a result, we generated free cash flow per share substantially in excess of our earnings per share and were able to convert a significant percentage of our EBITDA into operating cash flow. During 2008, we deployed our cash primarily to re-purchase stock. We repurchased 9.7 million shares at a total cost of $199 million. As a result, our fully diluted shares outstanding decreased 9% in 2008 versus 2007. Over the long term, we believe that re-purchasing our stock remains a compelling use of our capital, and we have over 82 million remaining under our existing authorization. In the near term, we will carefully manage and balance the returns from share-repurchase against the prudence of insuring that we maintain a strong balance sheet in liquidity position in light of the uncertain economic environment and credit markets. At December 31, we had total debt of $416 million and cash of $141 million.  To summarize our 2008 performance, we generated 9% revenue growth, 12% normalized EBITDA growth, and 51% EPS from continuing operations growth despite the rapidly worsening economic environment. We continue to invest to accelerate the long-term growth and profitability of our research business through new product launches, sales capacity and client service improvements. This positions us for growth when client spending returns to normal levels. We improved all key operating metrics in our consulting business with utilization up three points, driving a contribution margin increase of two points for the year. We face significant challenges in our events business with both attendance and exhibitor participation down from 2007. We generated $184 million in operating cash flow by effectively managing as aspects of working capital, most notably accounts receivable. And we returned significant cash to our shareholders by re-purchasing close to ten million shares of outstanding stock. Now we move on to our financial outlook for 2009. Our 2009 guidance has been established in the context of the rapid and severe deterioration of the economy that we witnessed during the fourth quarter. We have prudently and realistically assumed that the same economic environment that we experienced during the fourth quarter persists throughout all of 2009. All the economic data and evidence that we see daily suggests that so far the environment we face in Q1 will be no better than Q4, and we have taken actions in light of this. As this is an extremely challenging environment to forecast, we have provided a much wider range of potential outcomes with this guidance. We can and will make our decisions to effectively manage this business for the long term in this environment. For our research business, this means that the contract value growth for both existing clients and prospects will continue to be influenced by the unprecedented challenges facing many companies and our clients today, including lay-offs, business re-structuring and other organizational operational issues. These challenges and the resulting uncertainty will result in lengthened sales cycles. As we saw during the fourth quarter, this is likely to impact both retention rates and new business. In this environment, we expect research revenue to be roughly flat in 2009. When we have returned to a more normal economic environment, we still expect to grow research revenue at 15 % to 20% per year per our long-term financial roadmap. For our consulting business, we are entering the year with a back load that is 20% below where it was the same time last year. As I mentioned earlier, we had an exceptionally strong quarter in our contract optimization practice during Q4. And while we expect this practice area to continue to do rather well in 2009, we are not expecting to repeat some of the large deals that benefited 2008. With lengthening sales cycles, we are guiding to a 12 to 21% decrease in consulting revenue in 2009. Over the long term, however, we still expect to grow this business 3-8% per year. For our events business, severe travel restrictions and marketing budget cuts in technology companies are expected to significantly impact both attendee and exhibitor participation. As in previous years, we have evaluated each of our events in the portfolio in order to determine which to retain and which to discontinue. This year we decided to discontinue 18 events including our Spring Symposium. This is a larger number than in past years and will reduce annual revenue by $21 million. Unlike the past few years where we have launched around ten new events each year, we plan to launch only two small events during 2009. We do not believe that 2009 is a year conducive to establishing new events. The events we eliminated are those that we felt would have no interest to our clients in the current environment and would generate minimal or no profit in 2009. So we expect to hold a total of 54 events this year, down from 70 in 2008. With fewer events and continued cost controls at our clients, our guidance is for the events revenue is to decline 26% to 33% in 2009. Over the long-term, we still expect revenues for this business to grow at a rate consistent with our long-term target of 5% to 10% annually. With this context, we project total revenues to range from $1.1 to $1.16 billion for the full year. This represents a decline of $9 million to $14 million as reported and 6 to 10%, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Projected revenues by segment can be found in our press release issued earlier this morning. With regard to expenses, and as Gene discussed, we have taken numerous actions to reduce and control costs in 2009, including eliminating approximately 120 positions and reducing the number of events we will hold. Importantly, we have also made conscious decisions not to cut costs in certain areas that we fell would weaken our business or hurt our ability to grow when the economy returns to health. For example, we do not plan to reduce the size of our sales force but rather expect to continue to replace open sales positions throughout 2009. We also expect to continue key product development efforts like enhancing existing and launching new products, and plan to maintain the current levels of analysts to ensure we deliver on our client commitments. To be clear, we could have cut additional costs to improve short-term profitability at the expense of long-term profit growth, but purposely we have decided not to do that. We expect normalized EBITDA for 2009 to range between $165 million and $200 million based on these assumptions. This range of normalized EBITDA is being driven almost entirely by gross contribution  by lower gross contribution expectations from the consulting and events segment. Moving down the income statement, we expect total depreciation and amortization to be approximately $26 million in 2009, interest expense to be approximately $17 million and other expense to be approximately $2 million. We are projecting an effective annual tax rate of between 32% and 33%, and average fully diluted shares outstanding of between 97 and 99 million shares for the year. This all results in an expected EPS range of $0.63 to $0.87. We expect these operating expectations to translate into cash flow from operations of $100 to $125 million and we expect $15 to $20 million in capital expenditures. In 2008, we benefited from a significant improvement in the effectiveness of cash collection. In this environment we do not expect that to continue. In fact, this companys conserved cash given the current state of the credit markets our accounts receivable position could worsen. In addition, for the past few years we have benefited from low cash tax payments. As we discussed last year this is expected to change over time. We believe that repurchasing our stock remains a compelling use of our capital and we have over $82 million remaining on our existing authorization. Minimizing the dilution of our equity compensation plans remains a priority for the deployment of cash in 2009. While our policy is to provide annual but not quarterly earnings guidance, I want to provide some additional information to allow for an understanding of the seasonality and other factors that will impact our revenue and earnings on a quarterly basis. The full year research revenue will be fairly evenly distributed across each quarter of 2009. Consulting revenue will be slightly higher in the second and fourth quarters and approximately 50% of the full year events revenue will be earned in Q4 with the [Plaus] Symposium and other large events held that quarter. We preliminarily expect EPS in the first three quarters to be roughly 60% of the annual EPS with roughly 20% in each quarter, and Q4 is expected to be 40% of the annual EPS primarily due to the timing of our events calendar.  Finally, Id like to spend a moment on the impact of the volatility in the foreign exchange markets on our business. As we have communicated to you in the past research contract value is reported on an FX neutral basis within each fiscal year. We do this so that you can understand the true organic growth in our research segment throughout the year. In January of each year we restate the opening contract value at new FX rates. As a result of the significant strengthening of the U.S. dollar in Q4, contract value on January 1st will be approximately $40 million lower than reported on December 31st. This change is consistent with the treatment in previous years and is solely due to foreign exchange movements and does not imply lower volumes. Our guidance is based on spot rates in early January. We have made no attempt in our guidance to anticipate any strengthening nor weakening of the U.S. dollar from the actual foreign exchange rates in early January. Importantly, we still believe that movements in FX rates will have a minimal impact on our earnings given our mix of revenues and expenses around the world. However, with the continued significant volatility in foreign exchange markets well update you on our quarterly earnings calls during 2009. Although were bracing for a challenging year for growth due to weak and uncertain economic environment, looking ahead were very optimistic about the long-term business fundamentals and market opportunity. We are prudently managing our business to ensure that once the macro environment improves well return to double-digit revenue growth, double-digit earnings growth and increasing returns to our share holders.  With that well open the call up for your questions. Operator?  
 :
Operator:  (Operator instructions) You have a question from Jeff King  William Blair. 
Jeff King  William Blair:  Hey guys. Could you talk about how much your sales cycles have lengthened and also if business was weaker in the enterprise or the middle market?
Gene Hall:   Basically we havent measure precisely how much the sales cycles have lengthened, but looking we do reviews very frequently of individual deals and its our observation that the number of steps it takes to get a deal closed are more than they were a year ago. And as I mentioned in my comments, in many cases, in most cases, if you went back a year ago in past times you wouldnt have to take any of our, most of our contracts up to being signed off by a CFO of the company.  Now, because the cost controls many companies have put in place, people still want to buy but they have to go through our clients who want to buy it, they have to go through more hurdles internally to get it approved, and thats lengthening the sales cycle. And so we havent measured it precisely but its very obvious that thats whats going on. If you look at it in terms of by  if you look at our performance across industries and size of companies weve had similar performance across all industries and all sizes of companies in all geographies for that matter with APEC being slightly better, but the performance has been equal across all of those. So we havent seen the smaller companies get worse than larger companies or something like that, and same thing by industry.
Jeff King  William Blair: Could you guys also talk about your consulting business? So are projects being canceled or are they just shortening?
Gene Hall: So as you saw in our consulting business we actually exceeded our expectations in Q4. What were seeing on a go forward basis is not projects being cancelled but just that our backlog is down more than we would have expected. And so thats sort of whats been going on. So its not projects being cancelled, its more just fewer new projects. One thing Chris mentioned is our contract authorization services are not included in our backlog and so it doesnt reflect that.
Jeff King  William Blair: But could you just comment on why you think the backlog is down so much?
Gene Hall: Well, I think its a combination of two things. First, part of it is the extended selling cycles and that has an impact on consulting just like it does on research. It takes more steps to get consulting projects done. And secondly, I think more companies have kind of blanket limits on new consulting contracts compared to research where that doesnt apply. So theres some companies just would say were cutting consulting. 
Jeff King  William Blair: And then one final question is would you expect your events margin to actually be higher in 2009?
Chris Lafond: No, I wouldnt say that. I think the way we looked at our expectations in the guidance weve given is theres a couple of things. Number one, we certainly eliminated a number of lower margin events so on the face of it you would think the margin would increase. However, weve also expected that our existing ongoing events will have lower attendees and exhibitors than the prior years which will put pressure on the margin, so obviously there is some fixed cost to holding an event and at lower attendees and exhibitors thats kind of what you would expect. So I would not expect that sort of increase so thats not the expectation you should have. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Appert  Piper Jaffray. 
Peter Appert  Piper Jaffray: Gene, the guidance for research in 09 is relative to at least the strength you saw in the fourth quarter seems pretty cautionary, and I guess appropriately so, but should we interpret from that that youve seen some further significant deterioration in the January sales trends?
Gene Hall: No, you should not. Basically it purely reflects, that guidance purely reflects what we saw in Q4 and it basically reflects the down tick in retention that you saw, the slight down tick in retention, and theres also been a modest down tick in the amount of new business. When we look at that over the course of 2009 thats what gives us that result. Chris, you want to comment?
Chris Lafond: Peter, I think Gene is exactly right. I think as our contract value continues to increase a couple of point movement in retention has some fairly significant impacts and as Gene mentioned we started to see a modest decline on a year-over-year basis in new business. So the combination of those two things certainly puts pressure on the early part of the year and its far too early for us to look all the way out to the end of the year, but those are the things that I think we thought about as we looked at the research guidance.
Peter Appert  Piper Jaffray: In the fourth quarter, I think I heard you correctly, right, you said you had 928 sales people at the end of the year?
Chris Lafond: Thats correct.
Peter Appert  Piper Jaffray: Okay, so you did step up the hiring in the fourth quarter. How do you square that with the more cautionary view that you were seeing as the quarter progressed?
Gene Hall: Because of the extended selling cycles our sales productivity has declined and thats kind of whats going on. So while we still see good demand, and Ill just use it illustratively, if it used to take three steps to get a deal closed and now it takes six, our sales productivity declines off of that, and thats kind of whats going on in terms of the capacity.
Chris Lafond: One other thing I'd comment on is if you remember after the second quarter call we started aggressively recruiting, so some of the fourth quarter hiring you saw was actually people we hired in the third quarter. So as I said during my comments when we started to really see the fourth quarter change dramatically we slowed that down but we honored all the commitments to previous hiring because we still think its a good idea to have that capacity. So thats how you should think about. You shouldnt think that we were still plowing ahead making offers in Q4. In fact we slowed that down as we saw Q4 play out. The other thing I would comment on just in terms of the research segment and our continued hiring is you should not expect; were not expecting any degradation in the research margin. So as I said during my comments our guidance and the impact on guidance is really driven out of the consulting events segments not of any degradation in the overall margin rates in our research business.
Peter Appert  Goldman Sachs:  And then, Gene, finally you started your comments with some fairly strong statements with regard to your view as to the criticality of the Gartner product, etc. How do you square that then against the deteriorating sales trends?
Gene Hall:  So again, Peter, what's going on is clients want to buy our products. The internal hurdles they have to go through to get things approved are a lot tougher than they were if you went back a year ago. I'll give you kind of an extreme case. Again, as I said, we review deals all of the time.  There was a client we have where the CIO was fired and they put the IT Department reporting into the head of HR. The people who worked for the CIO all signed contracts with us to buy new services, the head of HR basically then said I'm not going to let you buy anything right now until the new CIO comes on board because some of you guys might not even be working here anymore. And so it wasn't lack of demand it was the internal difficulty that many companies have are slowing down the processes. I've seen many clients like where a new CIO comes on board and they get approved, but it took a lot longer and a lot more sales effort than it did before. That's different than if we were seeing that people in stable situations were just saying, oh we don't need Gartner anymore. We're not seeing that. We're seeing people, that our demand, fundamental demand is just as strong as ever. But the steps required to get a contract closed with all of the organizational chaos, the economic dislocations that are going on and the tight cost controls companies have in place just makes the selling cycle a lot longer than it used to be.
Chris Lafond:  One other comment I would make as most of Gene's comments were around kind of existing clients and what we're seeing there. But also just to be clear on new clients we talked about it during our comments is we did penetrate new clients during the quarter. We were able to sign growth deals with new clients. So even in challenging environments and even in companies that when you see the kinds of clients we signed are having significant challenges. We saw some of those companies signing new deals that were not previously clients. So all of those combinations is how we kind of get comfortable that there's still real demand out there.
Peter Appert  Goldman Sachs:  Back as recently as '06 the wallet retention was in the low 90s is that sort of a benchmark that you think might be relevant in terms of thinking about the macro-environment currently?
Chris Lafond: It's a great question. We certainly think it's not out of the question that you could see a decline in the wallet retention rate. We started to see a little bit of decline in the fourth quarter from the previous trend line, so certainly we had been running kind of a 100, 101 dip to 98. So our current expectations aren't that it necessarily goes that low but that is I don't think anything that you say is completely out of the question as we think about it. However I think our guidance assumes more kind of what we saw in the fourth quarter as opposed to it significantly weakening from there.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your next question comes from Dave Lewis  JPMorgan. 
Dave Lewis  JPMorgan: First question is have you seen an impact from your government contracts, any material cancellations in 4Q or thus far in this quarter? And what's the vulnerability there going forward in light of the budget crisis on the state and federal level?
Gene Hall:  We've seen no different environment for contract cancellations in Q4 than in previous periods and that applies to all industries including government sector.
Dave Lewis  JPMorgan: Could you just provide a little more detail on pricing? You mentioned the 3%. Is that pretty firm? Are you getting that 3% through 4Q and how is that trending in the first quarter thus far?
Gene Hall:  So long term our strategy has been to increase prices 4% to 7% a year which is what we did in '07. Toward the end of '08 when we do our normal price increase given the macroeconomic situation we decided it made sense to have it a little bit lower. And really it's because we don't want to see, provoke an emotional reaction with clients on that. And through Q4 we didnt see any  that kind of approach worked in the sense we didn't see a lot of push-back on the 3% price increase. Meaning that in our average research product for new products revenue was $18,000 per user. And so people don't not buy because there's a 3% price increase on the $18,000 and that's kind of the net of it. So through Q4 we didn't see a lot of push-back on that 3% as opposed to the 5% to 7% that we had done previous years.
Dave Lewis  JPMorgan:  I just want to be clear on the commentary with regard to the first quarter. You guys are assuming that you're seeing an environment that's similar to 4Q and your forward-looking guidance, but are the trends thus far through January are they still similar to 4Q? And the reason I'm asking is obviously trends in many other industries are worse and so that's just a concern that things could be getting worse as we speak.
Chris Lafond: Currently, two points, we're not seeing anything different. It's far too early to really tell. January is one of the smallest months of the whole year for us. But in that small volume we've seen we haven't seen anything different than we saw in the fourth quarter at this point. But I wouldn't necessarily read into that trend one way or the other because it's far too early.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your final question comes from [Brian Murphy]  Sidoti & Company.
[Brian Murphy]  Sidoti & Company:  Chris, you mentioned that you stepped up the sales force headcount and sales force productivity is depressed from previous levels. At what point do you start to add to the sales force again? Would you be doing than when we have productivity returning to previous levels or would you do it ahead of that?
Gene Hall:  I'll answer that one. Basically we're thinking that  we're looking for a reasonably short payback in productivity on our sales people. So when we saw a situation where we could kind of get a breakeven in their first year, cost versus their kind of incremental profitability, what they sell, that's kind of in the first 12 to 18 months that's what we're looking for. So what's going on is, as we hire new people and their productivity is lower in their first year than after their first year. And so if we can get kind of a marginal breakeven or better in the first 12 to 18 months that's when we'll hire more people.
[Brian Murphy]  Sidoti & Company:  And, Gene, you mentioned that you're sticking with your sort of long-term target of growing research revenue about 15%. Would you expect to get most of that growth sort of as you have in the past by aggressively growing the sales force or would you expect to get more from productivity gains?
Gene Hall:  I'd say we expect to get both kind of equally. In other words we think we can get a lot higher productivity than we out before this economic downturn. As you know, over the past three years we improved our sales productivity every year consistently. We think that will continue after the downturn. So basically once the economy recovers we're going to be back on the track. We're on track now to get sales productivity up even in this environment. We think it will continue to go up from where it was, from the high point after the economy turns around. Having said that we'll still add headcount as well again based on the kind of economics I was just talking about. So we'll add headcount as fast as we can operationally absorb it and as fast as we can afford it. And we're still going to focus on sales productivity improvements as well, and those have not topped out by any stretch.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks. Please proceed.
Gene Hall: Although we expect 2009 to present a challenging environment for growth we remain confident in our ability to generate double digit revenue and earnings growth once the economy returns to more normal levels. We've taken decisive actions to control costs in the current environment but we're still investing in our businesses so that we're well-positioned for long-term growth once the macro-economic environment improves. The Gartner brand is in a class by itself. Our products, services and people are superior to the competition. We have a great business model and we benefit from a vast untapped market opportunity. With these great capabilities I remain very optimist about the future success of our company. Thanks for joining us today and I look forward to reviewing our results next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes our presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Hank Diamond - Group VP of IR and Corporate Finance Gene Hall - CEO Chris Lafond - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs Laura Lederman - William Blair Dave Lewis - JPMorgan Eric Wiemann - Schwerin Boyle Bill Sutherland - Boenning & Scattergood Dave Lewis - JPMorgan
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Gartner's, Inc. Earnings Call for the second quarter 2008. A replay of this call will be available through August 30, 2008. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-888-286-8010 for domestic call and 617-801-6888 for international call and by entering the pass code 51065265. This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be archived on Gartner's website at www.gartner.com for approximately 90 days. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Hank Diamond, Group Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir.
Hank Diamond: Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us. On the call with me today are Gartner's CEO, Gene Hall and CFO, Chris Lafond. Before we discuss our results for the quarter, I would like to remind everyone of four things. First, the rebroadcast, reproduction and retransmission of this conference call or webcast without the express written consent of Gartner are strictly prohibited. Second, if you did not receive a copy of our press release, it is available on our website at www.gartner.com or on the FirstCall system. Third, the company will be making statements about its future results and other forward-looking statements during this call. Statements about future results made during the call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations and the current economic environment. Forward-looking statements and projections are inherently subject to significant economic, competitive and other uncertainties and contingencies which are beyond the control of management. The company cautions that these statements are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Important assumptions and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements and projections are specified in the company's filings with the SEC, including in its annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2007. Finally, during the call, the company will be using certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under SEC rules. Where required, we have provided a reconciliation of those measures to the most direct comparable GAAP measures in the tables and in the press release. Before I turn the call over to our CEO, let me briefly review the major points from today's press release. First, diluted EPS from continuing operations for the second quarter 2008 was $0.30 a share, an increase of 173% versus the second quarter last year. Research contract value, which is a key leading indicator for our business, increased 16% year-over-year to a record $794 million and total revenue grew 17% to $344 million. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, research contract value and the total revenue, each increased 13% year-over-year. Net income increased a 113% year-over-year to $30 million, and the normalized EBITDA increased 37% to $61 million. Please take note that diluted EPS from continuing operations and normalized EBITDA exclude the results of the company's former Vision Events business, which was sold in February 2008 and is now reported as a discontinued operation. Turning to the cash flow statement and balance sheet, operating cash flow for the second quarter increased 54% to $68 million and capital expenditures totaled $5 million. During the quarter, the company repurchased 3.9 million shares of its stock for $85 million, and as of June 30, the company had total debt of $470 million and cash of $137 million. Turning to Gartner's financial outlook for full year 2008, the company increased its projection for total revenue by $10 million at both the low end and high end of the range. This increase was primarily due to higher than originally anticipated foreign exchange benefits. The company also reiterated its previous guidance for normalized EBITDA, EPS and operating cash flow. Chris will give you more details, but to highlight, we now project full year 2008 revenue growth in the range of 10% to 12% and continue to expect EPS from continuing operations growth in the range of 33% to 48%, EBITDA growth of 10% to 15%, and operating cash flow of between $155 million and $170 million. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall: Thanks, Hank. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Second quarter marked another period of strong growth in both revenue and profits for Gartner, as we continue to deliver on our commitment to generate double-digit revenue and earnings growth. During the quarter, our research revenue grew 20% year-over-year and our contract value increased 16%. For six consecutive quarters, we've grown research contract value in the high teens and generated wallet retention in excess of 100%. We continue to see growth across our research products, client segments and geographies and to generate business both by further penetrating our existing clients, and by attracting new clients. In fact, approximately 70% of our year-over-year contract value growth in the second quarter was from client enterprises that we did not do business with a year before. Also, while price increases continue to be a contributor to growth, an increasing majority of our growth is coming from new subscription volume, which accounted for about 76% of our year-over-year contract value growth. The fact that our growth from new client enterprises and subscription volume is increasing, demonstrates that our strategy to penetrate the vast market opportunity for IT research is working, as we continue to grow our sales capacity and offer a value added products to our clients. In particular, our role-based product offerings continue to contribute to strong growth in research contract value. Gartner for IT Leaders and Gartner for Business Leaders together accounted for $259 million of contract value at June 30, which is up 9% sequentially and 92% year-over-year. These role-based products collectively now account for almost one-third of our contract value, up from zero only two years ago. This has helped attract new clients and sell additional subscriptions and upgrades to our existing clients. So, the research business continues to perform at or above the high end of our expectations. We continue to see strong demand for our products, both in terms of renewals and new business, stability in pricing and good sales force productivity. As we said on the first quarter conference call, clients are being more thoughtful in spending and purchasing decisions, but we are not seeing any meaningful impact from the economic environment on the growth of our research business. In consulting, we continue to be successful at both growing revenue and increasing productivity and profitability. During the quarter, utilization reached 75% and we're well-positioned to meet or exceed our target of at least 70% utilization for the full year. All of our other productivity metrics increased as well as we continue to focus on growing our business with our largest, most profitable clients. Our consulting revenue grew 13% year-over-year during the quarter, which was ahead of our expectations. This was driven by solid growth in our core consulting business, coupled with unusually strong demand for our contract optimization and benchmarking services. While we fully expected solid performance from these businesses, given their strong value proposition, the timing of revenues was skewed more towards the first half of the year than originally expected. Finally, our events business is performing in line at the low end of our expectations to date. As we would expect in this environment, we're seeing some vendors be more thoughtful in terms of the number of events at which they exhibit and attendees registering closer to the date of the events. But more importantly, there were three operational issues that impacted our performance. First, we had higher turnover in our exhibitor sales organizations which resulted in more open territories and lower average tenure of our salespeople. Second, we made substantially more coverage changes than usual in our exhibitor sales organization which slowed down sales cycles. Third, we shifted the mix of our attendee marketing to different target segments which resulted in lower close rates. Now, we have a good understanding of these issues and our recently appointed leader of events, Alwyn Dawkins is making changes to address them. So, for the first half of the year, we've grown total revenues by 14%, normalized EBITDA by 33% and EPS from continuing operations by 132%, and we generated operating cash flow of over $81 million, which is significantly higher than our net income. We also returned over $150 million of capital to our shareholders by repurchasing our stock at a discount to where it trades today. These results were driven by the successful execution of the same strategy we have followed since 2005 and again reiterated at our annual Investor Day last March. The four pillars of this strategy are to produce extraordinary research, deliver innovative highly differentiated product offerings, increase our sales capacity and provide world class service to our customers. That strategy is working and our results continue to demonstrate that our services are critical to clients, regardless of the economic environment. Now, when we first issued our 2008 guidance early in the year, we started with a conservative plan to grow our sales force by only about 10% this year because we wanted to be prudent in the face of an uncertain economic environment. We also told you we could either increase or decrease that growth later in the year, depending on how we saw demand for our research trend. As you can see from our results demand has stayed strong through the second quarter, despite the challenging economic environment and as a result we now plan to add more net new sales associates than our original target. In addition, during the third and fourth quarters we expect to make other investments that we deferred in the first half of the year, including in marketing programs, research analysts and service delivery programs, which together will result in higher expenses. These investments are critical to our strategy to penetrate the estimated $21 billion potential market for IT research and achieve our long-term target of growing our research revenue by 15 to 20% per year. So to summarize, looking ahead, we remain very excited about our products and market opportunity. Our research business is performing at or above the high end of our expectations. Consulting is solidly within expectations and events is currently performing around the lower end of expectations. As we discussed in our previous earnings call, we remain cautiously optimistic given the current economic environment and our performance into the first half of 2008. Overall, we remain confident in our ability to meet both our 2008 and long-term revenue and earnings growth targets. So with that, I'll turn it over to Chris for additional details on our results and our 2008 outlook.
Chris Lafond: Thanks, Gene, and good morning everyone. I'll start today with a review of our results for the second quarter and finish with an update on our full year outlook. Our second quarter performance continued the trend of double-digit year-over-year growth in research revenue and contract value. As we experienced for the past few quarters, this growth continues to be very broad-based across all client industries, sizes and geographies. Demand for our products and services remain strong, despite the current economy, because organizations have a critical need to effectively manage their IT programs and investments in all economic environments. The research segment continues to perform at the levels we expect in our long-term financial objectives shared at Investor Day and at or above the high end of our previous guidance for 2008. The strong contract value growth we delivered in 2007 and in the first quarter of 2008 along with favorable impacts from foreign exchange converted to 20% year-over-year research revenue growth in the second quarter. On an FX neutral basis, research revenue grew 15%. The operating leverage inherent in our research business, together with tight cost controls and investment deferrals drove a 2 percentage point increase in growth contribution margin over last year. The results of the research segment for the first half are consistent with this quarter. Revenue increased 15% on an FX neutral basis, and gross contribution margin increased 3 percentage points over 2007. During the second quarter, contract value, which is our key leading indicator for future research revenue, grew 16% year-over-year to a record level of $794 million as of June 30. On an FX neutral basis, year-over-year growth of 13% remained at the same level we experienced in the first quarter and consistent with the 14% growth we experienced for the full year 2007. From a role-based product perspective, Gartner for IT Leaders had $180 million of contract value at June 30, up from $114 million last year and Gartner for Business Leaders represented $79 million of contract value, up from only $21 million last year. Collectively, contract value for these two products is up 92% year-to-date and we expect continued strong growth from both new clients and migrations of existing clients. Our executive programs offerings also continued to deliver consistent year-over-year growth with contract value up 16% to $201 million at June 30. In addition to the success we're having in attracting new business with new clients, as Gene discussed earlier, we're also driving growth by further penetrating our existing clients with additional research subscriptions and upgrading them to our role-based products. The success of these efforts is reflected in our retention rates. Wallet retention has remained above 100% for the past six consecutive quarters and client retention is a solid 81%. Our retention metrics reflect the success of our role-based products, improvements to client service and other actions we have taken to ensure that our clients are receiving maximum value from their research subscriptions. Turning to our consulting segment, for the second quarter of 2008, consulting revenue increased 13% as reported and 8% on an FX neutral basis. This was delivered despite a 2% reduction billable headcount versus last year as a result of our decision to exit consulting operations in the APAC region during the second quarter of 2007. This growth was above our expectations and better than expected first half performance in our contract optimization and benchmark practices, coupled with the expected results in our core consulting practice. All of our key consulting productivity metrics improved as we continued to focus on larger, more profitable engagements and the investment in more senior level managing partners who have both business development and delivery responsibilities. Utilization was up 2 points to 75% over year-over-year, well above our target of 70% and our average billing rate also increased. Together, these improvements drove an 8% year-over-year increase in our annual revenue per billable headcount which was 489,000 in the second quarter. The revenue growth and productivity improvements in the consulting segment together drove a contribution margin increase of 2 percentage points year-over-year to 43%. For the first half of the year, consulting revenue was up 8% and as of June 30 backlog ended at $111.3 million, up 2% year-over-year. This demonstrates the continued demand for our unique consulting services and positions us well to achieve our growth objectives for the full year 2008. All of the results in the Consulting segment demonstrate that our strategy to improve productivity and invest for future profitable growth is working as planned. Turning now to our Events segment, I will focus on the first half results since quarterly comparisons are highly impacted by timing of the events calendar. For the first half of the year, events revenue increased 3% but was down about 2% on an FX neutral basis due to mix of events and lower exhibitor revenue at our Spring Symposium. Although we held 37 events in the first half of 2008 compared to 32 in the prior year, this included only 29 ongoing events. We continue to successfully capitalize on opportunities to launch new events and as a result growth in the quarter was driven by the addition of eight new events primarily outside of the US. New launch events are considerably smaller in terms of revenue and attendees than established events, while also delivering lower margins in the first year. As a result, attendance was 19,129 for the first six months of this year, compared to 20,234 in the comparable period last year. As we discussed at our last earnings call, some exhibitors are being more thoughtful in assessing the events at which they exhibit and attendees are registering closer to the date of events. Even more importantly and as Gene mentioned earlier, there were three primary operational issues that contributed to our performance in this segment. Moving down the income statement, SG&A increased by $18 million or 15% year-over-year. Approximately $4 million of this increase was due to the impact from foreign exchange. The growth in SG&A reflects the continued investment in our sales and marketing organization. We continue to tightly manage G&A expense and overall SG&A declined slightly as a percent of revenue in the second quarter 2008 versus the second quarter of 2007. Turning to cash, operating cash flow for the second quarter was $67.6 million, up 54% year-over-year and we spent $5.5 million on capital expenditures. We are well positioned to achieve our full year 2008 operating cash flow projection of between $155 million to $170 million and CapEx target of $25 million to $27 million. This represents operating cash flow per share of between $1.57 and $1.72 for the full year. As you can see, we are generating both operating and free cash flow per share substantially in excess of our earnings per share. We are deploying our cash primarily to repurchase our stock and during the second quarter we bought back 3.9 million shares at a total cost of $84.7 million. Year-to-date through June 30, we have deployed over $150 million in cash on share repurchases. And over the trailing 12 months, we have spent $290 million and repurchased 14.5 million shares. As a result of our share repurchases over the past 12 months, our fully diluted shares outstanding in the second quarter were 98.9 million, down 10% from the second quarter of 2007. We continually evaluate our options for deploying our cash and currently believe that share repurchases remain a good use of our capital. Overall, our year-to-date revenue performance through the second quarter remains roughly in line with the quarterly phasing guidance we shared at Investor Day. The skew of research revenue is tracking as expected. Consulting has delivered a slightly greater percentage of our full year expectation in the first half and events a slightly lower percentage. EBITDA and EPS were both better than our original expectations, primarily due to the strength in our consulting contract optimization and benchmark practices and the deferred investments and tight expense controls we implemented earlier in the year as a result of the uncertain economic environment. With respect to our full year 2008 outlook, we have modestly raised our total revenue guidance by $10 million at both the low and high ends of the range and reiterated our guidance for normalized EBITDA and EPS from continuing operations. The increase in total revenue guidance is driven entirely by an increase to our events revenue guidance and the revenue outlook for our consulting and events businesses remain unchanged. So as stated in the press release we are now projecting full year 2008 total revenue of $1.288 billion to $1.313 billion, an increase of 10% to 12% versus 2007. Details by segment can be found in our press release. The fundamentals of our research business remain strong. This, coupled with our higher than anticipated benefit from foreign exchange, has allowed us to increase our research revenue guidance for the year. Because FX is the primary driver for the increase in revenue guidance, we anticipate only a minimal impact on earnings. Consulting is tracking towards the middle of our full year guidance and events is trending towards the low end of our full year guidance. Moving to earnings, we continue to expect that for the full year 2008, normalized EBITDA should range between $209 million and $219 million, an increase of 10% to 15% over 2007. Diluted EPS from continuing operations range between $0.88 and $0.98 per share, an increase of between 33% and 48% over 2007. Although our first half earnings were higher than the quarterly phasing guidance we've previously provided, we're not increasing our normalized EBITDA and EPS from continuing operations guidance for the following reasons; first, the upside in the first half was primarily due to our decision to postpone certain investments and expenses to later in the year, given the uncertain economic environment. These investments will be made during the third and fourth quarters. Second, the favorable results in the second quarter were also driven by strength in our consulting optimization and benchmark practices. While we fully anticipated solid performance of these businesses given their strong value proposition, the timing of revenues was skewed slightly more towards the first half than originally expected and so we have not changed our overall full year outlook for the consulting segment. So our earnings guidance for the full year remains unchanged. In closing, during the second quarter and year-to-date we continued to deliver on our financial objectives. We remain very optimistic about our business fundamentals and market opportunities both in 2008 and over the long-term, but remain vigilant as to any impact on our business from the economic environment. We will continue to prudently manage our business to ensure that we deliver double-digit revenue growth, double-digit earnings growth, and increasing returns to our shareholders in any economic environment. With that, we'll open the call up for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Peter Appert with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much. Gene apologies if I missed this in your comments. Did you give specifically the number of salespeople at the end of the quarter and the specific targets in terms of what the additions will be in the second half?
Gene Hall: Hi, Peter, it's Gene. No, we didn't actually say the specific number of salespeople at the end of the quarter or the specific number of additions in the second half. Basically, we haven't finalized that number we're going to be adding during the second half which is why we didn't have that number on it. We've set the total amount of investment we want to make and now we're determining exactly how much of that investment goes to marketing programs versus salespeople and so forth. And Chris can give you the number of sales team we had at the end of the first half.
Chris Lafond: Yes, Peter, at the end of the first half, we had 837 quota-bearing salespeople. And I also just wanted to make two quick corrections from my comments. I made a comment at the end that total revenue guidance increase was entirely due to events. It actually was entirely due to research. So, research changed by $10 million at the low and the high, consulting and events, both revenue guidance remained unchanged. And then a second correction, when I was talking about the role-based products, Gartner for IT Leaders and Gartner for Business Leaders, I said contract value for these two products was up 92% year-to-date. It's up 92% year-over-year. So, those are the only two corrections I just wanted to make to my comments earlier.
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: All right, thanks. Chris, 837, if I have got these numbers right, would imply that you've basically I think added no one or one person maybe in the second quarter. Is that correct?
Chris Lafond: You have the numbers correct. What we had talked about at the end of the last quarter was that we had hired a bunch of people in the fourth quarter and the first quarter and that we were going to basically stay roughly where we were through the first half and then assess at the end of the first half if we wanted to do any further investment into the back half of the year. So, the numbers you have are correct.
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So, I have done just some back of the envelope calculations here. I think the implication of your earnings guidance would be that you would be looking for essentially flat margins in the second half of the year, which given the understanding the investment you're making, but even so, given the inherent operating leverage, the business model seems somewhat conservative. So could you just address that?
Chris Lafond: Just a couple of things, Peter. I think you've seen pretty significant increases in our segment margins across the board, particularly in research. So, segment margin is up 2 points in the quarter and 3 points year-to-date. We have been deferring lots of expenses including hiring research analysts, including some other fulfillment activities, including some product development activities. So, we've been very cautious with this economy in terms of spending money. So in the back half of the year, with the leverage we get, you're absolutely right. But we're tending to making some of those investments. We continue to see good demand in the business. As we said in last quarter, once we assess that, we would make some decisions to invest for the future. So, we feel very confident. We can deliver all of our commitments that we made at the beginning of the year, while also making these investments and setting ourselves up nicely for 2009 and beyond, which for us is really important.
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: Chris or Gene, I know your guidance is set now in terms of zero to 100 basis point year-to-year margin expansion. You had talked previously about 19% to 22% sort of longer term targets. Have you rethought what you think might be realistic in terms of longer term margin objectives for the company?
Gene Hall: Yeah, we are still driving towards the margin expansion that we've talked about. We still believe that we can improve the overall operating margins of the business, as you saw, even with the investments we continue to make year-over-year in the sales organization and other things. SG&A, as a percent of revenue, continues to come down. So, we still feel confident that getting into that 20% to low 20% range is absolutely achievable and where we're driving to. I think we've said on a number of times, once we get to that point we can take a step back and see where the right balance is, going forward. I think if you look at Gartner's past history, EBITDA margins have been in the mid-to upper 20s. And what we've said repeatedly is, we want to make sure we don't make the mistake that was made, we think at that point in time, which is not making the right investments in the business. So, ultimately we need to understand where we're going to make that balance. But at this point, we're still driving towards that.
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: Okay, fair enough. And then, last thing and I'll let someone else speak. You spoke, Gene, at length about the breadth and depth of the growth and I am wondering if it's possible to get a little more color in terms of end user segments or geographies or just anything that would give us more flavor for where the incremental revenue growth is coming from? Or alternatively, if there are any soft spots in the markets you could talk about.
Chris Lafond: Peter, great question because we watch very carefully to see if there's any sort of softness by geography or by industry or anything like that. In essence, all of our geographies are growing well and if you look across the different client segments, we also see good growth across all the client segments. And so, when we look at our contract value growth, basically we see really very solid performance across all. So, right now, we're not seeing any areas that we would classify as being kind of soft or weak.
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thanks, Gene, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Lederman with William Blair. Please proceed.
Laura Lederman - William Blair: Thanks for taking my questions, and good quarter. Just a quick follow-up from the last few questions from Peter. If you look at the spend increase for the second half, can you give us a rough feel of how much would be sales and marketing versus research. Just kind of a rough feel, and I realize that you've set an overall budget but just a guesstimate as to where it's going.
Chris Lafond: Hi, Laura, it's Chris. I think as we've said repeatedly, the bulk of our investments are going into the sales organization. And so, you should continue to expect that from a sales and marketing perspective, everything we're doing around our investments is really driving towards improving the productivity of the field sales organization, improving the ways we can increase the amount of NCVI per rep that we deliver, which as you know, has increased really nicely over the last kind of four, five years. So, we're going to put a lot of effort into things that we think will have a big impact on that. So it's a combination of not only increasing sales capacity but also improving their productivity. So, that would be where the bulk will go. Certainly, as we continue to grow, our executive programs business continues to grow as we talked about earlier, it's up 16%. That requires additional delivery people. As we put some efforts into our retention programs and ensuring that we're delivering world class service, that requires some additional resources and certainly with the growth in overall contract value organically at 13%. We do need to find pockets where research analysts need to be added. So that's kind of how the picture lays out and as Gene said, we're in the process of assessing exactly where we need to put those resources to make sure we're setting ourselves up really nicely for a strong 2009 and beyond.
Laura Lederman - William Blair: And following up on that, if you look at the sales head count, are you starting to add salespeople now or is that going to be later in the quarter as you assess where you want to add people or are you adding them now?
Gene Hall: It's a great question, Laura. It's Gene. We're adding them now.
Laura Lederman - William Blair: All right. Okay. Moving a little bit to the issues and events, it seems that there is been problems at events for a while now with the sales to vendor piece of the business and you've changed headcount there and things. So, I guess what I am trying to wonder is why that remains an issue. I mean, is it the people or potentially is it also the environments as well, that people just don't want to buy as much. So, I just want a better granular understanding of what's happening at events? Thanks.
Gene Hall: Great question, Laura. Basically I as said, it's clearly people take longer time to make decisions. If you look at our vendors, they're being very careful with their spend. But we think what we saw this quarter was a continuation of what we've seen for the past, as you said the continuation what we've seen for the last four quarters or so. But we do think that we understand what the issues are and we've got the right team in place to address those. As I mentioned earlier, we think first, and if we look at it, as I said earlier, we had a lot of unplanned or higher than planned sales force turnover and so you end up with new people who have less productivity and also more open territories, you're going to sell less in that kind of environment. We also made coverage changes which, while well-intentioned, have the other issue that it takes longer after you change coverage to reestablish that client relationship and to sell to those clients, to understand exactly what the issues are. And so on the whole exhibitor sales side of it, we think we understand what's going on. We've added more capacity. We're increasing our tenure of the sales force. We've got the coverage locked down. We think we have good leadership there as well. And again, it will take time. You don't solve the tenure problem overnight. But we think we're on a good track there. And then lastly on the attendee side, especially the first half of this year we tried different target mix in terms of our marketing away from what we've done traditionally. That didn't work as well as we had hoped. But the good news is that the marketing to our traditional segments did work well. And so, we're going to shift our marketing back to the segments that both have historically have been successful and actually were successful in the first half as well. On both sides, we feel like we've got the right pieces in place that over time will address the issues in that business.
Laura Lederman - William Blair: Do you think that it will be weak for the next few quarters as well, but they will bounce back next year? Or how much of it is tied to the economy versus your own internal issues in terms of one of the issues are fixed this year let's say internally you still expect relatively low growth because of the economy. We are trying to get a sense of what fixes when.
Gene Hall: We think the majority of the issue is our own internal operational issues which I just mentioned a moment ago. So, it's not just the economy but we think that most of the issues are related to these operational issues and again, we expect to perform within the guidance that Chris gave you, which means we'll be seeing a steady recovery on it.
Laura Lederman - William Blair: Okay. And what caused the churn in the salespeople, do you think?
Gene Hall: I think it was a combination of things. I think we did some bunch of operational changes in terms of how you run the sales force that resulted in that, ranging from the way we pay people to quota setting to leadership approaches things like that.. So, there is no one single thing. There were a number of things that caused that. But, again, I think we're on top of that now and have our turnover locked down.
Laura Lederman - William Blair: Thank you so much. Good quarter.
Gene Hall: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Dave Lewis with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Dave Lewis - JPMorgan: Hey, guys. First question is, can you talk about the conversion rate from old to new products. Are you seeing an acceleration there?
Chris Lafond: Hey, Dave, it's Chris. Thanks for the question. I wouldn't say there is any dramatic change from the last quarter. I think if you look at our overall mix, Gene talked about 70% of our business coming from new clients. I think last quarter it was about 66% coming from new clients. So very consistent I think trend line in terms of how much is coming from new and existing. Certainly in the very beginning part of the roll-out of Gartner for IT Leaders and Gartner for Business Leaders we had some low hanging fruit and some easier clients to convert but there is still lots of clients left to convert. We still have probably converted less than 30% of our overall client base to the role-based products, so we still have a significant runway in terms of ability to convert. But from a trend line point of view, I think it's been fairly consistent over the last couple of quarters.
Dave Lewis - JPMorgan: Okay. Thanks. And the second question was just, you guys talked about pricing briefly that it remained firm. Are you still expecting the annual price increase which I think kicks in September or October? Is that still business as usual?
Gene Hall: Yeah, hi, Dave, it's Gene. Yes, absolutely. We are seeing, pricing has not been an issue at all for us. Pricing has been just fine in the marketplace and we're expecting to have an annual increase the usual time this fall.
Dave Lewis - JPMorgan: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric [Wiemann] with Schwerin Boyle. Please proceed.
Eric Wiemann - Schwerin Boyle: Hi. Congratulations on a good first half in a tough economic environment. As far as the new role-based products, where do you think that can go over time, as a percentage of contract value?
Gene Hall: Hi, Eric, it's Gene. Over time, again, we expect that share to keep growing over time and what timeframe you give. But ultimately, we would expect all of our products to convert to role-based products. With one short caveat, which is, we have some products like an industry product, for example, but if you look at our traditional products that are our seed base, we would expect over time they would all convert to role-based products.
Eric Wiemann - Schwerin Boyle: And as far as the pricing on the old products, is that still in the 5% to 7% range, if I remember correctly on that?
Gene Hall: Yeah, what you're referencing is, as we move clients who are on the old legacy products, if they don't move on to the new products what we said over time is that on an annual basis trying to move those people up kind of in the 5% to 7% range. That's roughly what we're still saying seeing and doing. The overall pricing increases that we're doing as a business are between 3% and 7% per year and so I think we're very consistently doing that, both on the new products as well as migrating people up from lower priced legacy products.
Eric Wiemann - Schwerin Boyle: And can you just review the pricing differential between old products and various role-based products?
Gene Hall: It's close to a 2X difference, roughly. So, if you take our new role-based product offering, if you take, what we call the adviser level offering, which gives access to everything we write and access to all of our analysts, you're talking about $25,000 a year per seat and the legacy products, the effective selling price is about 12-ish. So, roughly kind of a 2X delta between the old and the new products.
Eric Wiemann - Schwerin Boyle: All right, and lastly, as you exit '09, say Q4, do you think the EBITDA margin pre-stock options will be in that 19% to 22% range in Q4 '09?
Gene Hall: As we exit '09. So as we exit next year?
Eric Wiemann - Schwerin Boyle: Yeah.
Gene Hall: No, I would not expect we're going to get to 19% to 22% that quickly. I think this year we're probably in the 17-ish percent range so I would doubt we will get 4 or 5 points of EBITDA margin expansion over the one year. I think, as we've said, with the investments we're making, we fully expect to get up to 100 basis points a year moving forward. So, that's more of a relevant range you should expect at the high end. Certainly, through the first part of this year we've seen much better year-over-year improvement in our segment margins, partly because of the deferral of some of the investments that we absolutely need to make.
Eric Wiemann - Schwerin Boyle: All right, thanks a lot.
Gene Hall: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Sutherland with Boenning & Scattergood. Please proceed.
Bill Sutherland - Boenning & Scattergood: Thanks, good morning. On the consulting side, I was impressed that the core consulting was up in line. What are you seeing as you look out as far as the customer desire to keep up in that space?
Gene Hall: Hi, Bill, it's Gene. Great question. Basically, our services are services that help our clients in good times and bad. And they provide a lot of value across all three of the service lines in consulting and so we expect to see the same kind of thing that we've been seeing there.
Bill Sutherland - Boenning & Scattergood: While I realize core consulting, I guess, is a mix of discretionary and continuing needed projects, but you're simply just focused your efforts in a way that you're getting at those projects that they really need to get done?
Gene Hall: Well, let me give you some examples in core consulting. So, one of our service lines in core consulting is helping people build better procurement organizations. They need to do that now more than ever. They're very focused on doing that. So that's a very popular line. Another one is doing enterprise architecture. The need to do enterprise architecture has not gone away. In fact, a lot of things help you save costs like virtualization and some of these new technologies they are big cost saving items. The way you get at them is actually doing your enterprise architecture. And so, these are things that, first, are not happened pause of the economy because people get cost reductions as a part of these things. And secondly, it's not like doing a big software implementation that costs like $50 million or $100 million. Our consulting projects are relatively small projects compared to like a big implementation or something like that.
Bill Sutherland - Boenning & Scattergood: Great. That's good color. And then finally, the unexpected surge in the contract optimization and benchmarking. Did that just happen to be timing and so you're not extrapolating that into the second half? Is that what we should think of it there?
Gene Hall: That's exactly right. We basically had more revenues in that business during the first half, slightly, than we had expected in the first half. So, it was just, a skewing was a little different than what we had expected originally. So, the total amount we are still expecting to be the same, but slightly different skewing.
Bill Sutherland - Boenning & Scattergood: Okay, and then last question. With the growth in role-based, are you all finding that you still need to create new role-based products or is your lineup going to be able to see you through 2009? Thanks.
Gene Hall: We're going to continue to create new products. That's a core part of our strategy. One of the four pillars of our strategy is over time to continue introducing innovative new products. And so I think we've got a great suite out there now but we're not going to stop or slow down. And I think, again, there is plenty of growth left in what we have, but I think as we add more of these products, it just continues to give us a good platform for future growth.
Bill Sutherland - Boenning & Scattergood: Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your next question comes from the line of Dave Lewis with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Dave Lewis - JPMorgan: Hey, guys, just one quick follow-up. What percentage of the Research Business is booked in the last four months of the year or the last quarter of the year? I know a number of these contracts, I believe about 30% are multi-year but what percentage comes up towards the last quarter of the year?
Chris Lafond: Hi, Dave, it's Chris. If you look at the skew of our contract value, it's fairly even. I think in the fourth quarter there is 29%, 30%-ish of our business comes up for renewal in the fourth quarter. The rest is spread fairly evenly. So, there is a little bit more in the fourth quarter, but in terms of each quarter's results, you're getting a fairly good slice of renewals of our overall business. So, that should give you a flavor of how much is coming in each quarter.
Dave Lewis - JPMorgan: Thanks.
Chris Lafond: Sure.
Operator: At this time, you do not have any more questions in queue. And I would like to turn the presentation back to management for closing remarks.
Gene Hall: Hi, it's Gene. I just want to thank you for joining us today and look forward to talking with you guys again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-08 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Henry A. Diamond - Group Vice President, Gartner, Inc. Eugene A. Hall - Chief Executive Officer Christopher J. Lafond - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
Analysts: Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs  Laura Lederman- William Blair William Sutherland - Boenning & Scattergood 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Gartner Incorporateds earnings conference call for the first quarter 2008. A replay of this call will be available through June 8, 2008. The replay can be accessed by dialing 888-286-8010 for domestic calls, and 617-801-6888 for international calls, and by entering the pass code 84659984. This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be archived at Gartner's website at www.gartner.com for approximately 90 days.  I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Hank Diamond, Group Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Finances for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, sir. 
Henry A. Diamond: Good morning, everyone and thank you all for joining us. On the call with me today are our CEO, Gene Hall, and our CFO, Chris Lafond.  Before we discuss our results for the quarter, I would like to remind everyone of four things. First, the rebroadcast, reproduction, and retransmission of this conference call or webcast without the express written consent of Gartner are strictly prohibited.  Second, if you did not receive a copy of our press release, it is available on our website at www.gartner.com, or on the First Call system. Third, the company will be making statements about its future results and other forward-looking statements during this call. Statements about future results made during the call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations and the current economic environment. Forward-looking statements and projections are inherently subject to significant economic, competitive, and other uncertainties and contingencies which are beyond the control of management.  The company cautions that these statements are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements.  Important assumptions and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements and projections are specified in the companys filings with the SEC, including in its annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2007.  Finally, during the call the company will be using certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under SEC rules. Where required, we have provided a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the tables and the press release.  Before I turn the call over to our CEO, let me briefly review the major points from todays press release.  First, GAAP EPS from continuing operations for the first quarter was $0.14 a share, an increase of 56% versus the first quarter last year. Research contract value, which is a key leading indicator for our business, increased 17% year over year to a record $778 million, and total revenue grew 10% to $290 million.  Net income increased 163% year over year to $22 million and normalized EBITDA increased 26% to $40 million.  Please take note that GAAP EPS from continuing operations and normalized EBITDA exclude the results of the companys former Vision Events business, which was sold in February 2008 and is now reported as a discontinued operation, and the $7.3 million gain on sale resulting from the divestiture, which is included in net income.  Turning to cash flow, the company generated $14 million of operating cash flow during the first quarter versus a cash use of $200,000 during first quarter 2007. It deployed $7.5 million for capital expenditures and repurchased 3.6 million shares of its stock for $66 million.  As of March 31st, the company had total debt of $421 million and cash on the balance sheet of $96 million.  Finally, we reiterated our most recent outlook for full year 2008. Chris will give you more details but to highlight, we continue to project revenue growth in the range of 9% to 12%, EPS from continuing operations growth in the range of 33% to 48%, and operating cash flow of between $155 million and $170 million.  Now I would like to turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall. 
Eugene A. Hall: Thanks, Hank. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. Our results for the first quarter demonstrate that we are off to a strong start for 2008. We generated high teens research contract value growth for the fifth straight quarter and double-digit total revenue growth, all of which is in line with our expectations despite the uncertain economic environment.  At the same time, we delivered better-than-expected EPS growth as a result of our decision to tightly manage expenses and to postpone some investments to later in the year. We also continued the opportunistic use of our capital to repurchase our stock at a significant discount from where it is trading today.  We were able to produce these results during an uncertain period for many companies and there are several reasons for this. First, we offer services that provide high value to our clients at a relatively low cost and these services are critical to the operation of their IT programs regardless of the economic environment. Second, we have a vast, untapped market opportunity for our research and third, we have the right strategy, products, and people to capture that opportunity.  Now our strategy is the same one that weve been executing since 2005. The cornerstones are to produce extraordinary research content, deliver innovative and highly differentiated product offerings, enhance our sales capability, and provide world-class service. And our results this quarter demonstrate its continuing success.  Our role-based product offerings were a major contributor to our strong growth in research contract value during the first quarter. Gartner for IT leaders and Gartner for Business leaders, the two products together accounted for $236 million of contract value at March 31st, which is up over 120% from last year. And we are also seeing very strong early acceptance of Gartner for IT Executives, which is our new role-based product for CIOs, and that was introduced in the second half of 2Q07.  Our role-based products collectively now account for more than 30% of our contract value, up from zero only two years ago. Theyve helped both attract new clients and sell additional subscriptions and upgrades to our existing clients, resulting in our wallet retention remaining at over 100% for the past five consecutive quarters.  We will continue to introduce new role-based products and enhancements to our existing products and expect them to represent a substantial driver of our growth going forward.  So the research business continues to perform towards the higher end or our expectations. We continue to see strong demand for our products, both in terms of renewals and new business, stability in pricing, and good sales force productivity.  And as youd expect, some clients are being more thoughtful on spending but to date, we see no meaningful indications that the economic environment has impacted the growth outlook of our research business. We continue to remain vigilant and are prepared to take appropriate actions should the environment change.  Turning to consulting, during the first quarter we continued to make progress in improving the profitability of this segment. Weve been successful in increasing both the size and length of our engagements, which has the effect of both increasing utilization and improving the predictability of our revenue. We also continue to higher more senior level consultants who have business development responsibilities in addition to consulting delivery.  We ended the quarter with a strong backlog, up 10% year over year, which positions us very well to meet our guidance for consulting revenue growth for the full year.  Finally, our events business performed in line with our expectations during the first quarter. Although our reported results were impacted by the calendar of events, both revenue and attendees grew on a normalized basis, as Chris will discuss in more detail. As we would expect in this environment, we are seeing some vendors be more thoughtful in terms of the number of events at which they exhibit and attendees registering closer in to the data of events. But overall the business is performing in line with our guidance.  Before I turn the call over to Chris, I would like to thank Alistair Christopher for the contribution hes made to Gartner. Alistair, who recently tendered his resignation for personal reasons, has been a valued member of the Gartner community for more than 12 years and hes led our events business since 2004. The travel demands of his global job kept him away from his home in the U.K. for extended periods and led to his decision. We wish him the very best in the future.  I also want to congratulate Alwyn Dawkins on his promotion as the successor to Alistair. Alwyn has most recently been a successful sales leader within research and has a strong background in the events business. Alistair and Alwyn will work together to ensure a smooth leadership transition.  So to summarize, looking ahead we remain very excited about our products and market opportunity but cautious on the economic environment. The demand for our research remains strong and both consulting and events are both performing in line with expectations. Overall, we remain confident that we will meet both our 2008 and long-term revenue and earnings growth targets.  So with that, I will turn it over to Chris for additional business unit insights and financial details. 
Christopher J. Lafond: Thanks, Gene and good morning, everyone. At investor day in March, we once again reiterated our focus on executing the strategy we first shared with you in 2005. Our continued successful execution of this strategy delivered the results we report today.  We have begun 2008 with continued strong year-over-year growth in both research revenue and contract value. We experienced throughout 2007 and continued in this quarter, this growth is very broad-based across all client industries, sizes, and geographies.  These results highlight the demand for our products and services given the critical need organizations have to effectively manage their IT programs and investments in all economic environments. And importantly, that our products play a critical role in helping our clients achieve success.  Revenue performance by segment in the first quarter was exactly in line with the quarterly phasing guidance we shared at investor day. EBITDA and EPS were both better than our original expectations due to the postponement of some investments until later this year and the extremely tight expense controls we implemented as a result of the current economic uncertainty.  Let me start today by reviewing our first quarter results and then briefly reiterating our outlook for 2008, which is unchanged from the projections we provided at our investor day in March. We are off to a solid start in 2008. Our research segment continues to perform at the levels we expect for the long-term financial objectives shared at investor day. The strong contract value growth we produced in 2007 converted to 19% year-over-year revenue growth in Q1. The operating leverage inherent in our research business, together with tight cost controls drove a three percentage point increase in gross contribution margin over last year.  Looking ahead, we are well-positioned to continue the positive momentum in our research business. During the first quarter, contract value, our key leading indicator for research growth, grew 17% year over year as reported, or 13% FX neutral to a record level of $778 million as of March 31st. This was our fifth consecutive quarter of high teens contract value growth, clearly demonstrating the success of our strategy to accelerate the growth of our research business.  We continue to see solid growth in new business with approximately two-thirds of the year-over-year increase in contract value coming from new client enterprises that we were not working with 12 months ago.  Also, almost three quarters of our contract value growth in the first quarter continued to be driven by volume, further evidence of the strong demand and vast market for our products.  From a product perspective, Gartner for IT Leaders had $170 million of contract value at March 31st, up from $96 million last year. And Gartner for Business Leaders represented $67 million of contract value, up from only $10 million last year. Collectively, contract value for these two products is up 122% year over year and we expect continued strong growth. Our executive programs offerings also continued to deliver consistent year-over-year growth, with contract value up 17% to $197 million at March 31. Gartner for IT Executives, our new suite of role-based products for CIOs, launched in the third quarter of 2007 is already starting to be a meaningful contributor to the growth of our executive programs.  In addition to the success we are having at attracting new business with new clients, we are also driving growth by further penetrating our existing clients with additional research subscriptions and upgrading them to our role-based products. The success of these efforts is reflected in our retention rates. Wallet retention has remained above 100% for the past five consecutive quarters and client retention is a solid 82%. We expect continued strength in these metrics over the long-term as we continue to gain acceptance of our role-based products, improve our client service, and take other steps to ensure that our clients are getting maximum value from their research subscriptions.  Let me now turn to our consulting segment. For the first quarter of 2008, consulting revenue increased 2%. This was consistent with our expectations and was delivered despite a 9% reduction in billable headcount versus last year as a result of our decision to exit consulting operations in the APAC region during the second quarter of 2007.  Importantly, gross contribution margin increased three points, three percentage points year over year to 40%, as we continued to improve our consultants productivity and focus on larger, more profitable engagements.  All of our consulting productivity metrics improved in the first quarter. Utilization was 72%, up five points year over year and above our target of 70%. Our average engagement size increased 30% to 321,000. Our average billing rate was up, which helped drive a 13% year over year increase in our annual revenue per billable headcount up to $464,000 per year.  Importantly, we ended the quarter with a strong backlog of 10% year over year. This highlights the continued demand for our unique consulting assets and positions us well to achieve our growth objectives for 2008.  Aside from the positive impact on our margins, the improvement in these key metrics enhances the stability and visibility of our consulting revenue stream.  All of these results in our consulting segment demonstrate that our strategy to improve productivity and invest for future profitable growth is working as planned.  Turning now to our events segment, as expected and previously communicated, the year-over-year comparison is impacted by the timing and mix of events. Although we held the same number of events in both the first quarters of 2007 and 2008, four large established events that were held in the first quarter of 2007 were moved to the second quarter of 2008.  During this quarter, we launched three new first year events and moved one smaller event that was held in the second quarter of 07 into the first quarter. As expected, these calendar shifts had the affect of moving about $8 million of revenue from the first quarter of 2008 into the second quarter of 2008.  So if we look at the results of this business normalized for the timing change, revenue was up 14% and attendees grew 9% year over year. This reflects the growth in the eight events that were held in both the first quarter of 2007 and 2008, plus the revenue added from the three new events that were launched this year.  Moving down the income statement, SG&A increased by $16 million or 14% year over year, including an approximately $4 million adverse impact from foreign exchange. The increase reflects the continued investment in our sales organization, which grew headcount by 120, or 17% from March 31st 07 to March 31, 2008. And we continue to tightly manage G&A expense, which declined slightly as a percent of revenue in the first quarter versus last year.  Turning to cash, operating cash flow for the first quarter was $14.2 million versus a use of cash of $200,000 in the same quarter last year. This was our highest first quarter operating cash flow since 2005. The first quarter is by far our weakest quarter seasonally for cash generation due primarily to bonus and commission payments. We continue to project full year 2008 operating cash flow of between $155 million to $170 million.  We deployed our cash in the quarter primarily to repurchase 3.6 million shares at a total cost of $66 million, or an average price of $18.55 per share. As a result of our share repurchases over the past 12 months, our fully diluted shares outstanding in the first quarter 2008 were down 6% from the first quarter of 2007.  We believe that repurchasing our stock remains a compelling use of our capital and have continued to repurchase shares during the second quarter. In April alone, we repurchased an additional 1.7 million shares at a total cost of $37 million.  In terms of our balance sheet, we ended the first quarter with $325 million of net debt and I am particularly pleased to report that in April we successfully closed on a new $150 million term loan with very attractive terms, the proceeds from which were used to pay down the balance on our revolving credit facility.  Turning now to our outlook, we remain comfortable with the 2008 and long-term projections we gave at our investor day in March. The details are in the press release but to summarize: for the full year 2008 we expect total revenue to grow 9% to 12% to between $1.278 billion to $1.303 billion; normalized EBITDA will grow between 10% and 15% to between $208 million and $219 million; and EPS from continuing operations to grow 33% to 48% to between $0.88 and $0.98 per share.  Our first quarter 2008 revenue growth was in line with our full year projections and seasonality, although our first quarter earnings were higher than the quarterly phasing guidance we previously provided, this was primarily due to our decision to postpone certain investments and expenses to later in the year given the current uncertain economic environment. These investments will be made as the year progresses, particularly during the third and fourth quarters.  In addition, as we previously discussed, our investment in sales expansion can be easily increased or slowed as we gain more visibility during this year. If demand remains at the current levels, we may decide to increase our sales force by more than 10% in 2008 to further capture our untapped market opportunity. However, it is still too early in the year to make this call for certain given the continued economic uncertainty.  As a result of all of this, we are not changing our guidance for the full year.  So in closing, the first quarter, we continued to deliver on our commitment to generate double-digit revenue and earnings growth. Looking ahead, we are very optimistic about our business fundamentals and market opportunities but cautious on the economic environment. We are prudently managing our business to ensure that we continue to deliver double-digit revenue growth, double-digit earnings growth, and increasing returns for our shareholders in any economic environment.  And with that, we will turn the call -- open the call for your questions. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is from Peter Appert from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed, sir. 
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Chris, could you give us any more detail on the cost shift issue? Specifically, what kind of expenses are you able to defer and order of magnitude, what the number would look like?
Christopher J. Lafond: Its actually a number of things. Given the current economic environment, weve been very tightly managing expenses across the whole organization, so we have been tightly managing all hiring, we have been tightly managing all discretionary spending, weve been tightly managing obviously investments in our sales force, other investments in the product area -- so we have been very tightly managing across the entire organization and so I would expect as we continue to see the same kinds of performance and demand weve seen in the first quarter, that we will ultimately allow some of those expenses to happen later on in the year. As we said, weve been very cautiously managing that to ensure that we see where the economy is going.  In terms of the overall impact, as we said essentially the difference in our performance in terms of what we said at investor day versus what we delivered, so its really all driven by that and a little bit of foreign exchange benefit in the quarter as well. 
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: Okay, so its to related to some specific projects or initiatives that youve deferred?
Christopher J. Lafond: I mean, its generally pretty broad-based, Peter. We were kind of across the board managing and certainly some of our bigger investments, as you know, are in the sales force and in the quarter, we added about 30 people. So I think it ended up being actually 30 that we added I think for the quarter. So thats a bit of a slowdown from where we were and where we expect to be over the longer term.
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: Right, but consistent with what you had said, actually, I think the 30 sales people -- 
Christopher J. Lafond: Pretty close, yeah. 
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: On that front, Chris or Gene, in the context of the dicier macro environment, are you seeing any change in terms of the trajectory of the ramp on newer sales people? Is it taking longer for sales people to get traction in the market?
Eugene A. Hall: No, were not. We track that very closely. Each quarter we look at the performance of sales people by tenure, by geography, by the role they have -- in other words, are they inside sales people, are they field sales people. And if you looked across that, our newer people are gaining productivity at very close to the rate that weve seen over the last couple of years. 
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: And how about, Gene, in terms of renewal rates, revenue growth rates within end user sectors, is there a significant differentiation in terms of what you are seeing from different types of customers?
Eugene A. Hall: No, actually if you look at it, across all of our -- all of our geographic regions grew double-digit in research, and if you look by industry -- as you know, were highly diversified. We kind of reflect the entire economy and all industries showed double-digit contract growth year over year. So if you look at what we are seeing, were not seeing any particular industries that are weaker or stronger than others. They are all I would classify as quite strong. 
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then the -- this is a slight nit-picky item, but the wallet renewal rate, and again this is -- I guess could be a rounding error but it has trended down fractionally over the last couple of quarters from 104 to 103 to 100. Should we read anything into that?
Eugene A. Hall: I wouldnt read anything into it. I think we had an extraordinary -- if you look at Q1 last year, as youll recall, it was quite extraordinary. We took a very high change, and we actually said at the time we thought that was a one -- you know, that it was not going to be sustainable at that rate. And so I think what you are seeing now is kind of more where youd expect it to be. 
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: So somewhere around 100% probably a good run-rate?
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, thats kind of where wed expect it to be, thats right. 
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: And then just the last thing, I guess this is sort of -- in terms of your philosophy of running the business, what I hear you saying is quite upbeat in terms of the sales force productivity, the customer response rates, the metrics obviously all look great, so why not be a little more aggressive in terms of sales force hiring, et cetera?
Eugene A. Hall: Great question. As Chris said and as we said actually on investor day, given the uncertain economic environment, we wanted to be cautious about how we invested and make sure that in fact the investments were going to pay off. To your point, as weve seen whats happening so far, wed be inclined to make these investments, including the sales force, to accelerate that over what we would have done if the economy were impacting us more.  So I think we will accelerate those investments and thats what Chris was talking about in terms of well be making more investments during the rest of the year. That would include an acceleration of what weve been doing in the sale force. 
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: And you next question is from Laura Lederman from William Blair. Please proceed, Madam. 
Laura Lederman- William Blair: Thank you for taking my questions. Starting back with the economy, I hate to ask additional questions on that but it is certainly on the mind of all the investors, can you talk about are you seeing any weakness in the vendors? Because obviously you have less vendor business than a Forrester, but outside of the events, which you mentioned, where maybe they are not going to the events as much, what about in terms of their subscriptions? Also on a related note, what are you seeing in IT budgets? Are you seeing them going down flat? And along the same lines, what do you make of vendors like Oracle and SAP seeing bad results once again and you not, because the ASP is so much less and you have people in good and bad environments? And then I have a few follow-ups. Thanks. 
Eugene A. Hall: First, in terms of the technology vendors that are our clients, as I mentioned a moment ago, we are seeing double-digit CV growth year over year in those, just as we are in the other segments and so -- while some companies are doing better, some companies are doing worse, as a whole in the technology sector, we are seeing strong demand.  If you look at IT budgets, we are expecting IT budgets on the whole to grow in the 3% range this year and thats what we are seeing, so we havent seen -- if you look at like certain financial institutions that are in trouble, they are cutting their budgets. But if you look at other places that are growing, they are still -- you know, a lot of companies growing out there that are increasing their budgets.  So overall, were expecting and we are seeing net growth in IT spending today. We surveyed our clients actually very recently on this and this was a survey of more than 1,000 CIOs around the world.  And then with regard to Oracle and SAP in particular, again I think its -- if you look at the industry, overall its going to grow. And if you look at the reported results, some companies did quite well, others didnt do so well. And so I think it gets down to the specific company situation as opposed to the whole industrys got some problem. I think its individual companies, just like in any economic environment. Some companies are doing well, some are doing not so well. 
Laura Lederman- William Blair: Okay, so thats not a harbinger of things to come, the biggest ones get hit first?
Eugene A. Hall: Were not seeing that. Again, were not seeing that and if we look at what peoples intended purchasing -- end users intended purchasing patterns, we dont see that theres a big -- you know, this is a precursor to a big pull back across the board or anything like that. 
Laura Lederman- William Blair: A follow-up question; if you look at pricing, you mentioned on the call that it was stable. What about the ability to increase price in the cost of living you typically do? I understand separately the customers move to the new role-based product they end up paying more. What about the price increases in terms of the existing products?
Eugene A. Hall: Weve seen no push-back on our pricing at all, and it gets down to -- our products are so inexpensive for the guys that buy them. The differences are -- again, our base research product, in fact our -- in the IT leaders, which is kind of our flagship research product, is about $15,000. So if you have a price increase of $1,015, for a guy thats got a $10 million or $50 million budget, its not meaningful to them and they are going to decide on the product based on the value they get out of the service, not based on whether its a $1,000 price increase versus a $500 price increase. And so we are not seeing any issues at all in terms of pricing and we would expect -- we plan to make a price increase in the fall of this year. And we havent decided the amount of that but thats when we typically do the increase and we intend to do that as usual. 
Laura Lederman- William Blair: So that would be more likely a cost of living type of adjustment of 3% or whatever it is?
Eugene A. Hall: Thats what weve done traditionally, is that. As youll recall, our strategy basically is to have -- our pricing strategy is on the price of our new products, we dont discount our new products to any of our clients and so those products sell -- sells for $15,000, thats to all the clients. Theres no volume discount kind of program or something like that. For these legacy agreements which we have, which people have, we tend to increase those at sort of a cost of living along with the new products, cost of living, and then upgrade people from the older, less expensive products to these newer high function products, which gives us an effective price lift with the client getting a new, better product for that additional pricing. 
Laura Lederman- William Blair: Can you also talk a little bit about acquisitions? Obviously historically the META acquisition was beautiful and stabilized the market. Is there really much out there to add going forward or not really? That would be a relatively small strategy because theres just not much out there to buy?
Eugene A. Hall: We have a business development function. We see acquisitions a very important part of our strategy and we are always looking for opportunities where we can contribute to our business through acquisitions. And the fact that we -- we clearly wouldnt have a business development function if we didnt think there were opportunities out there. 
Laura Lederman- William Blair: Thank you so much. Good quarter. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Bill Sutherland of Boenning & Scattergood. Please proceed, sir. 
William Sutherland - Boenning & Scattergood : Thanks. Good morning and thank you for taking the questions. Just a couple -- just curious if the U.S. amongst the world regions was at either end of the contract value growth range in the quarter. 
Eugene A. Hall: The U.S. was one of our stronger growth regions in the quarter. 
William Sutherland - Boenning & Scattergood : Okay. And Im just looking at my model and certainly with the research revenue a little over the top of your growth range for the year, Im just wondering if -- Chris didnt refer to operating leverage as having any part in the -- or margin mix having any part in the EPS upside and that just doesnt -- I cant seem to make sense of that. If you could add some color, Id appreciate it. Thanks. 
Christopher J. Lafond: I actually did make a comment during my portion I believe that the three point improvement in the research margin was due to two things. Number one is the inherent leverage in the research business and our tight cost control, so we saw a three point improvement. In fact, if you looked at the face of our income statement, the year-over-year flow-through on revenues from that segment into a contribution margin as above 80%. Weve said traditionally or longer term that we think thats more in the 70% range as we make the appropriate investments in product development and analysts, et cetera, but weve been very tightly managing expenses, given the economic uncertainty.  So what youve really seen is absolutely seeing that leverage flow through which was a part of the drivers for our continued improvement and partly what we expected when we started the year. So the flow-through of last years strong contract value growth into Q1 was a big driver of that and partly why we and how we thought about setting our expectations for 2008 when we set them originally. 
William Sutherland - Boenning & Scattergood : So if you werent [bringing] down the expense spend quite so much, maybe your flow-through would have been closer to 70% and that would still have, given the strong growth in research, that would still have led to a little extra on the bottom line, wouldnt it?
Christopher J. Lafond: Just a couple of things -- as I said, weve been managing expenses across the whole organization, so weve been very tightly managing not just the research business but every part of our business and as a result, you are seeing all of that play into why you are seeing the strong results in the quarter that were so much above where we originally had guided from an earnings perspective. 
William Sutherland - Boenning & Scattergood : Okay. I guess again, Im just trying to understand the strength in the quarter relative to the maintaining of guidance and understanding that you are going to be bulking up potentially expenses in the back half. I guess we are kind of looking at a change in the quarterly phasing of EPS is what I should be taking away. 
Christopher J. Lafond: Absolutely. As we said, weve held back some expenses, were going to shift it more towards the back half of the year. The reason that we are not saying its going to dramatically impact Q2 is we are still being very cautious, as we said at the beginning. So Q1, if you step back and think about it, as we originally expected to be about 10% of our earnings for the year, so its a relatively low events quarter. Weve not certainly reached a point of feeling like the whole year has completely played itself out and so we want to be very careful and cautious and thats why in the first half of the year, we are being very thoughtful and then as Gene said, as we see the continued demand and strength in our business, we will make that decision to make some investments, particularly in sales, in the back half of the year, as well as some of the things that weve held back on. 
William Sutherland - Boenning & Scattergood : Okay. And tax rate I guess looks like its going to run a little above the range that you had been using in the guidance chart?
Christopher J. Lafond: Not for the year. We still expect for the full year to be in the range that we provided from a guidance perspective in the quarter. We had a couple of discrete, one-time items that we had to book in the quarter, given the accounting rules around that. But at the end of the year, we are still projecting to be at the range that weve talked about when we gave original guidance. 
William Sutherland - Boenning & Scattergood : Okay, great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Sir, there are no further questions at this time. 
Eugene A. Hall: I want to thank you for joining us today and we look forward to talking to you at our next quarterly call. Thanks. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gene Hall - Chief Executive Officer Chris Lafond - Chief Financial Officer Hank Diamond - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Peter Appert with Goldman Sachs Fred Searby of JP Morgan Laura Letterman with William Blair Bill Sutherland with Boenning and Scattergood
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Gartner, Inc. earnings conference call for the fourth quarter of 2007. A replay of this call will be available through March 7, 2008. The replay can be accessed by dialing (888) 286-8010 for domestic calls and (617) 801-6888 for international calls and by entering the passcode 52397907. This call is being simultaneously webcast and will be archived on Gartners website at www.gartner.com for approximately 90 days. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Hank Diamond, Group Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance for opening remarks and introductions. Please go ahead, Sir.
Hank Diamond - Vice President of Investor Relations: Good morning everyone and thank you all for joining us. On the call with me today are our CEO, Gene Hall and our CFO, Chris Lafond. Before we discuss our results for the quarter, I would like to remind everyone of four things. First, the rebroadcast, reproduction and retransmission of this conference call or webcast, without the expressed written consent of Gartner are strictly prohibited. Second, if you did not receive a copy of our press release, it is available on our website at www.gartner.com; we are on the FirstCall system. Third, the company will be making statements about its future results and other forward-looking statements during this call. Statements about future results made during the call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations in the current economic environment. Forward-looking statements and projections are inherently subject to significant economic, competitive and other uncertainties and contingencies which are beyond the control of management. The company cautions that these statements are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Important assumptions and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements and projections are specified in the companys filings with the SEC, including in its annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2006. Finally, during the call the company will be using certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under SEC rules. We are required. We have provided a reconciliation of those measures to the most direct comparable GAAP measures in the tables and the press release. Before I turn the call over to our CEO, let me briefly review the major points from todays press release. Starting with the P&L, revenue for the fourth quarter 2007 increased 15% year-over-year to $348 million. Revenue for the full year 2007 increased 12% to almost $1.2 billion. EPS for the fourth quarter grew 85% to $0.37. EPS for the full year increased 36% to $0.68, including $0.04 in charges recorded in the second quarter. For the fourth quarter 2007, net income increased 72% year-over-year to $39 million and EBITDA increased 53% to $80 million. For the full year, the net income increased 26% to $74 million and EBITDA increased 25% to $194 million. Turning to cash flow for the full year 2007, the company generated $148 million of operating cash flow, up 40% versus 2006 and spent $24 million on capital expenditures. During 2007, we repurchased $169 million of the company stock including $103 million in the fourth quarter alone. On the balance sheet, the company had total debt of $394 million and cash of $110 million as of December 31, 2007. Finally, we introduce our preliminary outlook for 2008. Chris will give you more details but to highlight, we are projecting revenue growth in the range of 9% to 11%, EPS growth in the range of 32% to 47%, and operating cash flow of between $155 million and $170 million. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Gartners Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.
Gene Hall  Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Hank. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining. In 2007, we delivered another successful year of growth and progress at Gartner. We continued to execute on the strategy that we launched in 2005, which is to accelerate the growth of our research business while at the same time maintaining the growth and profitability of our consulting and events businesses. The cornerstones to this strategy are to produce extraordinary research content, deliver innovative and highly-differentiated product offerings, enhance our sales capability, provide world class service and improve our operational effectiveness. The success of this strategy is evident in our 2007 financial results, including total revenue growth of 12%, earnings per share growth of 36% and cash flow from operations growth of 40%. Since introducing the strategy in 2005, we have successfully returned the company to double-digit revenue growth, increased our normalized EBITDA at a compound annual growth rate of 36%, improved our EPS from a loss in 2005 to $0.50 in 2006, $0.68 in 2007, grown our operating cash flow from $27 million in 2005 to $148 million in 2007, and repurchased a total of almost $450 million dollars of our common stock, which has reduced our share count a lot. This strategy is working. Now, I would like to highlight some of our key events during 2007. We headed six new role-based products of Gartner for business leaders suite and also rolled up Gartner bright key executives, which is our new offering for CIOs. Now role-based product offerings were a major contributor to our strong growth in research contract value during 2007. We also grew our new client base substantially, adding over 700 net new client organizations during the year, including over 400 during the fourth quarter alone. A significant portion of our contract value growth this year came from new business with these clients, which demonstrates that we are successfully penetrating the vast untapped market opportunity. We also made great progress in selling additional research subscriptions to our existing client enterprises, also upgrading them to our premium role-based products. The improvements in our product portfolio and the great reaction from our clients resulted in our wallet retention remaining over 100% for each of the four quarters of the year. On the pricing front, we continued to successfully execute on the strategy to systematically increase prices on research products, both through annual price increases and by adding higher priced premium products to the portfolio. In sales, we added 143 net new associates and through our enhanced recruiting training programs, increased the productivity of our sales force substantially. We dramatically improved our client support organization including rolling out client on-boarding programs to ensure that our clients get full value for their research subscriptions. These programs along with our innovative products and increased sales capability have been a significant contributor to our improved client retention metrics in 2007, which Chris is going to discuss in more detail. Turn to consulting. During 2007, we both retuned that business to top-line growth and improved the productivity of our consultants by focusing on larger, more profitable engagements and existing less profitable geographies. We also continued to hire more senior-level consultants who have business development responsibilities in addition to consulting delivery. It basically enabled us to shift more of the consulting sales dysfunction to the consultants themselves, freeing more of the overall Gartner sales force to focus on research. Finally in events, we grew attendance by 8% of our 2006 by introducing new events to our portfolio including other events that have been less popular. As a part of our effort to effectively manage the events portfolio, we announced the planned divestiture of our non-core vision events business which Chris will discuss in more detail, and we are also taking steps to boost our exhibitor business. While no company is immune from the economy, we believe that our businesses are extremely well positioned to meet our growth objectives, even in the softer economic environment. Now, this is particularly true with our research business and the reasons are threefold. First, all of our clients and prospects must manage efficient and value-added IT programs regardless of the macro environment, and Gartner research is critical to their ability to do so. Second, the cost of our research is very modest considering the value it provides. Our average client organization spends only about $70,000 per year on Gartner research out of total IT budget that run in the tens of millions or greater, so cutting Gartner research will not make a meaningful impact on their budget if they need to cut cost. And third, our research subscriptions are one year or longer in length so we benefit from recurring revenues and our results today support this view. We have seen no meaningful indications from our clients or prospects that their appetite for Gartner research will slow due to budget constraints. Indeed, during the fourth quarter we grew our contract value by 18% year-over-year and we saw a broad-based strength globally across all industries and all geographies, including the financial services and banking sector. Even in difficult times, the effective management technology remains critical for almost every company around the world. Also, I want to again point out that our opportunities for growth and market penetration are passed. Despite our impressive client base, there are still thousands of companies worldwide that do not currently use our services. Moreover, within our existing client enterprises, there are hundreds of thousands of IT professionals who do not currently use Gartner research but would benefit from doing so. We believe we have captured only a very small percentage of our potential markets. So as we sit here today, both the near-term and the long-term outlooks for our research business are as good or better than they were a year ago, and I am really optimistic on our business fundamentals and market opportunities, but I am cautious on the economy. We do recognize the economic environment is uncertain and we remain vigilant for any change and demand for our services, and we have plans in place to preserve our margins if demand does slow, though we are ahead of our original sales stacking plan in 2007 which puts us in a great position as we begin 2008. Given the strong starting position and the uncertain economic environment, we have decided to target adding an additional 80 sales associates during 2008. Thus our current plan is to grow the sales force this year by about 10% versus our longer term target of 20% annual growth. So this is an investment we can easily slow down or speed up and we are going to carefully monitor demand and sales as per activity and then make whatever adjustments are warranted up or down based on the trends we see. As a result of the tremendous success, we have had accelerating growth of our research business and its attractive returns. We are going to continue to focus on growing the research business. As a result, you will know in our 2008 guidance, which Chris is going to explain in more detail, that the projected growth in research is at the high end of our long-term road map we have previously provided while events and consulting are below. This is the result of our deliberate decision to focus more on growing research. Events and consulting are two great businesses and important component of our portfolio but the incremental earnings in cash from growing research are significantly higher and over time, we believe this strategy will generate higher revenue earnings in cash flow growth and better returns for our shareholders. So with that, I will turn it over to Chris for additional business unit highlight and financial detail.
Chris Lafond - Chief Financial Officer:  Thanks Gene and good morning everyone. 2007 was another strong year for Gartner. We continued to successfully execute on our long-term strategy with the objectives of accelerating growth and revenue, profitability, and cash flow. We delivered on the financial objectives that we established early in the year, and we are now well positioned to continue to generate double-digit revenue and earnings growth. Let me start today by reviewing our fourth quarter and full year 2007 results before turning to outlook for 2008. Ill begin with our research segment. Contract value achieved a record $753 million at December 31st. This was an 18% year-over-year increase, 14% FX neutral and our fourth consecutive quarter of high teens growth, as reported. In each of the four quarters of 2007, contract value increased at least 18% year-over-year. And for each of the past three years, we have accelerated the organic growth and contract value excluding the impact of foreign exchange, in the Meta acquisition. As many of you know, contract value is a key leading indicator of our research business, and this performance demonstrates a strong demand for our products despite the uncertain economic environment. I am particularly happy to report that this contract value growth is extremely balanced. Each of our major geographies delivered double-digit increases. All of our client industry segments, including the financial services sector, achieved strong contract value increases both year over year and versus Q3. Similarly, we are experiencing solid growth across all sizes of clients, highlighting the demand and market opportunity for our research products from the highest and largest companies to small and mid-size enterprises. We have experienced no weakness in the demand for our research products. New business continues to be an important contributor to contract value growth, approximately two-thirds of the year-over-year increase in contract values from new client enterprises that we were not working with at the start of the year. We continue to execute on our strategy to systematically increase prices on our research products to both annual price increases and by adding higher-priced premium products to the portfolio. That said, the majority of our contract value growth in 2007 was driven by volume, not price increases, further evidence of the strong demand and vast market for our products. The success of our role-based products accounted for 40% of the strong growth in net new client enterprises. Gartner for IT leaders alone had $154 million of contract value at December 31st, up more than 100% over last year. And Gartner for business leaders represented $55 million of contract value in only its first year on the market. Our executive programs business accounted for $189 million of contract value at December 31st, a year-over-year increase of 19% as reported, with 13% on an FX neutral basis. Gartner for IT executives, our new suite of role-based products for CIOs included in executive programs, was launched in the third quarter and is already showing encouraging results. Importantly, we are also having great success at further penetrating our existing clients by selling them additional research subscriptions and upgrading them to our role-based products. This is reflected in our improved retention rates. Role retention was up significantly this year and remained over 100% in all four quarters of 2007. We also saw higher client retention throughout the year, ending at 82% in December. The higher retention rates have also been the result of the improvements we have made to deliver world class client service. Our ability to deliver contract value growth earlier in the year converted to strong research revenue growth in the fourth quarter, up 19% to $181 million. We capitalized on the operating leverage in our research business as we drove a 6 point increase to research contribution margin in Q4. For the full year research revenue increased 18% to $673 million a substantial acceleration in growth versus 2006. And contribution margin increased 4 percentage points. Our FX neutral basis research revenue growth is already at the high end of our financial roadmap range of 12% to 16%, a target that we originally expected to achieve by 2009. Improving our sales capability and productivity is another important component of our strategy. For the full year 2007, we added 143 new sales associates, bringing our year-end total to 806. We are extremely focused on generating an attractive return on this investment by ensuring that our sales force achieves maximum productivity. At investor day on March 6, we plan to provide more detail on how we measure sales force productivity to highlight the progress we are making. At a high level, the principal metric we look at is the average annual net increase in contract value generated for a sales associate. This metric of sales productivity increased significantly in 2007, and we expect it to continue to increase in 2008. Let me now turn to our consulting business. This segment had a great fourth quarter as well with revenue up 20%, contribution margin up 10 points to 42%, and utilization up 12 percentage points to 73%. This growth was driven by a substantial improvement in our contract optimization business as well as solid growth from our core consulting business. As we had previously explained, our contract optimization business was particularly weak in the fourth quarter of 2006, due to a change we made to sales incentives. We told you that we believed the situation was corrected, and our Q4 results show the actions we took were successful. For the full year 2007, consulting revenue increased 6% despite the overall head income being down 9% from last year as a result of exiting consulting operations in the APEC region in the second quarter. Our utilization increased by 5 points to 69% for the full year. This is close to the target we set to have consistent 70% plus utilization. Our average engagement size has increased significantly and is now approximately $300,000. These metrics, coupled with the full year contribution margin of 39%, demonstrate that our strategy to improve productivity and invest with future profitable growth, is working as planned. Importantly, backlog ended the year up 11% at $121 million. This highlights the continued demand for our unique consulting assets and positions us well for growth in 2008. Turning to our events segment, I will focus on the results for the full year, since quarterly results are skewed by the timing of our events calendar. For the full year 2007, events generated revenue growth of 7%, while holding 78 events and 74 the prior year. We continue to attract a high quality audience of CIOs and other senior IT executives. Attendee growth of 8% demonstrates continued interest in our portfolio of events. On the exhibitor side, revenues were modestly below our expectations to the operational issues we discussed earlier in the year. As Gene mentioned we have identified opportunities for improvement and have plans in place to capture them. We continued our ongoing strategy to effectively manage our events portfolio by launching new events and pruning less successful events. As part of that process, we announce today that we are in negotiation to divest our non-core Vision events business and expect to complete a deal this quarter. Vision is a very good business but unlike the core events in our portfolio, the main value proposition is not driven by research content. Our competitive advantage in events is driven by or unrivaled research content and Vision does not fit into this model. Divesting this business will allow the events leadership team to focus on our core businesses and importantly allow the vision business and team to thrive under a different owner. Moving down the income statement, SG&A increased by $13.4 million or 12% year-over-year in the fourth quarter and by $59.2 million or 14% in the full year. The increase reflects our continued investment in our sales organization, which grew headcount by 22% during the year. Also our SG&A expense comparisons were adversely affected by foreign exchange with $5 million impact in the fourth quarter and a $20 million impact for the full year. We continue to successfully manage G&A expense, which has again declined as a percent of revenue; two percentage points for the fourth quarter and one percentage point for the full year. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange and non-cash equity comp expense, the absolute spending on G&A is down from 2006. Moving to our tax rate, you will note it was 39% on the fourth quarter. This was due to our decision to take advantage of an opportunity to repatriate $43 million of cash held offshore, which resulted in an increase of 1.7 points on the rate for the full year. We believe this repatriation was executed at an attractive and modest one-time cost. Going forward, we expect our annual effective tax rates to be approximately 32% to 33%. Turning to cash for the full year 2007, operating cash flow increased 40% to $148 million and capital expenditures were $24 million. We continue to tightly manage capital spending to focus on investments critical to the execution of our strategy. You can see we are generating operating cash flow approaching $1.50 per share, substantially above our earnings per share. As a result of the decline in our stock price and coupled with our strong operating performance and outlook, we were very aggressive with share repurchases during the fourth quarter. We repurchased 5.5 million shares at a total cost of $103 million, bringing our full year repurchases to 8.4 million shares, a total cost of $169 million. As a result, our fully-diluted shares outstanding ended the fourth quarter down 8% from December 31, 2006. We have continued to repurchase shares during January, and as of January 31st had about 23 million remaining in current authorization. We believe that repurchasing our stock remains a compelling use of our capital and our board is authorized up to an additional $250 million to be used for share repurchases. Now let me turn to our business outlook for 2008. We expect that total revenues will grow by 9% to 11% to approximately $1.3 to $1.325 billion. Projected revenues by segment are as follows: research revenue of approximately $770-780 million, a 14% to 16% growth rate; consulting revenue of approximately $335-345 million, a 3% to 6% growth rate; events revenue of approximately $190-194 million, a 5% to 7% growth rate; and other revenue of approximately $5-6 million. We expect normalized EBITDA for the full year 2008 to be $213 and $223 million, an increase of 10% to 15% over 2007. In 2008, the cost associated with equity compensation under FAS 123 are/is expected to be approximately $26-28 million. For 2008, we expect total depreciation and amortization to be approximately $28 million. We expect interest expense of approximately $22 million, and other expense of approximately $3 million. We are projecting an effective annual tax rate of between 32% and 33% and average fully-diluted shares outstanding of between 98 million and 100 million shares for the years. GAAP EPS for 2008 is expected to be between $0.90 and $1, a 32% to 47% increase over last year. The company will continue to improve its cash generation as we drive growth in our research business. In 2008, we expect cash flow from operations of $155 million to $170 million and capital expenditures of $25 million to $27 million. After a number of years of low cash tax payments as a result of refunds and other planning opportunities, our cash tax payments are increasing in 2008. As demonstrated over the past year, we will continue to use our strong cash position to reduce our outstanding shares through the expansion of the share repurchase program announced today. Note that this 2008 outlook does not reflect the impact of the planned divestiture of the Visions events business I discussed earlier. Assuming the transaction is completed, the impact on our projections for full year revenue, normalized EBITDA, GAAP EPS and cash flow are included in the press release. While our policy is to provide annual but not quarterly earnings guidance, I want to provide some additional information to allow for an understanding of the seasonality and other factors that will impact our revenue and earnings on a quarterly basis. I would like to remind everyone that the revenues from our events business are based on the timing of our events. In 2008, changes in the events calendar result in approximately $8 million of revenue moving from Q1 into Q2 as compared to 2007. A majority of events revenue will be delivered in the second and fourth quarters and our fourth quarter remains our most significant, with annual fall symposium IT Expo Series occurring in October and November. We are currently targeting 82 events in 2008, up from 78 in 2007. Both these figures include 16 events in the Vision portfolio in both years, our key performance metrics for consulting our annual targets. Utilization in particular fluctuates from quarter to quarter primarily due to seasonal factors such as holidays and vacations. We anticipate the timing of revenue for the consulting segment in 2008 to approximate the pattern of 2007. Given all of these seasonal factors, we expect Q1 EBITDA to be roughly 14% to 16% of the annual EBITDA. As Gene mentioned, you can see from our outlook we are managing our businesses for higher growth from research and more modest growth from consulting and events as outlined in our financial road map. We believe this will maximize growth and shareholder returns. As we have shown over the past three years, we are committed to double-digit revenue growth and margin expansion over time, and we will provide a more detailed discussion on the financial road map as we always do at investor day on March 6. In closing, let me summarize the highlights of our 2007 performance. We succeeded on our commitment to generate double-digit revenue and earnings growth. We generated overall revenue growth of 12%, expanded our normalized EBITDA margin by almost two points, grew our GAAP EPS by 36% and produced $148 million of operating cash flow. We continue to invest to accelerate the long-term growth and profitability of our research business through new product launches, sales capacity and productivity enhancements, and client service improvements. We effectively managed our consulting and events businesses for growth and maximum profitability, and we returned significant cash to our shareholders by repurchasing $8.4 million shares of our outstanding stock. Looking ahead, as Gene stated, we are very optimistic about our business fundamentals and market opportunity but cautious on the economic environment. We are prudently managing our business to ensure that we continue to deliver double-digit revenue growth, double-digit earnings growth, and increasing returns to our shareholders in any economic environment. Before we finish and begin the Q&A session, I want to remind you about our annual investor day in New York City on March 6. Please call Germaine Scott at 203-316-3411 to register, or if you have any questions about this event. We look forward to seeing you there. With that, Ill open up the call for your questions. Operator?
Operator:  (Operator instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Peter Appert with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Peter Appert: Thanks and good morning. These are very impressive results. Congratulations guys. So, I just have a couple of questions. One, in the context the more challenging macro backdrop, I am wondering if you are rethinking at all your pricing strategies and specifically, whether you might step back from the fairly aggressive efforts you have had in the last couple of years increased prices.
Gene Hall:  Hey Peter, its Gene. In terms of our pricing, let me just tell you two things. First, we have not seen any push back on pricing from clients prospects or our sales people. Having said that, let me just clarify what our pricing strategy is, we have some legacy products out there that people bought before the new set of products we started introducing three years ago, and those products, we have been on a strategy, which I intend to stay on, of increasing the prices modestly, think 5% to 7% a year, and our real price increase strategy is we have new products that are very attractive that are typically priced something like twice as high as the discounted old legacy products. And so, our price strategy is two-fold. If they stick to the legacy products, think kind of 5% to 7% a year; if they upgraded to new products, the clients make a decision to spend, call it on average, twice as much, or that kind of depends on where they start, but Im going to call it on the average, twice as much, and what we found is, when clients are making that decision, they are just flying for making those price increases and they are also very happy, think of sort of the 5% to 7% on our legacy products as being very reasonable price increases, consistent with what they are doing in the general economy. So the answer is, we are going to keep them on the same pricing strategy that I just described, and we have seen it working extremely successfully. It is of all of the concerns that come out on things; pricing is not one that we see hardly ever.
Peter Appert: Okay. That is very helpful. Thank you. And how about changes, to follow up on that, what are you doing for the clients in year 2 or year 3 of the migration to the newer product offerings? Are there price increases built in there?
Gene Hall: Generally, no well, first for the new products we also increase those every year as well. So like I said legacy products whether the clients are paying an increased 5% to 7% a year. The new products we priced, as I have said the entry price is kind of twice as high but on top of that, then each year those go up and we do not discount those. Everyone is on the same pricing plan that has those new products, unlike our legacy products.
Peter Appert: Right.
Gene Hall: And so those prices do go up. Now there is one exception which is for clients that are particularly low legacy pricing, we have a pricing plan where our client can go from the legacy to the new over a two-year period. They do have the difference in the first year and in the folder which is the second year with a two-year contract with us. But actually, what we are finding is that vast majority of clients actually go straight to the high price as opposed to the two-step plan. But it they are on the high price, there is still going to be increasing each year, call it 5% to 7%.
Peter Appert: Got it. I guess I could figure this out from some of the numbers you have given us but you can tell me roughly what percentage of the contract value then is still in and what you would consider to be legacy products?
Chris Lafond: Peter, if you just go through some of the numbers that weve shared and let me just reiterate them for people. So total contract value ended at $753. Our entire research portfolio, which includes both the legacy products and new products is $563 million roughly, executive programs being about $189 million. As we talked about during my section, about $154-155 million is the new Gartner for IT leaders product, about $55-56 million being the new Gartner for business leaders product. So the remainder would be what is left in the legacy products, and that would be Core Research, Dataquest; it would also include Industry and Invest so there are a number of things in there. But thats roughly how it breaks out.
Peter Appert: Okay, great. Very helpful, thanks. And then, on the dialing back of the sales force expansion, can you give a little more of your thought process there, in the context of how successful its been in the last couple of years. I guess Im a little bit surprised that you stepped back. And then Im also wondering, how does that flow through then, as we think about this inability of growth in 2009 and beyond because presumably youre going to be adding less new contract value next year?
Chris Lafond: So, great question. When you cut to the chase, we dont think of it as a slower growth rate, and heres why. First, our original plan for 2007 was to harp out 120 salespeople. As I mentioned, we actually harped 143. So we added something about 23 more than we had originally planned. We are still planning to hire another 80 this year, so that when you think about it actually, its the 80 plus the 23 so call it 103 that we will add this year. We just happened to get 23 of them on board in December, call it, as opposed to in the first quarter. And so, its not quite as big a change as it looks. Secondly, we think that as we look at it, theres a big opportunity to improve productivity as well. And so what were doing really is saying lets, given the economic outlook, lets focus a little bit on adding product, on improving productivity, during the first half of the year; well still be hiring modestly but will focus more on productivity. And in the second half, as we see what happens with the economy and our productivity, decide what to do. And so, if we see that productivity is really good, demand is holding up, we could easily go beyond the 80 we talked about earlier, as we did last year when we saw things were going well. But just because we think both productivity improvement and we started the year with 23 more people than we normally would have, is why we kind of cut back a little bit. You shouldnt take it as a lack of either optimism on demand or anything. It was that from time to time its good to focus on productivity as well, and its just a small change anyways. Instead of 120, its 103 for the full year if you look at it the way I described it.
Peter Appert: Sure. Makes sense. And then, would the 80 then be backloaded in the year or be spread through the year?
Chris Lafond: So, we have 30 on board already and the other 50 are in the second half, spread throughout the second half pretty evenly. As I said, Peter, if we saw conditions either better or worse, well ramp it up or down, but thats kind of our starting point.
Peter Appert: Okay. And then, one last thing then Ill let someone else speak. Chris, obviously youve been very aggressive on the stock buy-back, which makes a ton of sense, I think in the context of the share price performance, so how comfortable are you adding incrementally to leverage beyond what youve done already to further accelerate the stock buy-back, and how do you think about leverage ratios in terms of your comfort level?
Chris Lafond: Great question. A couple of things, Peter. First, its important to note that if you look back over the last few years, with all the shares we bought back, our overall debt to EBITDA ratios have not dramatically changed. So, as we have gone through this exercise, yes, our debt has gone up a bit. We have funded a lot of this through ongoing cash flow, which we would expect to be part of what we would do going forward. So, even at the current levels of debt, net debt today is about $284 million. We are very comfortable at these levels, in fact, very comfortable increasing from here. So we have increased slightly; Id be happy to increase more. Certainly, as you look at debt to EBITDA levels below three times debt to EBITDA, we still feel very comfortable and we are well below that. Just to be clear, its $294 million of debt, $110 of cash to get to the net number I gave you of $284 of debt. Just to be clear on that. But again, we are more than happy to at these levels take on some additional debt to continue to be aggressive because again, we believe that at the current levels this is a very creative and a very good return of capital for shareholders.
Peter Appert: Excellent. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Fred Searby of JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Fred Searby: Yeah, thank you. Couple of questions. One is on the consulting business. Its been very lumpy, but you had a great fourth quarter. But in the guidance, you were sort of saying thats not going to carry through and Im thinking about your consulting business. Can you help us think about how economically sensitive it is? There seems to be a component that would be countercyclical. Youve named a new head of the business but you see it below your target growth rate and youre seeing 3% to 6%. It looks like maybe deceleration, so is that economic sensitivity? I wonder first if you could help us with that. And then secondly, are you seeing any geographic differentiation in demand and growth, specifically international markets that havent been quite as impacted obviously by the credit crunch in Asia and some of the other markets where you could see maybe stronger growth than in the US or is it pretty much still uniform? Thank you.
Gene Hall:  Those are very great questions. Let me start with the second one first, which is: In terms of demand for all of our products, and theres not research or consulting organs, all of them. We have seen strong demand across all geographies and across all industries. So, and to your point, demand has been either a little bit stronger in Asia but this year demand has been strong everywhere. So if you looked at our actual demand, and you can see it in both our research contract value growth and the acceleration in backlog in consulting. If anything, in fourth quarter, and were seeing that as we speak today, demand has been higher, not lower, and again its uniform across the board, all industries, all geographies. So we dont see any indication in our demand or in our pipeline that we are seeing any impact of the economic uncertainty. In terms of consulting, there are a couple of things going on there. First, as I mentioned, because the economics of research are so attractive, we really could have focused on growing research. Which means that on balance shift some additional resources there, additional management attention and so forth. Which means consulting events will get a little bit less. So thats one piece of whats wrong with consulting. The second piece is that our kind of philosophy on thinking about projections is lets use past performance as the best indicator. Even though we may be doing things and we are doing things we think could accelerate that performance, ensures projections is what we want to use, is what weve actually seen, not what might happen. And so if you look at our guidance for consulting next year, its really based on that philosophy. Theres no concern on economic impact. Again last year we had the best growth in backlog in consulting as you can see our numbers but weve seen I think its the fact that theyre in Gartner. And so to your point, it may even be a little counter cyclical given the kinds of things that we do for clients, which is two of the primary businesses are really focused on cost reduction: thats our benchmarking business, contract optimization services. The third business core has a big component which is also focused on cost reduction. Of course you would not count on guidance on this issue.
Chris Lafond: Yeah, Fred its Chris. Just a couple of things to help make sure people understand the Q4 significant growth we had. And if you recall in Q4 of 2006 we had a particularly weak quarter because our contract optimization business didnt perform particularly well. We had made some changes to plans that didnt work out the way we had hoped. We made changes to those, and we had a particularly strong Q4 in contract optimization. So when you kind of normalize for that, that had a pretty significant impact on the reason we were kind of 20% up year over year. So if you normalize for that and then you look forward, it doesnt look like were going from a 20% growth rate to a lower percentage that we have in our guidance of that business of 3% to 6%. So I would not necessarily look at it as a deceleration. You should also note that fourth quarter also always tends to be a relatively strong quarter for us because of some of the seasonality of that contract optimization services and how that business works. So, I just wanted to provide a little clarity on that. 
Gene Hall:  One other thing Id add, Fred, is that as you mentioned we had a leadership change to consulting, but there really isnt any parameters. Warren, hes been with us for 11 years, and has had a series of jobs within consulting, has been very successful; in fact, he led our core consulting business worldwide, which has performed very well, probably the best of the three consulting segments. So he has a great track record and I think it really positions us well in terms of leadership.
Fred Searby: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Letterman with William Blair. Please proceed.
Laura Letterman:  You had a great quarter guys. Can you tell us a little bit about acquisitions going forward as the environment this week or this year prices will go down or do you remain looking out there for different types of properties and if so, what type of things would you look at?
Gene Hall: Hi, Laura. Gene. Great question. We have a group that is in charge of identifying, evaluating, and negotiating acquisitions and we try to make sure that we have the capacity to do it as well. We see that as a core part of our strategy. We are always looking and evaluating the companies and if we see opportunities, we will certainly go after them. In fact, at any given point in time, we have a number of targets that were looking at.
Laura Letterman: Just in case, but when you talk to your CIOs and you probably have more access to them than anybody else, what are they saying about that budget? Should we expect them to go down and I guess part two of the question is if they do expect their budgets to go down, what have they said about your services in terms of how they fit within that concerning budget and burden and you hit it a little bit that they said that they would remain strong, but can you talk a little bit about details about whats going to happen in budgets and how that impacts you? Thank you.
Gene Hall: Sure. So it really varies by geography at that. So if you talk in Asia Pacific, budgets are going up and people are planning to spend more and even though there are alert of obviously the economic issues in the US, theres no thought of there might be a budget cut or anything like that when we talk to Asian clients. When we talk to European clients, there is actually a very similar story that the general thought is that budgets are going to go up and its kind of business as usual. In the US, theres a nix where people are concerned and I think its more that budgets havent been cut but there are people in certain industries, you can guess which ones, that have a concern that their budgets could decline at that. Now, in fact it goes by geography but overall is quite positive. And then secondly, with regard to our services, even though our budgets are likely to decline, clients are very enthusiastic about our services. And Ill give you an example. If you have a large financial institution thats spending a billion dollars on buying equipment, theyre making a draconian budget cut that says instead of a billion you have to spend $800 million? Which is a big reduction if youre selling stuff to that company. On the other hand, theyre still buying $800 million, and when you look at our services, were now, my boss, the CIO as well as the CEO expect that he still delivers stuff at 20% less. I have to be more effective and if I pay Gartner $70,000 to help me make that $800 million more effective, thats an incredible value. And so, thats the value we provide and thats how CIOs and others in IT think about us. It is such a small expense and it helps them do what they need to do even in an uncertain economic environment.
Laura Letterman: Final question then Ill pass it on. Looking at the exhibitor piece of the events business that has been very, very profitable and honestly, there were some issues there that you made some changes. Can you talk about the progress there and whether if you look at the high-tax bureau coming up or the one in the fall whether the business is starting to pick up in terms of those trade show booths?
Gene Hall:
 :
. :
Laura Letterman: Once again, congratulations on a good quarter. Thank you.
Gene Hall: Thank you!
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Sutherland with Boenning and Scattergood. Please proceed.
Bill Vittorio: Hi, this is actually Bill Vittorio for Bill Sutherland. Just have one quick question. What was the ending diluted share count as of December 31?
Gene Hall:  Alright, Bill. Just give me one second. The ending of fully diluted share count on December 31 was 1059.15 for the quarter. In fact, thats fully diluted so our actual, if you look at shares outstanding, they actually end at just right around 100 or slightly below 100 given the aggressive share repurchases we had in the quarter. So, that number obviously is the average of the quarter. I just want to make sure to point out that its been coming down pretty significantly.
Bill Vittorio: Great. Thank you.
Gene Hall: Sure.
Operator: (Operator instructions). At this time, there are no further questions in cue. I will now the call back over to Gene Hall for final remarks.
Gene Hall: Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate you hearing out our results there. We look forward to seeing you on March 6th at our investor day. Take care.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentleman for your participation in todays conference. All parties may now disconnect. Enjoy your day.
