===== 2025 Q2  (2025-05-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Johnson Controls Second Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jim Lucas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jim Lucas: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls' fiscal second quarter 2025 results. Joining me on the call today are Johnson Controls' Chief Executive Officer, Joakim Weidemanis; and Marc Vandiepenbeeck, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, let me remind you that during our presentation today, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect our current views about our future performance and financial results. These statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings for a list of these important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our predictions. We will also reference certain non-GAAP measures throughout today's presentation. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures are contained in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to this presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of Johnson Controls' website. I will now turn the call over to Joakim.
Joakim Weidemanis: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call. I'm just about two months into the job and I'm appreciative of the very warm welcome I've received from the Johnson Controls team. I'd like to start by thanking our 100,000 colleagues around the world for their dedication to our customers and the work they do every day. As you can see from our strong second quarter results, we continue to execute better across the portfolio. Organic sales grew 7%. Segment margins expanded 180 basis points to 16.7%, and adjusted EPS increased 19%. During the quarter, orders were up 5%, led by continued strength in our leading applied and resilient service businesses. Overall, we grew our record backlog by 12% to $14 billion. At a fundamental level, these results show broad-based and sustained demand for our differentiated solutions. And now, as a more focused company and with strength and execution, we're driving value for all of our customers and shareholders. Our strong performance in recent quarters, combined with the continuous momentum in our recurring businesses and record backlog give us the confidence to today raise our guidance slightly for the full year. Marc is going to provide more details on this later in the call. Now, I will share how I've been spending my initial weeks as CEO of Johnson Controls and some of my early observations. I will also touch on the benefits of our new organizational model and reporting segments. Before I start, my main takeaway is that I see great potential in this iconic 140-year-young technology-based and service-enabled company. I have a good sense, even in these early days, of the opportunity to further enhance value for shareholders. First, what am I seeing? Prior to my role at Johnson Controls, I spent 13 years at Danaher, profitably scaling global businesses by building stronger capabilities and operational execution and accelerating organic growth as well as making strategic acquisitions. I learned from that experience that the best way to get to know a business fast and in-depth is to spend a considerable amount of time at Gemba. This means joining our team on the front lines, where the action is and where the value is created. Over the last eight weeks, I have visited eight countries, many customers, hundreds of our field colleagues, all of our main R&D centers and walked the floor in 15 factories. I am becoming ingrained in the business, getting up to speed on the needs of our customers, markets, competitors, technologies, services and assessing our capabilities in operational and growth execution, talent and strategy. So where are we now? It's clear to me that Johnson Controls has considerable strengths. First, our market-leading franchises, such as our YORK HVAC business and our Metasys Building Automation Controls platform. Second, our talent in the field is a true differentiator. We have over 40,000 dedicated and customer-oriented employees. Finally, our technological capabilities and our product domains are impressive. Our capabilities are evidenced by our many industry firsts and nearly 8,000 patents, with more coming. Johnson Controls has come a long way over the last several years, but as I said, there is still great potential to unlock in this iconic technology-based and service-enabled company. An important step in achieving this is our new structure. Let me discuss our new organizational model. Johnson Controls has been undergoing a lot of change the past few years, including the pending sale of our residential and light commercial HVAC business. We have now evolved our operating model, which is an important first step to make us a more customer-centric organization. As you can see on Slide 5, we have reorganized into three geographical, customer-oriented reporting segments, which are supported by leading global functional capabilities. Our goal is to achieve market-leading performance and build a faster-growing and more profitable company by strengthening how we serve our customers, improving our operational performance and accelerating innovation. Our three geographical segments serve as our consolidated commercial engine regardless of channel strategy, responsible for improving customer intimacy and market reach while delivering profitable systems and life cycle solutions growth. The geographical segments are supported by two global centers of functional excellence. The products and solutions group is tasked with accelerating our rate and speed of innovation and improving our operational performance in supply chain and manufacturing. Our commercial and field operations team is tasked with building capabilities in all commercial areas by deploying best practices and tools, which enables our regions to grow faster by finding and winning more customers while improving how we serve them over the life cycle. This organizational model clarifies and delineates roles and responsibilities in a much better way and it is the right next step for Johnson Controls. We're looking forward to realizing its benefits. With that, as I said, I have a few initial impressions to share. First, throughout my travels, I can see that there are opportunities for us to focus a lot more on our customers and our competition in all functions and layers in our organization. I'm encouraging everyone at Johnson Controls from customer-facing to senior leadership, to prioritize winning with our customers and to act with speed and urgency. This emphasis, coupled with our new operating model, will allow us to build a more agile, faster-executing, and thereby faster-growing and more predictable execution engine. Second, our operational and innovation execution is slowed by complexities in our current product offerings, number of SKUs, footprint, and operating methods. This can be unlocked with tried and proven lean and business system approaches. As some of you know, lean is about orienting and aligning an entire organization around our customers, involving all employees in waste elimination and continuous improvement to build capabilities, better processes and speed. In short, a winning execution engine. Third, I'm taking an objective, fresh look at our strategy and how to best further optimize our portfolio. I will share more at a later point in time about what I think is good for Johnson Controls as I deepen my understanding of our businesses, end markets, and customer needs. I still have a lot of listening and learning to do. I want to continue to do it where the real value is created at Gemba. We are building on a solid foundation, and I believe with more relentless focus on customers across our organization as well as on lean-enabled execution fundamentals, we will be able to drive accelerated value creation. We have a unique offering and an enviable service capability that is driven by our culture of innovation. Johnson Controls will continue to redefine building performance, driving the next era of smart, safe, sustainable, and autonomous buildings and powering our customers' missions. And with that I'll turn it over to Marc to cover the quarter. Marc?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Thanks, Joakim, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 6. Our fiscal second quarter was strong across the board. Our team has worked diligently to navigate dynamic market conditions and capitalize on opportunities in front of us. We remain focused on driving consistent, predictable growth and delivering value to our shareholders. Organic revenue grew 7% and segment margin expanded 180 basis points to 16.7%, led by enhanced operational efficiencies and higher volumes. Adjusted EPS of $0.82 was up 19% year-over-year and exceeded the high end of our guidance range. The strong first half of the year reflects our team's ongoing dedication and strategic execution. On the balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with approximately $800 million in available cash, and net debt decreased to 2.4 times, which is within our long-term target range of 2 times to 2.5 times. Adjusted free cash flow for the quarter was strong, resulting in an impressive increase of approximately $1.1 billion year-to-date. This improvement, supported by strong working capital fundamentals, underscores our effective financial management and solid operational performance. Let's now discuss our segment results in more details on Slides 7 through 9. Beginning on Slides 7 and 8 our Building Solutions region delivered another solid quarter. Order grew 5% in the quarter despite facing a tough comparison and the impact of accelerated orders in the prior quarter due to global uncertainties. This growth underscored the sustained customer demand for differentiated solutions and services. Geographically, orders in North America increased 4% in the quarter, with mid-single-digit growth in both systems and service. In EMEA/LA, orders were up 10%, with 13% growth in service and 8% growth in systems. In Asia Pacific, orders were flat as we continue to implement our strategy in China, prioritizing the booking of profitable system projects with upfront payments. Meanwhile, service orders grew nearly 20%. Organic sales increased 7% with solid high-single-digit growth in both systems and service. Sales in North America were up 7% organically with continued strength in both HVAC and Controls. In EMEA/LA, organic sales grew 5%, led by 9% growth in service. In Asia Pacific, sales grew 13% organically with strong double-digit growth on both systems and our resilient service business. Margins for Building Solutions have been steadily improving over the past few quarters and we continued our trend this quarter. Our focus on operational efficiencies and an optimized service mix has significantly boosted profitability. By region, EMEA/LA adjusted segment EBITDA margin expanded 410 basis points to 12.5% driven by improved productivity and a positive mix of service growth. In APAC, adjusted margin expanded 360 basis points to 14.6% as productivity and mix improved. In North America, adjusted margin declined 20 basis points to 13.4% as system growth outpaced service growth. The higher system growth was a positive contributor to the overall margin expansion within Global Products. Building Solutions' backlog remains at record levels, growing 12% to $14 billion. System backlog grew 12% and service backlog grew 9%. Turning to Slide 9. Global Products continued to build momentum and delivered another strong quarter of growth and margin improvements. Organic sales grew 8% as price remained positive, and we delivered six points of volume growth. Applied HVAC grew more than 20% with strong double-digit growth in North America and EMEA/LA. Adjusted segment EBITA margin expanded 600 basis points to 30.3% as our improved operational efficiencies drove considerable margin enhancements. Let's discuss our fiscal third quarter and full-year guidance on Slide 10. Our second quarter performance and continued growth in our orders and backlog position us for continued success in the second half of fiscal 2025. For the third quarter, we anticipate organic sales growth of mid-single-digits, adjusted segment EBITA margin of approximately 17.5% and adjusted EPS in a range of $0.97 to $1. For the full year, we are maintaining our guidance for organic sales growth of mid-single-digit, as our continued strength in orders and our resilient backlog provide visibility into the second half. With our strong start to the year and continued improvement in our operational efficiencies, we are raising our full-year guidance for margins, adjusted EPS, and free cash flow conversion. We now anticipate adjusted segment EBITA margin to expand roughly 90 basis points and adjusted EPS to approximate $3.60 per share, representing roughly 12% growth. Our working capital metrics have consistently improved, and our free cash flow performance has been strong year-to-date. As a result, we now anticipate achieving free cash flow conversion of approximately 100% for the full year. We continue to target returning 100% of our free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Lastly, our updated guidance considers the current geopolitical environment, including tariffs. Based on the regulatory environment as we know it to-date, we believe our annualized exposure to tariffs before mitigating actions is approximately 2% of sales or 3% of cost of goods sold. As you can see on Slide 11, we have activated many levers to enhance our resiliency and mitigate the expected impact from tariffs. This includes strengthening our in-region, four-region manufacturing strategy, dynamically transforming our supply chain by pivoting to local sourcing, accelerating our pricing action, and asserting our contractual right to the change orders. We believe by leveraging the strategies, coupled with our long-cycle business and resilient service mix, we have the capability to navigate the complexities of the current geopolitical landscape and continue to deliver strong performance. Before opening the lines for questions, I would like to turn the call over back to Joakim for a few additional comments.
Joakim Weidemanis: Thanks, Marc. I'm truly excited to lead this iconic company into this next chapter. As a more focused company, we have a great foundation to build upon. Looking ahead, my initial priorities are to increase our team's focus on customers and continue to develop and strengthen our ability to execute for the customer. I would like to take a moment to recognize and thank Marc for his continued impact on Johnson Controls, not just over his nearly 20-year career, but in particular as our CFO since January 2024. While we've only worked together for just shy of two months now, he is a strong partner and has helped me get up to speed. I enjoy partnering with him and look forward to continuing to do so. I also want to recognize George Oliver for his support as I stepped into the role as CEO and for his significant contributions over the last eight years. He has set us up well for our next chapter. Finally, I'm looking forward to engaging with many of you, the investors and analysts that I have crossed paths with since earlier in my career at Mettler Toledo and then during my 13 years at Danaher. I expect to continue to seek your input and perspectives as part of my effort to build transparent and constructive relationships. My goal is to help our team unlock the true potential and build a winning, sustainable, high-performance company as measured by all of our stakeholders. With that, operator, please open the lines for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Scott Davis of Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning, guys.
Joakim Weidemanis: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis: Welcome to your first call.
Joakim Weidemanis: Thank you, Scott.
Scott Davis: Hey, I know this is a little bit of a conceptual question, but how do you plan to kind of launch lean or deploy lean, I should say an organization this large? And maybe the better question to ask really is how ready is the organization? Have they already been -- has there already been some lean implemented and how broad I get -- I'll just kind of open it up to that?
Joakim Weidemanis: Yes. Thanks for that question, Scott. And I know you are one of several people on this call who is quite familiar with what lean is about. But just a reminder, it's an approach to align an entire organization towards the customer and then involving all of your people and not just manufacturing, but everyone in waste elimination, building stronger process capability so that you can execute faster for the customer, and in doing so, becoming faster and more competitive, but also, of course, taking out cost and capital. So to answer your question, I mean, the interesting thing here is that with -- and it was a long time ago -- but some of the automotive connections, there are some remnants of lean in a few places in this company. But the foundation is not very strong. But the interest is there. People have seen some of it in the past. So there's an open-mindedness to it, which is great. That's not always the case, as in my experience with all the acquisitions that I've been involved in over the years. So I'm happy to see that. Now where do you start? I mean, you typically pick a value stream, for example, a product line, and you take an end-to-end approach starting with a customer all the way through your installation and all the way through the factory, all the way back to suppliers as well as the order entry phase and so on. And you basically value stream and map issues, opportunities for improvement. And already in my first eight weeks here, it's fairly clear what a couple of value streams would be, where we're going to start. And as a matter of fact, we have already started slowly working on one value stream. So it's a matter of prioritizing. You can't boil the ocean and do it everywhere. You have to pick a value stream at a time. But I'm really excited about it. I see that there are tremendous opportunities for us here, applying lean execution fundamentals.
Scott Davis: So, Joakim, just to follow-up on that, I mean, you mentioned too many SKUs or too much complexity in the SKUs kind of either way. Do you expect those value streams to kind of lead you down the path of SKU rationalization or is that a separate kind of hurdle?
Joakim Weidemanis: No. You do it together. So as you're taking it on the value stream, I mean, that's -- you will discover as you go map the challenges that you have in that value stream, you're fairly early in my experience, you'll find those kinds of complexities, and so we'll go after them. Now we have a separate exercise that we've started attacking the SKU proliferation that we have. So there's some low-hanging fruit that we can go after before we start attacking each value stream.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Tusa of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Stephen Tusa: Hi. Good morning.
Joakim Weidemanis: Hey, Steve.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen Tusa: Congrats. And I guess just thinking about that a little bit of a step further on the entitlement of these businesses, I think we've looked at it in the past as perhaps JCI has a lower margin entitlement due to its business model of a bit more kind of field labor projects. How do we think about the entitlement of this business? Can we look at some of the publicly traded peers and think about your margins of being able to go there or is there some sort of ceiling due to the business model that you see?
Joakim Weidemanis: The way I see it, Steve, is that in addition to the product side, we have tremendous opportunity on the margins in the field as well. And this value stream mapping that I was talking about applies to how we can approach both unlocking further growth as well as margins in the field. And of course, there are also not just process, but there are digital tools and approaches available to us that could enable us to grow the margins very nicely in the field. So I don't see that we would have a bigger limit on the margin expansion here than any of our peers not at all.
Stephen Tusa: Okay. Got it. And then, as far as portfolio is concerned, how do you think about this portfolio? Do you like the construct with fire and security and HVAC and controls integrated or is that something that you're poking around at as well?
Joakim Weidemanis: Yes. So, I mean, I'm here to create shareholder value. And then the first thing you have to do when you're looking at a portfolio, which is looking at what you have or potential acquisitions, you need to start with strategy of course. So as I mentioned in the introduction here, I am taking a pretty deep and fresh look at our strategy for the entire business as well as the individual pieces. And I'm just eight weeks in, but of course, you see some patterns and you draw some conclusions already. Now you need to be a little careful because I am only eight weeks in. So at the appropriate time, I'll come back and share more of what I've learned and what I think is the right thing for Johnson Controls.
Operator: The next question comes from Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. And Joakim appreciate the open remarks. Very helpful. I wanted to actually start off with free cash flow because you raised the guidance to about 100% with obviously very strong performance in the first half of the year. So I'm just wondering, obviously, that's been a big initiative for you, Marc, to improve the free cash conversion. So what is the right level going forward? Are we now at a point where free cash conversion can be at a 100% level in '26 and beyond?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Hey, good morning, Nigel. You're right, we very confidently raise our guidance from the 90% plus to now about 100% this year. We had a very strong start of the year, generating that $1.1 billion in the first half. You followed us for a long time. Historically that first half used to be flattish to a slight free cash flow generation. $1.1 billion is a very strong start and it's really a demonstration that our operating model, the strength of our working capital structure, and how we've continuously improved our processes really start generating value across the entirety of the working capital, whether it's receivable, ability to build and collect on time, managing or payable, but particularly working on our inventory and not having to build too much inventory as we continue to grow fairly rapidly. And those working capital metrics continue to improve. We have those fundamental headwinds that we've talked about that are not changing in the coming couple of years. So I think it's a bit early for me to tell you, like, we are going to be 100% all the way forever, but I think I see good signs for us to be solidly in the 90s and probably better as we continue to improve those operational efficiencies through the working capital.
Nigel Coe: That's great to hear. And then Joakim, I know it's early days and you've been in the seat for eight weeks, but Danaher is obviously a company that devotes more like 100% of the free cash flow to acquisitions. And JCI's commitment is more on the returning capital to shareholders. So where do you stand on capital allocation going forward? Do you think the scope for JCI to be more acquisitive or are you committed to that shareholder return?
Joakim Weidemanis: So I think the work I'm doing on the strategy together with the team here is going to help us answer that question. Now I do think that there are opportunities with some of our franchises to continue to differentiate with a technology angle. And so part of the strategic work that I'm doing is to explore how to do that at pace. But like I said I'm digging into the strategy right now. I'm taking a fresh, independent look from the past, if you will. And then, based on that, that when I'm ready, I will come back and talk more about what that means for the capital allocation strategy.
Operator: The next question comes from Amit Mehrotra of UBS. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks. Good morning. Welcome, Joakim.
Joakim Weidemanis: Thank you.
Amit Mehrotra: Joakim, as you think about positioning the business for higher returns, I guess I'm trying to understand the drivers of that between cost out and cost leverage. Specifically, is there an opportunity for absolute cost takeout, which I assume could be executed on relatively quickly or is this really more about leveraging the existing service network and service cost base via a higher service attachment, which is obviously seems like maybe it's a little bit more of a longer cycle journey? I'm just trying to -- we're Wall Street analysts. So we're not very patient, but -- and so, as a result, we want to calibrate my expectations or our expectations on what the organization can do, if anything, in the near-term to improve margins.
Joakim Weidemanis: Yes. I think the reality is it's a situation of that we're going to be doing both. And I've seen this situation before by the way. So if we take the field, the service capabilities, we have 40,000 people in the field there in sales as well. But there I would say there is more about cost leverage. It takes decades to build a field position that we have. I mean it's really an enviable position. But so there it's more leverage. So there we will be working on process efficiencies, getting more capacity out of the people that we have, digital approaches, as well as service offerings. And then applying lean principles, I would -- which is really about, like I said, removing waste, increasing speed, and being able to execute more predictably. But as you do that, you invariably find cost takeout and capital takeout opportunities. So I think away from the field, it's a combination of leverage, but there's where you're probably going to see more cost takeout.
Amit Mehrotra: Okay. And then just maybe one for Marc, if I could. So just with the pending divestiture of resi like commercial, I just think the business is obviously evolving into a much more longer cycle business. And I'd be curious to kind of understand, as you enter into new contracts and orders, how you manage the pricing of those contracts, just given the backdrop of inflation and obviously tariffs. Basically how do you just ensure the pricing of the backlog reflects some of those uncertainties and kind of moving parts?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. So for the past couple of years, we've implemented very strong contractual terms that allows us both to reprice as we see potential inflation but also manage better change orders. As you might have gone through the history, we had some delay in our ability to execute on our pricing strategy earlier on during the high inflation periods. And we've now completely re-overhauled our approach there. And it's not just our contractual terms, but it's our ability to execute on those change orders and get after the benefit you're entitled under your contractual agreement and all of the processes that come behind on being able to actually price cost and defend to the customer the value you've generated for them.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: Hi. Good morning, and welcome, Joakim. Looking forward to working with you.
Joakim Weidemanis: Thank you. The same.
Joe Ritchie: Yes. So, look, I know it's early days and I also recognize that the lean journey is one of continuous improvement. The company right now is signed up for some really nice margin expansion this year, right, the 90 basis points. I'm curious, as you're thinking about kind of like the medium-term opportunity, I know, again, early days, should we be expecting some similar level of margin expansion beyond this year? Just any way that you can either help quantify or maybe come back to us at a later date on how you're seeing the opportunities develop?
Joakim Weidemanis: Yes. So I see very interesting opportunities to both accelerate growth and improve margins. And I talked a little bit about how I think, by shifting how we work, being much more customer and competitor oriented and implementing lean approaches to improve our operational execution. So I think we're going to see both, as we discussed here, opportunities from leverage of resources, assets that we already have, as well as cost reductions. I'm actually really excited about what we could do here over the next couple of years. And I really see no reason for why we couldn't reach or surpass overtime and I will come back to the timing of that where some of our competitors are at today. And I will have to think about how quickly we can get to some of the profitability levels that prior businesses that I've run, and I'll have to come back to that at a later point in time, but I see us as having really, really compelling opportunities here.
Joe Ritchie: Great. Yes, that sounds great. We'll be looking forward to that update. And then maybe just on the fundamentals of the business today. I'm curious just there's been still a lot of consternation around data center growth. We ended up visiting you guys at Data Center World a few weeks ago. It also sounded like you were in the process of potentially coming out with a liquid cooling product. And so can you just maybe just provide an update how that business is trending, what the expectations are for just investments in new product rollout? Thank you.
Joakim Weidemanis: Yes, sure. So that's one I have been able to dig into in-depth and I've met with many of the largest customers that we have. So here is actually a part of the company where we have been more customer oriented, I would say, than in other parts of the business. And I don't mean to suggest that we're not customer oriented overall. Just I'm suggesting we can be even more customer oriented. But here in the data center business, as some of you probably know, we've worked with some of the largest customers with their engineering teams over the last couple of years to help them design their -- architecture of their data centers. And so we're working very closely with them. And the reason we have been invited and are doing so is our differentiated high performance YORK Chiller platform, efficiencies, water consumption, and so on. And so we have a very good position in this market. And the demand, as many of you have written about, continues to be very, very healthy, and we don't see that decreasing the rate of growth there at all over the next couple of years. So we're super excited about our continued growth there and what we can do based on the differentiation we have today. And maybe I could add a little bit more color. That market, of course, as many of you have written about is -- a large part of it is in North America, but a growing part of it is in Asia Pac. Europe is a little bit behind from a market point of view. I'm not talking about our sales now, but the market. And as our large global customers have started to expand into Asia, because of the work that we've done with them here in North America, we are already, they know we're already there with feet on the ground with our service capabilities, which, because these are more mission-critical applications, the service capabilities are incredibly important. So we're capitalizing on that as well as investing not just in manufacturing. I think that's something we've talked about probably in prior calls, but we're also investing in the field here with specific data center competencies. So I'm really excited about what we're going to be able to continue to do in the Data Center World.
Operator: The next question comes from Julian Mitchell of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning, and welcome, Joakim. Maybe the first question is just on the margin outlook in the short-term. So your operating margins were up, I think, close to 200 bps in the first half year-on-year. Second half looks like it's guided sort of flattish year-on-year. Just wondered how much of that is a tariff margin rate headwind, how much is maybe something going on with mix. And BSNA, certainly, the margins were down in the second quarter. Any sort of thoughts on how that plays out from here , please?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. Great question, Julian. So on the BSNA element here, as I mentioned in the opening remarks, some of that leverage, you see the improvement in margin at Global Products benefiting from the volume that BSNA has managed to pull through. And as we re-segment, and that's one of the big reasons to do such a thing, is you're going to have a more harmonized view of how the Americas will look like. We've shown you a little bit of the historical pattern, but very shortly, we will issue a harder second quarter shaped out under that new re-segmented view of the business. And you will see that benefit and that continuous improvement in margin coming through the Americas segments. As far as how we've guided the balance of the year, you're right, there is a -- on a margin rate standpoint, we have taken an approach where we are recovering the vast majority of the impact that we see from the tariff environment. But we are not applying margin on a lot of that. And what that comes down to is it puts a little bit of a damper on our ability short-term to improve that margin, but it doesn't really change that momentum over time. As we continue to take a lot of actions on simplifying our operating model and leaning out our cost structure, I think we will see some first upsides as we navigate through that tariff momentum in the next year.
Julian Mitchell: That's great. Thank you. And then maybe one for Joakim. Maybe just sort of fire and security market, it has undergrown HVAC for some time. I think this quarter sort of flattish sales in BSNA, up only low-single in Global Products. You called out the franchise strength at the beginning in YORK and Metasys. So just wondered, sort of, what are your initial impressions of the fire and security portfolio? I imagine there's a very broad range of performance and metrics within it, but any sort of broad-brush perspectives and how easy do you think it is to rejuvenate growth there?
Joakim Weidemanis: Yes. I think those are -- the fire and security franchises are also strong franchises for us. And what I have to learn more about is, as you pointed out, what is the growth acceleration potential there. And so I think it's a little too early for me to offer a conclusion on that. But part of my strategy work is trying to understand what could we expect to realistically get out of the individual franchises. And so I'll have to come back on that. But as many of you know from Danaher, not all franchises grew at the same rates, not all franchises had the same profitability levels or cash flow contributions, right? So I'm thinking about what -- could there be different roles that different parts of the portfolio plays for us, right, not only in terms of what should we be in or what should we not be in, right? So I'm taking a rich, fresh, dispassionate look at our strategy and what's possible in the market with what we have. And based on that, I'm going to come back and share with you at the appropriate point in time what I think it is the right thing for us to do.
Operator: The next question comes from Noah Kaye of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Hey, thanks. Marc, I just want to follow up on Julian's question around the margin impacts. So is it possible to kind of dimension for us the assumption around the gross cost inflation or even the net cost inflation as a margin headwind?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes, I would think about it not so much as a headwind but as a dampener in our ability to continue to expand margin. If you look at the second half, our anticipation is the Americas segment was going to be able to drive further margin expansion. And as we have to pass through some of that impact of tariff, whether it's a $1 for $1 or sometimes just changing a little bit of supply chain and incurring some short-term costs as we pivot some of that supply chain to a more localized or regionalized product solution. We end up with some costs that we can recover dollar for dollar, just not apply our gross margin rate, and not making an earnings opportunity. As you know, for a lot of our businesses, we enter into relationships that last multiple decades as that piece of equipment gets serviced throughout the life cycle, and we want to be remembered as a team that manage and navigate it through the tariff situation in a manner that our customer will continue to perceive as a fair balance, but where we had to recover dollar for dollar or cost impact without trying to get margin on top.
Noah Kaye: Thank you. I appreciate that strategy. And then, Joakim, you talked at the beginning about the streamlined operating model really going through the regions. You also mentioned the data center business as a very good example of where JCI is strong. And I think back to a little under a year ago when there was basically a global organization formed around sort of excellence in go-to-market and data center. So just thinking about that as an example is there a blueprint here for creating any kind of new infrastructure within the company from a sort of product or go-to-market perspective at a global level? And where might that focus be, if so?
Joakim Weidemanis: No news. I don't have any new structures in mind in addition to what I discussed here earlier. But within that structure, there are dedicated resources on the regional side for major verticals and data center is a major vertical. And on the product and solutions side, there are, of course, R&D engineers, teams dedicated to data centers. And some of our factories happen to have manufacturing lines dedicated to data centers. So within that structure, of course, there will be for the verticals or customer groups where it's warranted, there will be teams that are a little bit more dedicated. And so what I would anticipate, though, is that in addition to data centers over time and we'll see what my strategy work leads to exactly here. But I would expect that in addition to data centers that we might have a few more vertically oriented teams within our regions and global products and solutions. And it obviously focused on verticals where we believe that there are larger and more imminent growth opportunities. So I think the structure overall is set and then how you activate it for particular growth opportunities within the structure, we might choose to focus on resources, just like we've done for data centers and we'll continue to do so. By the way, I mean, that's our structure here. I don't want to downplay what we've announced, but it's sort of a very logical structure, and it's one that, of course, has tried and proven and that I've seen and worked with in other companies, right? And so what I just talked about there is based on my personal experience in other industries where you had multi-vertical plays, but you needed to have global geographical coverage. You needed to have R&D teams that are focused on technologies, platforms, but when it comes to applying them in specific vertically oriented products, you need to organize a little differently inside these teams. So it's a well-tried and proven approach that I'm very familiar with the way we're -- what I talked about here.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Snyder of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I wanted to follow up on some of the data center commentary. Obviously, a market that you guys have been in for a long time, but just given the, I guess, more rapid growth than history, it does feel like there are maybe new entrants or new competitors more focused on the market. Has there been any change in the competitive environment in data center versus two or three years ago? And what could that mean for JCI? Thank you.
Joakim Weidemanis: So here I'm going to have to defer to Marc because I'm eight weeks in, so I've done a lot of studying of who is in it now. But Marc?
Chris Snyder: Fair enough.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. And the way you need to think about the data center market is, yes, of course, it's a very attractive market. Commercially, it's the fastest-growing market, and so a lot of adjacent industries have started to look at cooling as an opportunity for them to expand. I think that's where the 140-year experience in creating differentiated solutions for customers and our technological advantage plays a critical role. So, yes, you've seen new entrants over the last two years, three years coming in with products that are very attractive, but don't create the technological advantage that we have been able to get to. We have a particular YORK product that has a very wide operating range and that provides to our customers a global single platform where they can expand and standardize their infrastructure and that ability to continuously engineer, iterate, and improve on the leading product, I think, provides a real differentiated value for customers.
Chris Snyder: Thank you.
Joakim Weidemanis: Yes. And I think maybe if I could add to that. I mean I was at our global R&D center for high-performance HVAC chillers here on Friday, digging deep into our technology capabilities. And I mean, at the end of the day, with new entrants and new evolutions of how you configure a data center and so on, there will be more opportunities for us. But at the end of the day, you need to get heat out of that server room. And at the end of the day, our chiller is kind of like the aircraft engine. You need the highest-performing aircraft engine that doesn't take power away because you want power for the -- to drive the chips, right? And to design and manufacture a high-performance chiller, think aircraft engine, at the levels that we're performing. That is not something you learn in 10 years or 20 years. This is built on unique know-how that we've developed over decades. And it's not just the know-how, it's also how our products are configured. And I don't want to go into all the details of that right now. But obviously having this know-how, there are parts of the chiller, our technology-based differentiation is built on that we don't buy off-the-shelf parts like new entrants or other people might do. So we've designed modules that are application-specific and thereby we're able to just eke out more performance out of our high-performance chillers than many other people can. So from a chiller point of view, there's going to continue to be a great need for high-performance chillers and this plays to our strengths. And everybody is continuing to evolve, of course, but I do think we really are very well positioned here.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I appreciate that. And then maybe just following up and I'd be interested to hear your views on installation. There's always a lot of questions and focus on JCI's installation business.
Joakim Weidemanis: Yes.
Chris Snyder: And then any color on just the ability to make sure that installation is ultimately kind of being the engine that's driving the aftermarket side of the house? Thank you.
Joakim Weidemanis: Sure. I think that's one of those questions that's not black and white, right? So part of my strategy work that I'm doing right now is that exact topic. And I'll give you an example of how we approach that. I mean, it's very pragmatic. We're taking a look at hundreds of projects where we did different degrees of installation, because we don't always do 100% of all the installation for our products, right? And then we're looking at the financial performance of that. We're looking at the -- how competitive we were with or without installation. We can see that from our pipeline data. And then we're looking at the actual in the real world linkage to service contract attachment and to answer some of the questions that you're raising here. And I think that's work -- it's time to do that. And I would expect that the conclusion is going to be not black and white either. I think the conclusion most likely is going to be that under these and these circumstances for these and these types of customers, for these and these types of products, installation with this and this scope makes sense for us competitively, financially, and from a service attached point of view. And very likely, we'll conclude that in some other instances, it does not make sense. But I think we're just trying to develop greater clarity on how to win, how to execute, and not just with the systems upfront, but, of course, over the life cycle. And I'll come back at a later point in time and share more details about that. It's hardly a unique situation by the way. I've seen this kind of situation in other businesses in my career. So I'm actually excited about. This is one simplification. When I was talking about simplification and complexities, this is one area that we're digging into under that top headline.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Obin of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Andrew Obin: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Hey, Andrew.
Joakim Weidemanis: Good morning.
Andrew Obin: Good morning. Welcome.
Joakim Weidemanis: Thank you.
Andrew Obin: Thank you. Just a question on applied. You definitely called out strength in data centers. What are the other verticals driving applied growth, and are there any verticals sort of creating headwinds that you're worried about?
Joakim Weidemanis: So broadly, I mean, most of our verticals are actually performing pretty well. I mean, I also read perhaps some of the same industry reports that some of you read, Dodge, ABI and so on. So a few weeks ago, I started to not just look into how we're performing by verticals, which is sort of a rearview mirror, the orders and the sales, but also looked at leading indicators to try and understand what might be coming our way. And so really the conclusion is that fairly broad -- fairly broad-based, good growth, and in terms of the leading indicators at this point in time, we don't see any slowdown in some of the areas that you might think there would be slowdowns based on Dodge and ABI. Now, of course, we're exiting like commercial, and so with the divestment coming up here, so obviously, I'm not commenting on that when I make these comments here so.
Operator: The next question comes from Nicole DeBlase of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks. Good morning, guys, and welcome to the call, Joakim.
Joakim Weidemanis: Hi. Thanks, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: I guess maybe just starting with a question on price versus volume, presumably with tariffs coming into the fray in the back half, you guys have probably raised your expectation for pricing, I'm guessing. Did you embed any sort of contingency with respect to volume just because of all the macro uncertainty or are you taking the view, hey, we have a really robust backlog, as you mentioned, the leading indicators look good? And so there's no expectation of significant volume decel in the back half.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Now if you look at, first of all, how we think about price versus products, particularly in our Building Solutions business, the scope of that business, each job vary year-on-year. And so it's not so much about the number of units you sell, and the volume price dynamics become a bit complicated. It's more about the value you're providing to the customer. And if we are pricing appropriately then you see the margin continuously benefit from that. In terms of what we see from a macro level, the level of macro uncertainty remains pretty high after all of the tariff impact. And while we are mostly a long-cycle business, whether it's on our systems or our service businesses, we still have, call it, 25% or so of the company that's shorter cycle in nature. And we have built in some perspective on what could potentially happen to some of our end markets and verticals, as some of that uncertainty is built into our guide.
Operator: The next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Good morning, Andy.
Joakim Weidemanis: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz: I apologize if this has already been asked. I came on late. But I just want to focus on service for a second. I know it's been a big priority for JCI over time. Joakim, as you come and look at the business, where do you think attachment rates could go over time? And what does JCI have to do to sort of continue to improve attachment?
Joakim Weidemanis: Yes. So first of all, as you know, we have very healthy service growth and we have had that over some time. And you may have heard that I also think that our 40,000 people in the field is really an enviable position to have. That's something that's been built over decades, right? And as some of you asked in terms of margin improvement and so on, when I answer that what -- what could we do in the field, I think, there it's more about leverage. How do we build more capacity with lean approaches, process improvement, digital approaches, and so on so that we can get even more out of our field colleagues, not just capacity, but response time as well, which is an important element when you're in a service business, right? Its menu and time to respond is what defines your competitive advantage, right? So I think if I look at some of the attachment rates that we have in some of our businesses today, I see very interesting opportunities for improvement. And I don't want to go into exact numbers right now and maybe I can come back to that at another point in time, but I don't see why we couldn't move the attachment rates to something much higher than where we're at today over time. So as excited as I am about applying lean overall, just a reminder for everyone, I'm not talking about factories yet only, right? Of course, I'm including that. But I'm thinking about applying lean in our service businesses as well as all of our back offices and in the corporate overhead as well over time here. But I hate service. I think it is a tremendous opportunity for us.
Operator: The next question comes from Deane Dray of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and I'll add my welcome to you, Joakim.
Joakim Weidemanis: Hey, Deane. How are you?
Deane Dray: Hey, I'm doing really well. You almost have your first conference call under your belt. So congrats.
Joakim Weidemanis: Thanks, Deane.
Deane Dray: Hey, in the interest of time, I'll keep it to one question. And the surprise for us in the release today, it's a pleasant surprise that your guidance is a single point of 360, and you still have the back half of the year to go, that's pretty precise. And this is a quarter where a number of industries are actually pulling guidance, and you're doing kind of the opposite, which speaks to a question about your degree of confidence in the earnings visibility and the backlog strength and so forth. But how does that all come together and what's your thoughts on earnings visibility?
Joakim Weidemanis: Yes. Well, first of all, maybe I should just say I think of everything I read, you should not increase guidance when you're the new CEO. But then, as Marc discussed here and as I said in my commentary, we do have very good visibility. Some of our parts of our business is long cycle, right? And then the recurring part of our business is a significant part as well. So if you do the math, we're in a good position here. And I've gone through this math with my partner, Marc, here multiple times going back to my first comment.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: In great details.
Joakim Weidemanis: And so it's really based on how we're positioned with the backlog, the long cycle, and the recurring, and the actions that we've already started to implement on the tariff countermeasures, as I mentioned here. So that's kind of the background.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Joakim Weidemanis for any closing remarks.
Joakim Weidemanis: Great. Thank you for that. And before I start with the closing remarks, it was great to reconnect with several of you over the last couple of weeks and on this call. I believe the partnership, the interaction, the questions you ask helped make us better and think about things in a better way. So thank you for that. But to quickly recap, we're pleased with our strong second quarter results. Our record backlog and strength in orders show broad-based demand for our differentiated solutions. And we have continued momentum underway. And now, with a more focused portfolio and simpler organizational model and, over time, stronger customer orientation and lean-enabled execution, we're well positioned to accelerate value for all of our customers and shareholders. And I want to really thank our dedicated team around the world and to all of you for joining today's earnings call. I look forward to continuing the discussion over the next quarters. And with that, operator, that concludes our call.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q1  (2025-02-05 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Johnson Controls' First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Jim Lucas, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jim Lucas: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls' fiscal first quarter 2025 results. The press release and related tables that were issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations' portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. Joining me on the call today are Johnson Controls' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver; and Chief Financial Officer, Marc Vandiepenbeeck. Before we begin, let me remind you that during our presentation today, we will make forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks of risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings for a detailed discussion these and uncertainties in addition to the inherent limitations of such forward-looking statements. We will also reference certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are contained in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix of this presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations' section of Johnson Controls' website. I will now turn the call over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Jim, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I'd like to start by taking a moment to thank all Johnson Controls' employees for their hard work and tremendous contributions in helping us achieve an excellent start to the year with our strong quarterly results. Before we get into the details of our results, I want to briefly address the CEO transition we announced today. As you've likely seen, the Board and I have selected Joakim Weidemanis to succeed me as CEO of Johnson Controls in March. I will remain on the Board through August 1st to support a seamless transition and will remain an adviser to the company until I officially retire at the end of December. It has been the honor of my career to lead Johnson Controls for eight years working alongside an incredible team and to have been a part of the JCI-Tyco merger before that. We have accomplished a tremendous amount during that time and I could not be more pleased with the company we have built. Together, we have successfully simplified our portfolio and positioned our company as a leading pure-play building solutions provider. We are driving results based on our unique value proposition with an ability to serve our customers over the life cycle of the building. The company's future lies in building on the momentum we have underway. Our company has an incredibly strong bench, including our talented CFO, Marc. This transition came together after a rigorous and thoughtful succession planning process and I am confident that as you get to know Joakim, you will agree that the company is in very capable hands, and he is the right leader for Johnson Controls. Joakim comes from Danaher, where he worked for 13 years. He is a highly accomplished executive with extensive experience scaling global companies with a foundation of customer orientation, innovation, and efficiency. His track record of leading service-oriented businesses and leveraging technology to deliver best-in-class financial performance is uniquely suited for where Johnson Controls is in its value creation journey. I will remain fully engaged until Joakim steps into the CEO role, and then I will work with him and the rest of the management team as we seamlessly transition leadership and set Johnson Controls for continued success. With that, I will turn to a more in-depth discussion of our first quarter performance. Let's begin with Slide 4. Johnson Controls is starting 2025 with great momentum and a clear focus as validated by our first quarter results. Importantly, each of our businesses contributed to robust revenue growth and significant margin expansion and remain positioned for ongoing shareholder value creation. These results reinforce the considerable progress we have made through our transformation efforts and demonstrate the success of our strategic initiatives, which have driven increased demand for our core systems and service offerings. We are confident that our performance provides a solid foundation as we move through the year. Order momentum remained solid with 16% growth in the quarter, driven by double-digit growth in both systems and service. The sustained demand for our tailored engineered solutions offerings has not only fueled growth but also positions us well for continued success. Our focus on driving operational excellence and fostering innovation is enabling our performance and building on our capability to deliver consistent, predictable results. Taking into account our strong performance to date, we are raising our guidance for the year. Marc will provide more details later in the call. We are confident in our ability to maintain our momentum and deliver long-term shareholder value creation. Please turn to the next slide. . Johnson Controls is experiencing consistent progress across key verticals, demonstrating the breadth of our expertise and stability of our business model. Our global presence across multiple domains with a simplified operating model enables us to assist and grow our customer relationships over the course of the entire building life cycle, while also delivering safe, healthy and sustainable solutions. By focusing on the entire life cycle, we create great customer intimacy while achieving a high level of customer retention, a key metric and differentiator. Our services business, supported by long contractual engagements empowers us to optimize performance at every phase across all building systems, driving increased value for our customers. This is largely achieved through our global branch network in its more than 20,000 qualified technicians, but also through the continuous advancements in innovation and strategic use of AI. We leverage remote monitoring by employing AI to drive utilization and efficiency. For instance, proactive repair recommendations are contributing to a larger share of our overall services growth. Additionally, customer surveys indicate that Johnson Controls technicians are regarded as trusted advisers, which is due in large part to our local market strategy. Our product-agnostic central operations infrastructure supports our technicians with monitoring, call intake, dispatch and technical support to ensure a seamless and efficient process. This provides best-in-class turnaround time and improved system uptime. We continue to build momentum as a leading solutions provider to data centers, which is one of our fastest-growing verticals and remains an attractive opportunity. I am pleased to report that Johnson Controls was recently named the number one implementer among data center thermal management providers. It was recognized as a top innovator. We are one of only two players to be named an overall leader in the field, and are proud to be a key partner in supporting the infrastructure of the digital economy. We are capitalizing on the significant transformation underway to support safer and more efficient manufacturing reshoring initiatives in Industry 4.0. This is illustrated by how we are driving mission-critical solutions in the healthcare vertical. Hospitals and healthcare facilities face growing challenges, including aging infrastructure and the need to meet ambitious sustainability targets. Our comprehensive portfolio, including advanced HVAC systems, fire protection and our OpenBlue platform helps healthcare providers enhance air quality, improved infection control and reduce energy cost, while meeting regulatory requirements. OpenBlue is another area where we have expanded upon our generative AI capabilities. Our software can now easily explain building equipment faults and trends using generative AI and help users with easy-to-understand investigation and resolution steps. Additionally, we can now analyze energy and carbon emissions across their real estate portfolio and evaluate compliance against any local regulations related to excess carbon emissions helping customers better plan and prioritize capital improvement projects and facility improvement measures. Pharmaceutical manufacturing is also a dynamic area where demand for advanced production environments including clean rooms has surged to support the production of innovative therapies and medications. These facilities require precise temperature, humidity and air quality management. Our leading solutions ensure that they can operate efficiently, safely and sustainably. Across the broader manufacturing sector, our ability to integrate smart, energy efficient and resilient technologies helps manufacturers optimize their operations and achieve their long-term goals. Our performance in these verticals and our use of AI demonstrate our ability to address the unique needs of mission-critical environments across a range industries. By leveraging our advanced technology, digital innovation and focus on sustainability, we continue to deliver measurable value for our customers and position ourselves as a leader in driving long-term growth. In summary, our strong start to fiscal 2025 reflects the success of our strategy to simplify our portfolio and position Johnson Controls as a leading pure-play building solutions provider. The significant progress in our transformation is enabling us to achieve more consistent and predictable performance as we continue to deliver value for our stakeholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Marc.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Thanks, George. Before I review our results, I would like to thank you for your leadership of Johnson Controls. I have deeply appreciated your partnership over the years and want to wish you all the best in your well-deserved retirement. I look forward to working with you and Joakim over the coming months to ensure a seamless transition. Please turn to Slide 6. Our long-cycle backlog and unwavering commitment to operational excellence enables us to produce strong first quarter results and deliver enhanced shareholder value. Organic revenue grew 10% and segment margin expanded a robust 200 basis points to 15%, led by substantial improvement in both EMEA/LA and Global Products. Adjusted EPS of $0.64 was up nearly 40% year-over-year and exceeded the high end of our guidance range by $0.04. We are pleased with our strong start to the year that reinforce our operational strength and effective strategy. On the balance sheet, we ended the first quarter with $1.2 billion in available cash and net debt decreased to 2.3 times, which is within our long-term target range of 2 times to 2.5 times. Our adjusted free cash flow of approximately $600 million improved nearly $800 million year-over-year. This trend demonstrates the significant improvements in our working capital fundamentals, leading to increased efficiency reduce cost and enhance customer satisfaction. Let's now discuss our segment results in more details on slide 7 through 9. Beginning on slide 7, Global Products had a strong start to the year. Organic sales grew 15% as price remained positive, and we delivered 11 points of volume growth. Applied HVAC grew more than 30%, with strong double-digit growth in North America and EMEALA. Adjusted segment EBITDA margin expanded an impressive 740 basis points to 30.1% as our enhanced operational efficiencies are producing substantial margin improvements. Turning to slide 8 and 9 to discuss our Building Solutions performance. Building Solutions delivered a strong quarter with consistent performance across all regions. Orders grew 16% in the quarter with strong double-digit growth in both systems and service. Orders in North America increased 18% in the quarter led by over 20% growth in systems as we continue to see strong demand for data centers, health care, broader industrial and manufacturing. Additionally, we experienced an uptick in order during the quarter as our customers proactively adapt to the changing global landscape, including anticipated tariffs. Service grew 10% with broad-based strength across the portfolio. In EMEALA, orders were up 6% with 9% growth in service and 4% growth in system. In Asia Pacific, progress continued as our year-long effort to rebuild the pipeline led to positive outcomes. Overall, orders grew 32%, led by 40% growth in systems, while service grew in the low teens. Organic sales increased 8%, led by 10% growth in service and 8% growth in systems. Sales in North America was up 10% organically with continued strength across HVAC and controls. In EMEALA, organic sales grew 6% with solid growth in controls, fire, security and industrial refrigeration. In Asia Pacific, sales grew 5% organically, led by strong double-digit growth in our resilient service business. The Building Solutions segments have experienced notable margin improvements through strategically building backlog with higher-margin system jobs with a long service sale. Our margin story remained consistent this quarter, mirroring the positive trends observed in previous quarters. By region, EMEALA adjusted segment EBITDA margin expanded 240 basis points to 10.1%, driven by improved productivity and the positive mix from growth in service. In North America, adjusted margin expanded 60 basis points to 12.1%, reflecting the execution of a higher margin backlog. In APAC, adjusted margin expanded 20 basis points to 9.3%, driven by positive mix from our service business. Building Solutions backlog remains at record levels, growing 11% to $13.2 billion. Service backlog grew 8% and system backlog grew 12% year-over-year. Our record backlog provides visibility into future revenue, enabling us to drive consistent and predictable financial results. This strong foundation allows us to strategically plan and meet the sustained demand for our solutions, ensuring continued growth. Let's discuss our fiscal second quarter and full year guidance on slide 10. We exited the first quarter with strength and sustained momentum as we executed on our strategic initiatives and expanded our record backlog. This solid foundation offer great visibility into the remainder of fiscal 2025 and position us well for continued success and growth. For the second quarter, we anticipate organic sales growth of mid-single digits. Adjusted segment EBITDA margin expansion of 150 basis points to approximately 16.5% and adjusted EPS in the range of $0.77 to $0.79, representing 12% to 14% growth. For the full year, we continue to expect organic sales growth of mid-single digits, which remains consistent with our long-term growth algorithm. Following a strong start to the year and an improved service mix, we are pleased to raise our full year guidance for both margin and adjusted EPS. Considering the potential impact of tariffs as known today and reflected in our guide, we anticipate higher profitability and continued enhancement in our financial performance. This expectation is primarily due to our operational focus and strong beginning to the year. We now anticipate adjusted segment EBITDA margin to expand over 80 basis points and adjusted EPS in the range of $3.50 to $3.60 per share, representing 9% to 12% growth. The positive cash flow at the start of the year demonstrates our working capital fundamentals continue to improve. As a result, we now anticipate achieving a free cash flow conversion of 90% or greater for the full year. We continue to target returning 100% of our free cash flow to shareholders through dividend and share repurchase. Our strong start to the year was driven by our ongoing transformation effort, enhanced operational focus and precise execution. Streamlining processes and prioritizing key initiatives have led to early successes, setting a positive tone for the rest of the year. This solid foundation position us well for continued growth and achievement. We look forward to leveraging our strong momentum throughout fiscal year 2025. With that, operator, please open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for all the details. So congratulations on Joakim's appointments. I'm just wondering, George, as Chairman of the Board, maybe you could talk about what sort of mandates you're delivering to Joakim as he comes in with a free hand. Just wondering any sort of guardrails around his mandate?
George Oliver: Yeah. I mean, we named Joakim effective on March 12. It was through our rigorous and thoughtful succession planning process. He comes with, as we've discussed on a 13-year Danaher -- experience Danaher, extensive experience scaling global companies with a foundation of customer orientation, innovation and efficiency. I think as you look at his background, his track record of leading service-oriented businesses, leveraging technology to be able to deliver best-in-class financial performance is uniquely suited for where Johnson Controls is in its value creation journey. I think as we've talked about, with the strategy that we've developed, you can see the momentum that we've built with that strategy. I think he comes in, brings incredible operational background. And a lot of work around strategy that as we take that foundation forward, we're going to be positioned to be able to capitalize on the full growth potential of the company, couldn't be more excited to have him coming on board, working with him and ultimately going through a seamless transition.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Okay. It doesn't sound like there's any -- okay, great. And then just maybe a question for Marc. On the free cash conversion, that's sort of kind of 90% plus for the full year. Maybe just remind us, how much does that include cash restructuring payments with the ongoing program? And just maybe just touch on some of the changes you're making to the process maybe just deliver better and more consistent free cash flow?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. Hey, Nigel. So  $250 million of restructuring cash in our 90% conversion. And that's obviously a headwind against what you would expect to see at around 100%. We've talked about the other structural challenges that we've seen. As far as changes we are making and we've made, it's all about our operating system. And going back to the fundamental on what type of jobs we accept, how do we plan on billing the customer and collecting on the progress payment. It's also a lot of the work that has been done within our global products team in leveraging better volume and relying less on inventory to be able to drive that growth. You saw global products in the quarter grew about 11% unit with about the same level of inventory they had to hold in those businesses versus last year. So we are very pleased with what we're seeing from an operational standpoint and also fundamental change and that allows us to convert better from a free cash flow standpoint.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Good morning. Congrats on the appointment. And it seems like it was a nice exhaustive search. It seems like a good outcome. So just kind of calibrating the guidance here, I mean, your orders are comping up 16. Your organic this quarter was pretty strong, yet you kind of held the mid-single-digit guide. Anything you're concerned about in the next few quarters, although you did guide second quarter pretty well as well. So anything in the back half. Obviously, the comps get a bit tougher, but anything you're worried about in the back half to drive that type of slowing?
George Oliver: Yes, I wouldn't call it slowing. But yes, you're right, Steve. The second half comp has become more difficult, particularly our fourth quarter, where we had very solid growth last year in Q4 and year-on-year compare there is pretty heavy. And the math, of course, our Q4 is also higher from a total revenue standpoint, make the arithmetic of the second half growth a little tougher. I think the way you need to think about that mid-single digit is all of our businesses will grow in that mid-single-digit level. APAC may be a little bit higher than the rest. I think for us to be comfortable to start raising above that level, we need a little bit more clarity on what we think tariff is going to do overall to our markets or end markets, particularly in North America. And then seeing if APAC actually rebounds. Right now, we're seeing them kind of bottoming out and we're starting some growth, but it's not the level of growth you would expect given the couple of challenging years these markets have seen.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then just lastly on data center-related business. I assume the orders are still pretty strong. Do you expect an acceleration in -- you booked a lot of orders last year, the lead times are a bit longer. Are you still seeing accelerated growth rates from a sales perspective in data center for 2025 versus 2024?
George Oliver: Yes, yes, versus 2024, both orders and revenue is accelerating. What you saw in the first quarter that solid order, particularly North America, some of that had to do with some acceleration of those orders that people who are trying to get ahead of the change in leadership in the country here in January. And then some of it had to do with further visibility that some of our large data center customers have now on their demand for cooling over the next couple of years. But we don't see that momentum slowing down whatsoever.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Davis from Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Davis: Hey good morning, guys. And I'll echo my colleague's comments on Joakim, we know him well, and he's going to be a great fit for you guys. So congrats.
George Oliver: Thanks, Scott.
Scott Davis: I'll wait until he starts to ask the questions about his mandates and stuff. But I do want to ask a little bit about your order book and -- has it changed over time, meaning are the orders a little bit longer duration now than they used to be? Are people trying to get in the queue just given how large so many of these projects are, obviously, data center but not just data center, the projects overall. It's going to be meaningfully larger than perhaps what we've seen at least in recent history. Do you see a change in that order book, the duration, the lead times, that type of thing?
George Oliver: We do see a little bit of a shift toward longer cycle businesses, and that comes not just market back, but also how we address the opportunity we see in the market. And we see the pipeline of opportunity continue to grow. And as we focus our commercial organization towards the most attractive parts of the market where we can actually sell value in margin, but also attach a long service sale to the opportunities we look at. Naturally, that means we build a little bit stronger customer intimacy. With that comes order that are probably a little bit earlier than we saw historically where we were a little bit more transactional and reactive to the market and therefore, we take order later in the cycle. So yeah, naturally, our holders have a have a tendency now to little bit longer tail than they did. And then the core verticals that are growing, data center, health care and manufacturing, more, I would say, complex and elaborate customer that do multiyear planning. That includes pushing orders ability to revenue a little further down the timeline.
Scott Davis: Okay. That's helpful. And this is not a criticism, just one would love to have some color though on incremental margins. When I just think about the service mix this quarter and then the price in that backlog, I would have guessed maybe incrementals to be a little bit higher than 30%. But I know there's lots of -- there's always puts and takes to that. Maybe if we can just get a little color on that and then I'll pass it on. Thank you.
George Oliver: No, absolutely. There's two real aspect, I would say, conservatism still. The first one comes from foreign exchange. We have about a nickel of pressure coming from just purely the dollar strengthening. It's not big, but from a margin rate standpoint, it puts a little bit of pressure. And the second thing I'd tell you is we really need to have a little bit more clarity around tariff and what it will do and how we will be able to pass on that price to the customer? And can we drive also margin on that price ultimately? And as you know, the tariff landscape is very fluid and changing rapidly. And so our ability to risk clarity predict what it will do to our margin expansion is a little bit muted in the second half.
Operator: The next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning. Maybe just wanted to follow up, if you could give any more detail on the tariff perspective in terms of share of costs or production from some of the affected areas and how we'd think about the speed with which you'd offset those effects with higher prices and then anything more fundamental post that? Thank you.
George Oliver: Yes. It's hard to tell you with precision exactly how it's going to be affecting. I'll tell you two or three things. The first one is, we have evolved our manufacturing strategy to manufacture in the region for the region, and that has helped us protecting some part of what's been announced. As I mentioned earlier, that landscape around tariff is very uncertain right now, and every day almost, is changing. But we do have manufacturing capabilities in North America that are not just based in the Continental U.S., some of it in New Mexico, some of it is in Canada. And so depending on how those tariffs will be enacted, will have a particular impact. I'll tell you, we have successfully dealt in the past with tariff, either by passing it on to the customer, sometimes with margins, sometimes just one for one. And we've also been able to pass on some of the pressure we see through the supply chain, either directly on price concessions from our suppliers, or naturally, you'll have the effect of currencies on some of the tariffs that will offset some of that pressure. We are working very diligently on our supply chain levers to drive better resilience in that supply chain and allow us to continue to drive that regionalization. We're working a little bit our supply chain network to kind of minimize ultimately the effect of tariffs should that be enacted.
Julian Mitchell: That's great. Thank you. And then just my follow-up would be around the corporate cost. Just really spirit of the question trying to understand the sort of pace of stranded cost reduction and the exit rate into 2026 for that line? Because I think your guide this year implies it's sort of $260-ish million the corporate cost in the first half, and then a decent step down in the second half from that number. So is the sort of exit rate from this year a good steady state with kind of stranded costs leaned out when we're thinking about the medium term? Thank you.
George Oliver: No, for sure. So part of that stranded cost is obviously sitting at corporate and the timing of moving some of that cost that you would have maybe historically seen in the segments that we've divested is now kind of sitting at corporate. And as we look at the restructuring and the benefit of that restructuring, as you mentioned. You're going to see a lot of that coming out of the corporate expense in the second half, but particularly into 2026 as we are going to be able to fully enact a lot of the activities from a transformation and restructuring, allowing us to really drive a lot of leverage on our corporate cost and taking it down quite materially, looking beyond this current fiscal year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Mehrotra from UBS. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks. Thanks a lot. Good morning, everybody. George, as you -- I just wanted to come back to the CEO question, maybe one more time. There's obviously been a lot of progress on the strategic side. So I assume we shouldn't expect much change in terms of where the portfolio of businesses is today, maybe an acceleration of the product, productivity margin opportunities. So maybe you can just talk about what you guys found Joakim would be bringing to the table that you and the Board found particularly attractive for the company?
George Oliver: Yeah. The journey we've been on and with the strategy, we've really set Johnson Controls up to be the leader building -- building -- commercial solutions they're really built on at the core of it is technology in our products. It's our digital platform that we deploy and then it's ultimately the services that we gain with the connectivity and the use of data. And so as we've looked at the portfolio, we are -- we'll complete the residential and light commercial divestiture by the end of the year. That's a big step towards being more of a pure play. There's roughly about 10% of the remaining portfolio that might not be core to the commercial building solutions. And so we'll continue to update you as we address those on an ongoing basis. But we feel really good about how we're positioned in the market, the differentiation that we bring to our customers and in the operating model that we're operating with that now is delivering very predictable results right from how we're working with customers, how we're building pipeline, how we're converting pipeline and ultimately, how we're attaching services. And so as I said earlier, with the Joakim's experience coming in and his operational experience as well as strategic experience. Certainly, as we look at the portfolio and the ability to be able to create growth, we see significant opportunity. And so a lot of the focus will be now capitalizing on that opportunity with the strong operating system that we've built, really understanding secular trends that are underway in the commercial building segment, and we believe that we're going to be uniquely positioned now to capitalize on more than our fair share.
Amit Mehrotra: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you. And just related to that, maybe one follow-up for Marc. With respect to the margin outlook, can you just talk about maybe the cadence of margins from here as we progress through fiscal 2025? And then as you think about benchmark the business and look at where the productivity opportunities are, maybe more longer-term question, where do you think the biggest margin opportunity exists today for the business?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. Looking first at how we look at the second quarter, you'll see margin improvement, obviously, across the board, but the biggest opportunity will come from EMEA/LA and global product as well as, as we see that lift in volume Asia Pacific, you'll see margin returning more closer to historical levels. So for second quarter, and probably the same applies consistently for the second half for the same segments. That's where we see the opportunity for margin lift. North America will see improvement, but not -- not at the same level as to other three businesses that see a lot of opportunity. Longer term, if you think about the opportunity set here is really two-fold. The first one is we've set in place an operating model that works really well and is starting to deliver performance, but the continued simplification and the restructuring effort we are doing around where we manufacture, how we manufacture, the amount of product we have in our line card and how we deploy our commercial resource around the market against that great franchise of product we've established. And we continue to establish customer intimacy in all the market to drive better growth, I think that's where you're going to continue to see improvement in our margin because that will provide the right level of growth to support better lift in our base cost. We kind of fix the foundation of our cost and it's all about leverage here, and it's really that focus around customer back, trying to continue to drive more than our fair share from a market growth standpoint.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Snyder from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. Maybe I wanted to ask about two kind of longer term questions here. The first is on the growth profile. The company is talking to kind of mid-single-digit growth this year. Obviously, some tough comps here in the back half, so maybe stepping down to exit the year, but when you think longer term, how much runway do you think there is for the company to kind of maintain this mid-single-digit organic growth? Obviously, backlog is still incredibly high, orders don't seem to be slowing down much. So, any views on just the duration behind this? Thank you.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. So, if you look at the long-term, I get around that mid-single-digit, it's supported first by our continued service growth. That service business is probably going to run mid-single to high single-digits, really coming from two fundamental change in the operating model. First, every time we think about a new system, we try to get as much as we can from a service entitlement associated to that. That means focusing on the right vertical, but also continuously increasing our customer intimacy. The second thing I'd tell you is we have -- we have created a base of products and capabilities that are well suited for the sub-segments of the market that are fundamentally growing at a higher pace than what you would see in the expectation of GDP or market growth. And I'm thinking here about obviously, data center, we keep on talking about, but it's also generally our manufacturing capabilities as well as -- or healthcare businesses. Those three segments continue to outpace the market. That comment is actually applicable to the vast majority of our geographies. And I think it will continue to evolve that way. So, continue to drive product capabilities that serve that market well and where we can continuously generate value will help support that mid-single-digit and hopefully more than that over the long-term algorithm.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I appreciate that. And then I want to follow up on some of the earlier commentary about the company realizing better margin backlog kind of starting to flow through into the P&L. So, I guess -- is that -- will that continue? I imagine prices kind of steadily pushed higher here over the last couple of years. So, is the expectation -- or is the margin in the backlog kind of continually getting better? And then the second piece of that, you guys obviously have a very big backlog, there's long duration behind it. Is there a price protectionism in the event that we get more tariffs coming through here? Are you guys able to offset that with price on what's already in the backlog? Thank you.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Great question. So, the margins in the backlog continue to improve simply because we continue to be able to sell value to customer. There's obviously going to be an inflection point at some time in the future. But we're far from that inflection point the way we see it. As far as tariffs, a large part of our backlog has contractual abilities for us to pass on that price. Some of those contracts allows us to pass the price and probably maintain margin. Some of those, it's more of a one-to-one and therefore, we can recuperate the headwind associated with the tariff, but maybe not the margin on top. And then there's a portion of our backlog that is with larger holder, largest customer that have, I would say, a little bit more leverage, and we will have to negotiate with those customers how we are going to deal with the potential tariff that could be applicable for those products. I'll tell you that for the vast majority of those customers where maybe not word for word, we have full protection. We have created products that are critical to their success, and we have real great partnership with them. So I feel very comfortable that we'll find a way to make it economical for both side and create a successful relationship with those customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe O'Dea from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Hi, Joe. Is your line on mute? Our next question is from Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: Hey, guys. Good morning and nice start to the year. Let me just kind of focus, I guess, my questions on margins. So if I recall last quarter, when we were talking about Global Products, there was an expectation, I think, that the margins were going to be kind of closer towards like the low to mid-20s. They came in a lot better. And so my first question is what really surprised to the upside this quarter on Global Products margins?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: I wouldn't say surprised, right? We always put some conservatism to our guidance to try and make sure we don't surprise to the negative too much. There's two elements that really drove the outsized margin of Global Products in the first quarter. It's first tenability from a third-party revenue standpoint to drive a nice unit growth. That 11% unit growth was a little higher than what our original low to mid-20s first half was contemplating. That team has done an excellent job driving that book and bill business, that short-cycle business at a very high level. Some of it came from very transparently from some orders accelerating as some people were positioning inventory prior to the new administration taking control in January, but some of it is really fundamentally better blocking and tackling from a commercial standpoint. The other part is that as the data center vertical growth continues to accelerate, that business saw the benefit both internal margin and external margin as we saw a lot of growth in our product sales through our field-based business or building solutions business in the other segment. And as you know, a little bit of volume in that business goes a long way, and we saw across the board, better volume, better units, particularly on our equipment and our HVAC business that helped really absorb those factory, get great productivity and really see a nice margin lift.
Joe Ritchie: That's super helpful, Marc. I guess, maybe just a quick follow-up to that. So was there a way to maybe quantify that kind of tariff floating comment for the first quarter? And then as you think about the second half of the year, it looks like you're embedding about flattish margins. Is that just some conservatism because you're not really sure how the tariffs are going to play out?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: I'll answer the later with one word, yes. The uncertainty on tariffs as forced us to say, to put some conservative on how we look at the second half and what it's going to do to margin rate. As far as what that did to the first quarter, I'll point you more in orders than revenue. If you look at that really strong first quarter of order of about 16%, I would say about one-third of that was orders that we would have normally probably saw in the second quarter where customers were just accelerating the orders because they wanted to get the uncertainty associated with not just tariff, but overall, the macroeconomic or political landscape, and they wanted to get ahead of it. So there's a little bit of volatility in our orders, as you know, if you look at orders quarter-over-quarter, and so I think this will solidify the year as we start really strongly, but we probably had some benefit in Q1 of orders that we would have normally seen in Q2, and that will probably be reflected in our orders in the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Thank you. Just looking at the organic sales growth by mix of offerings, applied really leading the group here. When we think about the mid-single digit organic growth for the year, Marc, can you kind of give us some goalposts for how you think about that among the different offerings? I would assume applied -- we continue to be a leader here. But any color you can provide would be helpful.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: We do see continued growth in applied and also in this industrial refrigeration. Both those businesses with the heat pump conversion in Europe as well as the data center globally and manufacturing is a great tailwind for our HVAC applied business. Or more transactional business or more electronics business, I'm thinking about our controls business as well as Fire and Security has a challenging second half of the year, to be honest with you. The indicator still from a construction standpoint are not super, super strong, they're flattish, and that dampens a little bit our ability to grow from that market vertical. We've also been very diligent in driving the commercial team within those businesses to really focus on the subparts of the market that drive service. And so we think that while those particular product lines may be a little bit challenged in the second half of the year from a growth standpoint, not being able to read double digits, they will at least provide a great base for our ability to grow service in the long-term.
Noah Kaye: Very helpful. Thanks, Marc. And then you mentioned earlier, the real focus on service entitlements for new business. Maybe just refresh us on where that entitlement, the attachment rate related to today and where you see it going over the next year or two?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Our attachment rate right now is depending on the business line between the low 40s to the high 40s, the best businesses are higher than that, obviously, in the 60s and 70s. And where we think ultimately our entitlement is, is while I don't want to box myself to an exact number, I always point to industries that have demonstrated an ability to drive a very, very high attach rate. I'm thinking about oil and gas industry, for example, the elevator industry that is able to drive 60, 70, maybe sometimes higher than that. We feel that's where our entitlement is long-term. It means making some change to our operating model, drive more manufacturing for service and a few changes to how we address certain end market, but we think that entitlement is absolutely attainable over the mid to long-term.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Obin from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Andrew Obin: Yes. Good morning. How are you? Congratulations on successful CEO succession.
George Oliver: Andrew, thank you.
Andrew Obin: Just a question. I apologize if it was asked, in North America Building Solutions, productivity was a negative $20 million drag. As I said, I apologize if you explained it, but I think it's somewhat unusual and how should we think about it for the rest of the year?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. It's a short-term thing. So as we continue to see growth opportunity in North America, we've invested in incremental resources to drive against that growth. Whether it's our commercial team and continue to hire more sellers and more sales support as well as the ability to drive incremental service and technician to be able to support that growth. And as you go through a large hiring docket like that, one ends up happening in the very short-term, you have a little bit of productivity as you onboard those people and make them the best possible self and drive productivity for the rest of the enterprise. So I wouldn't take that small $20 million headwind in the quarter as the new normal for that business. It's really more of an uptick as we -- has really made investments to continue to fuel that growth.
Andrew Obin: Got you. Thank you. And on Fire & Security, mid-single digit, nice growth. A, could you just talk about sort of what's driving acceleration mid to high single digits, Global Products mid single digits? And how sustainable these trends are into the second half?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. The accelerated growth in EMEA/LA is really around what we've been talking about for the last year almost is we repivoted completely that commercial organization and have taken a little bit more control over which part of the backlog they look at and just basic commercial intensity. We're going to continue to drive that team, and we believe that the mid to high single-digit on Fire & Security in that business is going to continue to evolve. I'd say that the mid single-digit that Global Products you saw in the quarter is twofold. Very strong performance commercially, but kind of an easy compare if you look at the first quarter of last year where we were still railing out the challenges we saw associated with cyber incident, and so they had a bit of an easier compare that team, because they were very impacted by incident.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sahil Manocha from RBC Capital. Please go ahead.
Sahil Manocha: Hi. Good morning. This is Sahil Manocha on for Deane Dray. Just one quick question for me. With net debt to EBITDA of 2.3 times and a cash position of $1.2 billion. How are you thinking about capital deployment priorities in the current environment?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Our capital priorities have not changed. So we'll return 100% of free cash flow back to shareholders this year. The proceeds of our divestiture, assuming there's nothing material from an M&A standpoint that comes between now and in the fourth quarter will be 100% returned to the shareholder via share repurchases. We will take our discontinued operations business cash flow and use that cash flow to reduce a little bit leverage and to bring it closer to the lower end of our 2% to 2.5%. But our capital allocation and the diligence we have there has the full support of the Board, and it's not going to change anytime soon.
Sahil Manocha: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephen Volkmann: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. A couple of questions, I guess, on sort of where you are relative to capacity. So applied and I guess large chiller specifically, I'm guessing things are fairly tight. Is there some color you can give us on that? And then should we be expecting some capacity additions at some point?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: I would regionalize that answer a little bit. In North America, we have a little bit of capacity, but we are very close to be at capacity. We see, obviously, a very strong backlog and a continued backlog. So we have great visibility there. In EMEA/LA, we are at capacity, we need to probably expand a little bit capacity to be able to follow the trend we see in data center as well as heat pump. And then in Asia Pacific, we still have quite a bit of capacity to be transparent with you because the market has bottomed out, but it hasn't rebounded yet. And so our factories in Asia have the ability to drive a whole lot more growth in the future.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. All right. Great. And then maybe also on the same thread here. I think, Marc, you just said something about adding some additional field engineers, I guess, in systems and service. But where are you on sort of utilizing these folks? Is there still upside to that? Do you really need more people in order to grow that business more?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: So, our operating model really drives very high level of productivity within a field technician. We are continuously working on tools to make them more productive. We -- George talked about it in his opening comments. AI is not just a great opportunity for us from a cooling and top line growth standpoint, it's also an incredible opportunity to make our field technician that much more productive. Either it's helping them figuring out what the problem is with a particular system or having them standing ready a little faster when it comes to the type of products or services that they need to deliver that particular day therefore, making their day more enjoyable, but also much more productive and keeping the customer kind of happy as we come in and out of those facilities quicker. We continue to invest in our field labor because it's a critical element of our service growth. Our ability to continuously drive service is critical. And as you see us growing services mid to high single digit, productivity will help us rely less on labor, but there's still going to be a labor component, and we are going to continuously be searching for the next great talent there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning, everyone.
George Oliver: Good morning, Andy.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Hi, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: So APAC order growth, as you said, was actually quite strong. I know you're still probably a bit cautious about calling the all clear there. But -- can you call a definitive turn in that market with the understanding that it's still a fluid environment given the tariff situation?
George Oliver: Yeah, Andy, as we saw early signs of the softness in the region, this goes back over the last 18 months, we proactively took steps to adapt to the lower demand. And ultimately, the increased counterparty risk. And as we rebuild the pipeline, we've now seeing a very strong rebound here with orders at 32%, in the quarter. We believe that we found the bottom and with the current run rate, which is in line with the lower market demand. And so I think based on what we've seen, we've seen real stabilization in the business, and now we're really returning to growth, not only in building the backlog, but the way that we're going to convert going forward. I think, Andy, what's most important is, the way that we continue to build services in spite of some of the pressure on the new systems. Service is continues to be strong. We'll continue to help maintain a healthy segment EBITDA margin as well as continuing -- while we're continuing to rebuild the systems business. So I think we'll see continued growth within Asia Pac, not only recovery in China, but across the overall Asia Pac region.
Andy Kaplowitz: It's helpful. And obviously, there's a lot of questions on data centers, which makes sense. But you obviously have a lot of applied verticals. And it seems like you're still getting leadership out of healthcare or education, but maybe you can opine on some of these verticals and the visibility that you have, you seeing improvement in office, for example, like what are you seeing across the verticals?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yeah, great question. So we continue to see strong double-digit on data center as well as healthcare and some other vertical. We still don't see any acceleration in what I would call core real estate, which is offices and mix buildings would fall into that, that category for us. You still have owners that are trying to figure out what they're going to do with their current asset. And you still see some hesitation in making certain investments. It's a market that's not declining, just not growing at the pace of the other. We have great solutions and products to address that particular vertical as it rebounds, but it's not where we are seeing the most growth. Infrastructure is seeing still some good tailwind from higher commitment from a construction standpoint. And then we're still some positive sign there. And then everything from a Semiconductor Manufacturing or Clean Room, Biomed Manufacturing still globally sees a great tailwind, and I don't think we are going to see us stop to that trend anytime soon.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe O'Dea from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Joe O'Dea: Hi. Sorry about that earlier. Thanks for getting me back in queue.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Okay.
Joe O'Dea: I wanted to start on just restructuring and progress over the course of the quarter, just revisit kind of how you're thinking about the cost impact in 2025, the savings impact, whether anything is trending kind of ahead or behind the plans there?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yeah. So our expectation hasn't changed from a cost or timing of it. What I'll tell you is, embedded in our guide in the second half we've seen early signs of progress of the benefits. We started addressing very early on, the stranded costs we saw as we were getting close to closing the transaction of a divestiture of the ADTI business as well as the residential and light commercial. And that gave us a little bit of a leg up on our ability to drive some of cost out earlier on. I think you're going to see some good sign in the second half of the year from a cost standpoint. The vast majority of the benefit will really be yielded in fiscal year 2026 as we close the transaction in Q4. It will give us an opportunity to really address the vast majority of that stranded cost in the fourth quarter into the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 -- 2026.
Joe O'Dea: Great. That's helpful color. And then just wanted to come back to an earlier comment about pricing going into backlog and talking about sort of selling value to the customer and just to understand your evaluation of the pricing today and the pricing opportunities. And so what goes into kind of evaluating the value you're delivering and to what degree do you think you're being appropriately compensated for that?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Well, it varies on all the different vertical we play. But what I'll tell you is our ability to drive outcome for customers allows us to not have to go into deep detail into what is the actual pricing of each component of the offering we present to them. It's a full solution, it's package. And it allows us within our organization to drive best costing and maintain margin at. Obviously, things change whether it's tariff or otherwise, and we have contractual ways to actually address that through change orders with customers as we actually go and implement those systems, the application varies out. And most of our contracts have an ability for us to address that through a process that is very defined and allows us to most of the time, recover not only our cost, but as well the margin and sometimes drive even better value for the customer and JCI.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to George Oliver for any closing remarks.
George Oliver: Yes. Thanks. To wrap up the call today, this quarter, Johnson Controls achieved record-setting backlog, double-digit organic sales growth and broad-based strength across our portfolio. Our strong start to fiscal 2025 is a testament that Johnson Controls' talented, hard-working team as well as our unwavering commitment to innovation and operational excellence. And I am confident that Joakim is well-suited to lead Johnson Controls next chapter of growth as we build on the strong momentum underway to unlock enhanced value for our stakeholders. With that, operator, that concludes our call today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-11-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Johnson Controls Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Today all participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note that todays event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jim Lucas, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jim Lucas: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls fiscal fourth quarter 2024 results. The press release and related tables that were issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. Joining me on the call today are Johnson Controls' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver and Chief Financial Officer, Marc Vandiepenbeeck. Before we begin, let me remind you that during our presentation today, we will make forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings for detailed discussion of these risks and uncertainties, in addition to the inherent limitations of such forward-looking statements. We will also reference certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are contained in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to this presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of Johnson Controls website. I will now turn the call over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I would like to start today's call by taking a moment to acknowledge and thank all of our employees for their contributions in delivering strong quarterly results. We also made significant progress in our transformation to simplify our portfolio and become a pure-play provider of comprehensive solutions for commercial buildings. Today, we are a faster-growing, more profitable, simpler company. Let's begin with slide four. We ended fiscal 2024 with momentum, delivering double-digit organic revenue growth, robust margin expansion and 96% adjusted free cash flow conversion. Order growth of 7% in the year was led by data center demand and contributed to our record backlog, which ended the year at $13.1 billion. Our differentiated solutions to enhance efficiency and sustainability in commercial buildings continue to resonate with our customers across the key verticals we serve. For example, we extended our leading position in cooling for data centers with orders for the full-year more than doubling the sales we delivered. In fact, we are now seeing key customers placing multi-year orders in the hundreds of millions of dollars to provide cooling solutions. Our pending sale of the Residential & Light Commercial to Bosch is progressing and we expect the transaction to close in the fiscal fourth quarter. Today, we are introducing our fiscal 2025 guidance from continuing operations of $3.40 to $3.50, which Marc will give more details on later in the call. We believe we are well-positioned going forward to deliver long-term shareholder value. Our business transformation is almost complete and we are benefiting from more consistent, predictable performance. Slide five presents a pro forma look at the new Johnson Controls, representing the composition of our company going forward. Today, Johnson Controls is a leader in building solutions, dedicated to solving our customers needs for energy efficiency and clean electrification. Our innovative approach and commitment to sustainability are driving us forward, ensuring we provide cutting-edge solutions that meet the evolving demands of the market. Johnson Controls unique customer value proposition directly translates to shareholder value creation. Our multi-domain presence enables us to serve our customers over the building life cycle, while also delivering safe, healthy and sustainable solutions. This means we can meet the needs of our customers all over the world and deliver cost savings and efficiencies for them. We are confident we are well-positioned with the integrated domain expertise in an extensive branch network to deliver greater value to our customers. In turn, we believe this will lead to sustained top line growth and significant margin expansion. As part of our path towards simplification, we have now deployed one end-to-end operating model that we leverage globally across all of our key verticals. This is positioning us with a unique capability in serving buildings and leveraging our digital expertise to expand our connected services model. We are improving productivity on behalf of our customers, helping them maximize outcomes for their buildings. Whether it is the fast-growing data centers, expansion of campus housing and labs in higher education or solving needs across healthcare from hospitals to outpatient facilities, we deliver engineered solutions across all of our key verticals. This enables us to realize the benefits of this model over the life cycle of our solutions, ensuring sustained value creation. Johnson Controls is better positioned than ever before to help customers create safer, more sustainable buildings, while also maximizing the occupant experience. Our strong finish to fiscal 2024, coupled with our record backlog, reinforces our confidence that Johnson Controls will continue to lead globally in building solutions. With that, I'll turn it over to Marc.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide six. Our performance in the fourth quarter highlights continued strong execution across our portfolio. Our single end-to-end operating model provides the visibility needed to drive consistent and predictable results. This was evident in our performance in the quarter as organic revenue grew 10% and segment margin expanded a robust 260 basis points to 18.6%, led by substantial improvement in both EMEALA and Global Products. We delivered another strong quarter of increased productivity, while converting our higher-margin backlog. Adjusted EPS of $1.28 was up 22% year-over-year and exceeded the high-end of our guidance range by $0.02. Our operational efficiency contributed to the majority of the growth and more than offset additional corporate expenditure, primarily related to IT investments. The strategic allocation of resource ensured we are well-equipped to support our growth and safeguard our infrastructure. Below the line, net finance charges were higher, while EPS benefited from a lower share count. Overall, we achieved significant EPS growth and we are pleased with these results. On the balance sheet, we ended the fourth quarter with approximately $600 million in available cash and net debt decreased to 2 times, which is the lower end of our long-term target of 2 times to 2.5 times. Our adjusted free cash flow conversion of 96% was a strong improvement year-over-year and substantially exceeded our previous commitments. This trend is reflecting of our improved fundamental in working capital management. Adjusted free cash flow of $2.4 billion improved nearly $800 million year-over-year. For the full-year, we returned $2.2 billion to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. Let's now discuss our segment result in more details on slide seven through nine. Beginning on slide seven, our Global Product business had a strong finish to the year. Organic sales grew 8% as price remained positive and we delivered 5 points of volume growth. Low double-digit growth in HVAC, both commercial and residential, offset declines in Fire and Security and Industrial Refrigeration. Strength was broad-based across the region, led by double-digit growth in North America. Adjusted segment EBITDA margin expanded an impressive 700 basis points to 28%. We have made tremendous progress over the past year in improving our operational efficiencies, leading to substantial margin improvement experienced in the fiscal second-half. Turning to slide eight and nine to discuss our Building Solutions performance. Building Solutions delivered a solid performance this quarter, underpinned by sustained order momentum, double-digit revenue growth and margin expansion. Additionally, we increased our record backlog, which remains at historical levels and underscore the strengths of our business model. Our outcome-driven solution offering continued to resonate with our customer across many of the attractive vertical we serve, with strong growth in data center, government, healthcare and high ed. Orders grew 8% in the quarter, led by mid-teen service growth, while system order grew 5%, again, a tough double-digit comparison. Orders in North America increased 7% in the quarter with low-teen growth in service led by strength in Fire and Security. System orders grew 3% against a tough comp. In EMEALA, orders were up 14% with over 20% growth in service, while system order grew 9%. Across the portfolio, we saw strong double-digit growth in HVAC controls and industrial refrigeration. In Asia Pacific, momentum is building as orders rebounded from the past few quarters of decline. Overall, orders grew 6%, led by 9% growth in service. Our pipeline of opportunities within Building Solutions remain healthy as we continue to build on the momentum of the past several quarters. Our Building Solutions segment entered the quarter with a record backlog, which provided a solid foundation, enabling us to capitalize on high demand for solutions and services. Organic sales increased 11%, led by double-digit growth across both systems and service. Our sustained service growth sets us apart as we continue to deliver differentiated lifecycle solutions for our customers. Sales in North America were up 16% organically with continued strength across HVAC and controls. In EMEALA, organic sales grew 10% with double-digit growth in controls, security and industrial refrigeration. In Asia Pacific, while sales declined 5%, we saw sequential improvement. This improvement was driven by a stronger backlog and our resilient service business. The margin profile within our Building Solutions segment continues to strengthen due to the enhanced productivity, favorable service mix and the improved operational efficiencies while executing our higher-margin backlog. By region, EMEALA adjusted segment EBITDA margin expanded 370 basis points to 11.5%, driven by improved productivity and the positive mix from growth in service. In APAC, adjusted margin expanded 70 basis points to 14.2% as positive mix from our service business offset a decline in systems business. In North America, adjusted segment margin declined 40 basis points to 15% related to mix, as systems grew faster than service. Building Solutions backlog remained at record level, growing 7% to $13.1 billion. Service backlog grew 12% and system backlog grew 6% year-over-year. Let's discuss our first quarter and fiscal 2025 guidance and the impact of discontinued operation on slide 10 and 11. We are entering fiscal 2025 with momentum and our record backlog offers great visibility into the new year. Our service business remains well-positioned and provides a favorable mix to margins. As we look to our guidance for fiscal 2025, we will be presenting both the first quarter and the full-year on a continuing operations basis. After moving the Residential & Light Commercial business to discontinued operation, our fiscal 2024 continuing operational adjusted EPS is $3.21 per share. For the first quarter, we anticipate organic sales growth of mid-single digits, adjusted segment EBITA margin expansion of over 100 basis points to approximately 14.5% and adjusted EPS in the range of $0.57 to $0.60, representing 24% to 30% growth. While the first quarter is against an easy comparison, the overall fundamentals are strong entering the year. For the full-year, we expect organic sales growth of mid-single-digits which is consistent with our long-term growth algorithm. Adjusted segment EBITA margin are expected to expand over 50 basis points. Our adjusted EPS range of $3.40 to $3.50 per share represents 6% to 9% growth. We expect free cash flow conversion of 85% or greater, consistent with the performance of fiscal 2024 on a continuing operations basis. We continue to target returning 100% of our free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We expect the Residential & Light Commercial divestiture to close during the fiscal fourth quarter. Consequently, we have not included any capital deployment from sale proceed in our fiscal 2025 outlook. Additionally, we are committing to a multi-year restructuring plan to address stranded cost and further right-size our global operations, following our previously announced portfolio simplification actions. We anticipate incurring roughly $400 million in expenses over the next three years, resulting in expected annual cost savings of approximately $500 million. Similar to the timing of deploying capital from the closure of the residential and light commercial divestiture, many aspects of this restructuring plan will depend on the timing of the close of the transaction. We are confident this factor will drive sustained success and create long-term value to our stakeholders. While fiscal 2024 was a year of significant portfolio transformation, we are better positioned as a faster-growing, more profitable, simplified company. We look forward to updating you on our progress as we continue our strong momentum entering fiscal year '25. With that, operator, please open the lines for questions. Question-and-Answer Session
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And today's first question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please proceed. Mr. Coe, your line is open. You may ask your question.
Nigel Coe: Oh, good morning. Sorry, I had the mute button there. Thanks for the question. So the -- I think, Marc, this question for you, the mid-single digits, how do you see that across the segments? I'm assuming APAC probably is a bit above that. So just curious how you see mid-single digits across the segments and any color on the 50 bps, again, across segments? And I just want to verify. Obviously, the restatements are happening within Global Products and it looks like the clean EBITA margins in '23, '24 were 25.7% and 27.1% ex Hitachi and York. So just want to make sure those are right numbers?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes, good morning, Nigel. A lot to cover there. So first on growth, we had a very strong growth quarter and very happy with the results. But we're entering the new year with a record backlog of about $13.1 billion. And I think we continue to target that footprint of mid-single digit, granted, we have a lot of confidence given the level of backlog we have. As you know, the timing of some of the larger projects can impact quarter-over-quarter growth rate. And I think we are seeing some very strong tailwind in the core vertical. Now, if you think by segment, how that growth rate in mid-single digit is going to break down, we think APAC is going to be slightly above that overall guide for the enterprise and really on an easier compare, and as we showed in the fourth quarter, we're starting to see sequential order growth for that business. And the rest of the businesses, North America, EMEALA or Global Product, will be at or just slightly below that overall guide throughout the year. Now when it comes to margin, and I hear you both on the total margin and the continued operation basis, Global Product margin, what we covered in the last quarter when we gave guidance for Q4 is, with the base cost and how we dealt with that base cost within that business and a lot of the disruption from a supply chain standpoint being behind us, a little bit of volume was going to go a long way and you saw that in Q4. And I think that's going to remain true as we enter fiscal year '25. We've been driving significant operational efficiency that are structural and fundamental across both the manufacturing base and the supply chain. And you can see that that Global Product business has benefited and we continue to see benefit from an improved absorption, and that leverage will continue to provide easier comps year-on-year. Now that business has some seasonality to it. So the first part of the year will be a little bit softer than the second part of the year, but that margin we feel is very well set for fiscal year '25.
Nigel Coe: And just wanted to make sure I've got the [Technical Difficulty] for the Global Products margins in fiscal '23-'24. So any help there would be good. But I'm just wondering, George, maybe if you could comment on the CEO succession, what progress has been made identifying the right person to replace you when you retire.
George Oliver: Yes, good morning, Nigel. We understand there is significant interest in the ongoing CEO succession process. At this time, we don't have any new updates to share. Now you can be rest assured that the Board is actively considering an impressive list of candidates, both internal and external, and we do expect to have an update in the first-half of calendar 2025.
Operator: And today's next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Steve Tusa: Hi, good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Sorry, just wanted to better understand that in the first quarter -- I'm not quite sure if the guide you just gave was for the year or the first quarter, but I mean with orders trending up [8%] (ph) with your organic being so strong this quarter and the comp not looking particularly hard, what is the reason why first quarter is only up mid-singles in organic, specifically?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. So if you think about the timing of some of those larger orders and how the revenue, particularly the big verticals that we are benefiting from, whether it's large decarbonization projects or the data center project, we had very strong performance in the fourth quarter in those particular vertical. And that quarter being the busiest season for our service business, we also had very strong performance there with double-digit service growth. While that's probably sustainable over the long-term, there's some quarter-to-quarter volatility to that. And so mid-single-digit growth for Q1, granted on an easier compare versus last year is where we feel comfortable, really coming from places here. North America will see some strong performance, probably a little bit higher than that mid-single digit, but both EMEALA and APAC, as well as Global Product will be right in line with that mid-single digit or slightly lower. And I think that's where we feel comfortable and where the growth is going to come next quarter.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then can we just get for the refresh portfolio, what percentage of revenue now is data center than you expect in '25?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Consistent with what we said prior, give or take a little bit, our data center exposure is about 10% of our revenue and continues to grow faster than the rest of the portfolio with very solid double-digit growth sequentially, at least for the foreseeable future.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Davis with Melius Research. Please proceed.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning, George and Marc and Jim.
George Oliver: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis: Yes. So -- hi. When you get a big data center order and you do an install, does it typically come with a similar kind of attachment -- service attachment rate in OpenBlue that you would have in the building or is it -- is there a different kind of attachment rate there?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. Very good question, Scott. The service overall is slightly better than our portfolio from an attach rate standpoint. And the digital services really depends on the type of customer. That particular vertical is very sensitive to digital solution and is very cautious about how they deploy it. There are some customers that have a little bit more cutting-edge than other expecting to have full connection, some others would like to manage that on their own. But the service attach rate for that business is very, very strong and better than the rest of the portfolio. And it's changed a lot, I'll tell you, over the last, probably, five or six years, where that vertical probably five or six years ago was not very high service attached, where a lot of those key customers had -- I've taken the view that they wanted to self-serve some of that. I think what they've learned with the complexity and also the quality of our capabilities, we are really able to differentiate ourselves and provide a full suite of service with guaranteed outcomes for those customers.
George Oliver: Scott, what I would tell you, the short-term, the trend is significantly up because as you look at these data center sites, we have hundreds of units deployed on these sites and we have dozens of our technicians that are supporting these operations. And we made the case that when we have connectivity, number one is not only are we more efficient in how we serve them, but we can be very proactive in making sure we're maintaining the overall operation. So the trend is actually significantly up because of that.
Scott Davis: That's helpful, guys. And just now that you've had another quarter of seeing big orders come through and such, how would you compare kind of the pricing power in that vertical to the traditional building segment? Is it a little bit better because it's more complex, or is it more comparable because, honestly, everything in Applied isn't that easy?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. Well, there's some parts of Applied that are slightly commoditized, but most of Applied is engineered solution that require kind of a strong partnership with the customer and allows us to deliver value to that customer and drive good pricing. The way we've approached the data center vertical is we've really embedded our engineering resource with those customers to try and solve really higher the value chain, the problems they're trying to solve for when it comes to heating, cooling, as well as the way they control the fire and security of their building. So across the board, if you compare, probably the margin of those particular vertical businesses vis-a-vis the rest of the market is probably slightly more than what you see. Now, it's going to continue to evolve as a market over the next few months and years. We've developed differentiated solution from our peers that allows us to command a little bit more price and we're expecting that to continue to drive a better margin profile than the more traditional Applied equipment business.
George Oliver: And I would add to that also on the product side, we've been ahead of the curve with our reinvestment in product. And so, as we've been differentiating our product and getting positioned for the next generation of data centers, I believe that we're positioned extremely well with that value proposition. So we believe that the margin profile that we've been able to achieve with what we've done to date is going to continue to improve going forward.
Operator: And today's next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please proceed.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Maybe just wanted to understand first off on the restructuring announcement that you made. Maybe help us understand the phasing of the $500 million of sort of cost-out savings and how much of that is reflected in the 2025 operating margin guide. And similarly, on the, I think 400 or so of costs for that program, how much is in the free cash flow guide for the current year?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Now, great question and good morning, Julian. So as with any significant change to a business portfolio, like the divestiture of the Residential & Light Commercial, we've been pursuing opportunities to refine our business structure and our operating model better to really facilitate how we deploy resource in a simpler, more clear and quicker to market. And we've been driving many different aspects of that restructuring as we go through that. As you know, we still have a business to run until the transaction closes. Some of the timing of that cost is going to be hard to predict because it's very attached to the timing of the closing of the transaction. But as any restructuring, we expect the restructuring costs to come ahead of the restructuring benefit. So the $400 million will come ahead of the $500 million. It's not a one-to-one perfectly timed structure. As we looked at the free cash flow conversion guide for the year, we've included a substantial amount of that $400 million into our guide for fiscal year '25, which is kind of one of the large structural headwinds we have for the year, alongside some CapEx investments and our traditional delta between effective tax rate and cash tax rate. there's a large portion of restructuring, probably right about half of that, that is included in our guide for fiscal year '25.
Operator: And today's next question comes from Chris Snyder with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I wanted to ask about North America Building Solutions margins and kind of the outlook into '25. So clearly a lot of pressure on the segment in Q4 on that systems mix. But it sounds like that's supposed to kind of normalize into the first-half of the year, I guess, really through fiscal '25. So can you just kind of talk about what that can mean for Building Solutions margins as that mix headwind goes away and what's in the guide for that?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Now, thanks for the question, Chris. Great question. Yeah. It is -- I wouldn't say it's material margin pressure, but you saw North America in the quarter growing extremely rapidly on the back end of those larger -- on those larger projects. And those larger systems projects come at a margin that is slightly lower than what the service business is able to drive. So even though the team was able to drive in North America a very solid service growth, it was not enough to compensate, if you like, for the mix effect of those large data center and new energy projects and decarbonization projects that the team completed in the quarter. And so if you look forward, the valuation you're going to get quarter-on-quarter on those projects will remain, but the headwind that it creates will tail out, especially as we move towards the year because the net effect of service and the service attachment rate, as all the projects come live and we start revenueing, the service on this particular system project will start supporting an improved margin rate.
Operator: And today's next question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Joe Ritchie: Hey, guys, good morning.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Hey. Marc, maybe just kind of focusing on Global Products for a second, I think you guys said a little volume goes a long way, but these are margins that candidly like we haven't seen before. And so, maybe just kind of dovetailing that question that Nigel had earlier as well, was there anything kind of one-off in the margins this quarter? And then really just trying to understand what the right jumping-off point is for 2025. So what was like the pro forma Global Products margins for 2024, so that we have that locked in as we think about next year? Thank you.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Very fair question, Joe. So no, there's no really one-timer or mix effect of any particular one deal that really helped that margin. It's really back to the structural work we did -- the team did in Global Product over the past 12-months. That really set up that business to be able to drive significant operational efficiencies. If you want to think about that business from a pro forma continued operation margin, I would say, take the 20% margin rate and I would say the first half of the year will be on one side of that -- of that margin rate and the second half of the year will drive well above that 20% margin rate. And I think that business now, that is being operating much more efficiently and much more focused as well, we'll be able to continuously perform at that level, if not better.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vlad Bystricky with Citigroup. Please proceed. And also your line is open, you may ask your question. And Mr. Bystricky, your line is open. You may ask your question. Mr. Sprague, your line is open. You may proceed and ask your question.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Hey, maybe just kind of a multi-part question on some of the non-operating items here, so to speak. First, just on corporate, it's kind of interesting that it's nominally roughly the same dollars, 430 million-ish in both cases. I thought the stranded friction would show up there. So maybe some color on that. And also what's taking the tax rate down to 12%? And Marc, I think some of the global changes have you believing your tax rate would actually be drifting up and instead we're stepping down here. So maybe you could give a little color on that. And just finally, the share count seems to just imply you're buying back stock kind of pay-as-you-go as the cash comes in the door over the balance of the year. Is that correct?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yeah, I'll start with that last part. You're absolutely right. So first, I'll start with our guide, the $3.40 to $3.50. Our guide does not contemplate any deployment at all of proceeds associated with the sale of our residential business. So it's just a regular pay-as-you-go return to shareholder100% of our free cash flow. Now, on your couple of questions, the corporate expenses. It's flat year-on-year. You would have expected it to be a little higher. We've done a lot of work to lower that cost, but we've made also a couple of substantial investments in hardening our cybersecurity and IT infrastructure, as well as we are left with those stranded costs that while we want to take action on them, we need to pace and time some of those action with the timing of the divestiture of the Residential & Light Commercial business. We still have a business we got to take care of and we need to continue to provide support for that business. Now on your question on the continued -- on the CO tax rate, on the continued operation tax rate, we are seeing 100 basis points of pressure year-on-year. So if you look at pure CO rate, we were at about 11% in fiscal year '24 and it's stepping up to 12%. You're right, I had indicated that I felt we were probably going to see a little bit more pressure than that. And as we were seeing the Residential & Commercial transaction happening, we started planning around that and prepare for that particular headwind. And that allows us to manage a little bit better the rate for 2025. Now in all transparency, as you look at 2026 and beyond, we see quite a bit of pressure on that rate because of global mean tax rate and the tax reform globally that have happened. We probably see 400 to 500 basis points to that 12% for fiscal year '26, as the planning and the closing of that transaction on Residential & Commercial will be behind us.
Operator: And the next question comes from Andrew Obin with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Andrew Obin: Yes, good morning.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Good morning, Andrew.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Andrew Obin: Just a question. Can we just get more color on Applied sales in North America by key verticals? I know their focus is on data centers, but what are you seeing elsewhere? What stands out positively or negatively?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: There's four or five verticals that are really supportive. Of course, data center is one of the critical ones. But whether it's healthcare, hospitals, where we're seeing a strong pickup, there's still a lot of activity associated with manufacturing and new energy, the re-onshoring of some of the battery manufacturing has been a great help to our business. And then finally, overall, as the commercial real estate market is softer, but a lot of that portfolio is rebalancing as people repurpose some of the spaces associated with the post-pandemic reallocation of that office space, it creates opportunity across the domain, not just for Applied to be able to drive new opportunities throughout the market.
Operator: And the next question comes from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Good morning, Deane.
George Oliver: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray: Hey. Questions about the free cash flow guide. Just for fiscal '25, kind of talk us through what the impact is of taking Resi and Light Commercial out structurally lower working capital, but just how does that play out and support the 85% conversion? And then I noticed you put it in twice the longer-term goal of 100% conversion. Marc, just structurally, what has to change to get you to that threshold? Thank you.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. Just to be clear, I -- what was in the prepared comment is 100% free cash flow return to shareholder, not 100% free cash flow conversion. Now, longer term, I'm willing to tell you that we will be better than 85%, but we have some structural headwinds that we got to continuously deal with. From a trade working capital, it's not a lower trade working capital. So trade working capital is going to continue to be a tailwind and support an improvement in our free cash flow conversion. However, there's two or three structural headwinds that become a little bit more weighted to our free cash flow conversion. As we separate from the Residential & Light Commercial business, that had some structural benefits or were accretive, if you like, to free cash flow conversion if you look at the whole company. As you know, we were owning about 60% of that joint venture with Hitachi, that is now in discontinued operation. That means we would actually get 100% of the free cash flow versus where the earnings landed overall. And the timing of the dividends was not always aligned with the free cash flow generation of that business. But outside of the discontinued operation, on a continued operation basis to get to 85%, there's a couple of structural headwinds. The first one is the restructuring we talked about earlier with Julian, as well as we continue to make substantial CapEx investment to continue to increase our data center capacity with the goal to doubling it and maybe beyond as we continue to see opportunities in the market. And then finally, the delta in the effective tax rate, right, between our cash tax rate and our effective tax rate is -- continued to stay at that 8% to 10% level. I see that coming down as we see pressure on the effective tax rate, but I don't see that much pressure actually on our cash tax rate. But for '25, as we look at it, this will be -- this will be a headwind. So you see improvement in trade working capital with the headwind associated with restructuring CapEx and taxes overall.
Operator: And the next question is a follow-up from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Steve Tusa: Got it. Hey, sorry about that.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: No problem.
Steve Tusa: Well, I just wanted to -- I just wanted to make sure my math was right on this Global Products margin. I mean, we have about -- just backing out continuing op sales from what you guys reported this year is about $5 billion in revenues for that kind of for RemainCo at Global Products. Is that right as a starting point?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: The RemainCo of Global Products is probably going to be a little bit less than $5 billion, I would say.
Steve Tusa: Okay. So then if I divide that by the 14 -- whatever number that you gave as a continuing ops for Global Products profits, I think that's in the slides. Like that's a -- that's a high-20s margin, not 20% that you're talking about. Is that like -- am I missing something there?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: No. So I didn't say 20%. I said the first half will probably be on one side of 20% and the second half will be on the other side of 20%, but much, much higher than the 20%.
Steve Tusa: Okay. But the 28% on a proforma basis -- ish -- 27%, 28%, it is the right kind of base in this year and there's nothing unusual about that? So we should assume that you can leverage volume on that?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: We can absolutely leverage volume on that and I think that's the right ballpark. Yes.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then lastly, sorry, just on data center, you broke up a little bit there. Did you say 15% or 10% data center exposure?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: 10%.
Steve Tusa: Okay.
Operator: And our next question comes from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Good morning, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: So just a question on, I guess, order growth and backlog. When you guys put together the outlook for fiscal '25, is the expectation that backlog starts to come down from these record levels, or do you think it kind of remains consistent through the year? Thank you.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Well, it's going to depend a little bit on the mix of jobs we are going to book in the year and how strong will be the data center vertical. But assuming the trend line we are seeing, as well as the growth in our -- in the pipeline of opportunities we see in the market, we see that backlog continuing to improve and the margin continuing to solidify. So I think the trend is going to be -- it's going to be strong in growth in the backlog. That's why we are very comfortable with that mid-single-digit revenue growth as we're going to be able to drive a lot of revenue out of that backlog.
Operator: And the next question comes from Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, good morning. Just on slide five and the revenue mix, it looks like maybe 15% or so indirect. Could you just talk about the end-market exposure within that, how you think about that fit within the portfolio on a go-forward basis? And then, Marc, just with the restructuring announcement today and as you think about proceeds toward the end of the year, just any perspective on how you're thinking about kind of offsetting the exits dilution and sort of timing objectives around achieving that?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yeah. So on the mix, Joe, we view our operating model as an integrated operating model. So for every market, every vertical, we segment the market by product, sometimes by brand even, and we make sure that we get to our full entitlement from a market share standpoint. And so for some markets where we see an ability to both sell value, create high service attach rate and being able to drive the life cycle value of those products in the buildings we are in, we are always going to choose our direct channel and our branches are going to do the vast majority of the work. Now there's parts of the markets where maybe it's harder to sell value or that's not where the customer wants to meet us, or the lifecycle value comes in a different profile, either because of the application of the building itself, the type of vertical it addresses, or just simply the complexity of that market. It's more commoditized part of the market, more mid to low end of the market. And there we use a leverage highly or indirect channel through our distribution and sales partner, where we're able to hit mostly the mid to lower end of the market and try and stay away from that more larger complex part of the market. Now, the second part of your question on capital and restructuring and our ability to offset dilution, the capital deployment plan is going to be very similar to what we've done historically when we've had large divestiture. And you can see how we took that approach, for example, in 2019 when we divested of our battery power solutions business. The goal is going to be able to return as quickly and as efficiently as possible the proceeds of the divestiture, as we see a clear line of sight of closing of the transaction. The restructuring action, we are going to take them as early as possible. We are not going to wait for the transaction to close. Now there are certain actions that are going to have to be taken at or after restructuring. So that's why the timing on some of that benefit and cost is a little bit difficult for us to commit to, but we have a clear plan on how to deploy and continue to improve our operating model as we have throughout the past couple of years.
Operator: And the next question comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please proceed.
Noah Kaye: Thanks. A couple of questions. First, I assume the free cash flow conversion guide doesn't include the tax payments on the divestitures. Would you expect those to fall within the year, just for housekeeping purposes? Second, just to put a finer point on the answer to the earlier question, the $500 million of benefits over time from restructuring, that's assumed to be immaterial to the '25 guide. I just want to confirm that. But then I think more sustainably, can you just give us the broad strokes of what the cost-out program entails and perhaps more qualitatively, how you may be changing the configuration of the business or your go-to-market within that program?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: So, now your first two comments, you are correct. So you're making the right assumption there. In terms of -- in all detail exactly where we're going to focus on, it's around really simplifying and leveraging better our cost structure. With the work we've done over the past six to nine months to right-size our organization and really get a better grasp around where and how we deploy resources against the market opportunities, further driving that simplification and provide better clarity, and also at the end, improving the customer experience that most of our clients and customers are facing. Now from an operating structure, as you see any significant change to our business portfolio, we've been pursuing opportunity to refine the business structure and the operating model to facilitate that simplicity and clarity we talked about. So we'll keep you updated as we see changes needed in how we operate and present ourselves.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. George Oliver for any closing remarks.
George Oliver: Yes, I want to thank all of you for joining us today. As we conclude fiscal 2024 and look to the future, I am confident Johnson Controls is heading in the right direction. Our team has delivered an important achievements this year and created momentum entering fiscal 2025. Our customer value proposition is resonating, demonstrated by our sales and service growth and multiple consecutive quarters of building a record backlog. We are well-positioned to capitalize on the opportunities ahead, provided by our leadership in Building Solutions and our end-to-end operating model. So I want to thank you for your continued support and confidence in Johnson Controls. And with that, operator, that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. And thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Johnson Controls Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, todays event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jim Lucas, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jim Lucas: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls fiscal third quarter 2024 results. The press release and related tables that were issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. Joining me on the call today are Johnson Controls' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver and Chief Financial Officer, Marc Vandiepenbeeck. Before we begin, let me remind you that during our presentation today, we will make forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings for detailed discussion of these risks and uncertainties, in addition to the inherent limitations of such forward-looking statements. We will also reference certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are contained in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to this presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of Johnson Controls website. I will now turn the call over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Jim, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Lets begin with Slide 3. We were very pleased to deliver fiscal third quarter results that exceeded almost all of our targets. Organic sales growth was 3%, which was in line with our guidance of low single-digits. We delivered a robust 150 basis points of segment margin expansion to 17.9%, which exceeded our guidance of 17%. We are also proud of our free cash flow generation during the quarter, which was more than $500 million higher than the comparable period one year ago. Service led the way, once again, with 9% growth, which continues to validate our transformation efforts. It is encouraging as we continue to build momentum toward meeting our full year financial objectives. Orders grew 5% during the quarter. We expect some quarterly fluctuation in our order pattern, given the strong demand for our data center solutions. With the investments we have made over the last few years in technologies for data centers, the launch of a dedicated organization and our one-of-a-kind offerings, we remain well positioned in this fast-growing segment, with solutions that are clearly resonating with customers. We have built a leading position in data centers in North America, due to a unique and compelling customer value proposition. As our customers expand internationally to meet the rapidly growing demand for data centers, we grow alongside them as they choose to partner with Johnson Controls around the world. Our backlog grew 10% in the quarter, as we continue to see demand for our solutions, both systems and services. The growth in orders and backlog give us increased confidence in our ability to continue delivering sustainable long-term growth. As part of our ongoing business transformation, we announced two divestitures, our Residential and Light Commercial HVAC business and our Air Distribution Technologies business. These two transactions represent roughly 20% of current sales. At the same time as our earnings results, we announced this morning that I informed the Board it is time to initiate our CEO succession plan. Following recent significant milestones in our portfolio transformation and as we move to the next phase of growth, I believe that now is the right time to begin the process of identifying the next leader the new Johnson Controls. Accordingly, the Board has engaged a nationally recognized search firm and begun a comprehensive search for the company's next CEO. Once my successor has been named, I will remain Chair of the Board to help facilitate a smooth transition. I am confident in our position as Johnson Controls enters its next chapter, and I remain committed to supporting the full team as we work to ensure Johnson Controls realizes its full potential. Along with the initiation of the company's succession plan, we also announced that as part of our ongoing Board refreshment efforts and following a constructive dialogue with Elliott Management, Patrick Decker has been appointed to our company's Board of Directors effective immediately. Patrick brings experience to our Board, and having led a transformation of his prior company, and his appointment reflects our commitment to continuously refreshing our Board to ensure the skills and experiences of our directors appropriately reflect our ongoing transformation. Lastly, before moving to the next slide, we are tightening our full year adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $3.66 to $3.69 from a range of $3.60 to $3.75. Marc will give additional details later in the call. We have made tremendous progress on our business transformation into a simpler, higher-growth company, positioned to deliver more consistent, predictable results. Turning to Slide 4. We have made good progress on simplifying our portfolio. Most recently on July 23, we reached an agreement to sell our Residential and Light Commercial HVAC business to the Bosch Group in an all-cash transaction. The transaction includes 100% of our North America Ducted business and our 60% interest in our Global Residential joint venture with Hitachi. The total transaction is valued at approximately $8.1 billion, which results in approximately $6.7 billion of consideration to Johnson Controls. We are expecting net proceeds of approximately $5 billion after tax and transaction expenses, the majority of which will be used to accelerate returning capital to shareholders and also address leverage. The Residential and Light Commercial HVAC transaction is expected to close in approximately 12 months, subject to required regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. We expect to report the operating results of the business in discontinued operations beginning in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024. In addition, on June 18, we agreed to sell our Air Distribution Technologies business to Truelink Capital. The sale of Air Distribution Technologies is also an important step in simplifying our manufacturing footprint, with the elimination of nearly 30% our manufacturing facilities. Taken together, these two transactions represent significant milestones in our portfolio transformation. We are now even better positioned going forward as a pure-play provider of comprehensive solutions for commercial buildings. Our efforts in turning into results and the value of our transformation is coming into focus. Slide 5 presents a pro forma look at the new Johnson Controls, representing composition of our company going forward. Following completion of the two divestitures described earlier, we will be a simpler, higher growth company focused almost exclusively on our engineered solutions offerings. These solutions include commercial HVAC, fire, controls, security and services, forming the smart building trifecta of energy-efficient equipment, clean electrification and digitalization. The benefits of our transformed portfolio include an enhanced margin profile, less complexity and a more focused operating model. In addition, these divestitures further increase our exposure to the fast-growing data center vertical to nearly 10% of sales from 7% as of fiscal year 2023. We expect this percentage to further increase over time given the robust demand we are seeing in this key vertical. While we will continue to look at opportunities to further enhance the portfolio, we believe that the largest elements of the portfolio transformation are now complete. Turning to Slide 6 to discuss our focused business model and how we plan to deliver more consistent, predictable outcomes for our customers and maximize value for shareholders over the life cycle of buildings. Johnson Controls has a unique value proposition for our customers that directly translates to shareholder value creation. Our ability to serve our customers over the lifecycle of the building allows us to deliver safe, healthy and sustainable buildings. As a simpler and more streamlined company, we are now better positioned to leverage our integrated domain expertise, coupled with our extensive branch network to significantly expand margins. Our journey with the customer provides system and service solutions that maximize the opportunities around the lifecycle of the asset, delivering outcomes to the customer that save energy, reduce emissions and optimize building lifecycle costs, all while improving the overall occupant experience. Most importantly, our ability to drive direct outcomes ensures that we have long-term customers that use several of our services, which creates a compounded impact for the customer and for our shareholders. In fact, $1 of systems revenue has the potential to generate up to 10 times the revenue over the lifecycle of the solution. It all starts with our local teams supported by our centralized engineering teams to provide operational excellence throughout the construction of the new building, starting with the product and technology development through the installation of the new systems. This grows the installed base. Throughout system deployment, our teams are building customer intimacy and confidence in our team to ensure we are creating linkage with our service offering. We have redoubled our focus to build this initial relationship and greatly improved our operational execution over the past few years to drive an enhanced margin profile and grow service. Simply put, service and maintenance delivers recurring revenue for us, and this provides resilient revenue throughout economic cycles. Moving to Parts & Repairs. Our service organization is digitally enabled and unlocks additional value by collecting data from the connected equipment within the building. Leveraging this data lets us detect issues before they occur, leading to reduced downtime and cost savings for the customer. The last part of the cycle is the building retrofit, including the monetization and technology refresh of existing systems. We work closely with the building owner to discuss lifecycle planning and the prioritization of the building needs. We have found this to be the perfect opportunity for Johnson Controls to sell additional domains. By compounding the effects of this cycle, we are able to deliver solutions to our customers, leading significant margin expansion. The ongoing transformation of our portfolio into a quality pure-play provider of comprehensive solutions for commercial buildings means that we can service these buildings to deliver outcomes that matter. Accordingly, we are extending our journey with our customers, while capitalizing on attractive opportunities in the market. Together, this delivers value across our stakeholder base for customers, employees and for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Marc.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. Let me start with a summary on Slide 7. Total revenue of $7.2 billion grew 3% organically, as strong high single-digit service growth more than offset continued weakness in China's System business. Segment margin expanded a robust 150 basis points to 17.9%, as we delivered another strong quarter of productivity and converted our higher-margin backlog. Adjusted EPS of $1.14 was up 11% year-over-year and exceeded the high end of our guidance range by $0.04. Operations contributed $0.18 of the growth in the quarter, as improved productivity and the conversion of higher margin backlog more than offset higher corporate costs related to additional IT investments, cybersecurity enhancement costs and increased centralization of functional costs. Below the line, we saw favorability from a lower share count. As we continue to build a more consistent and predictable business, we are pleased with the strong adjusted EPS performance in the quarter. On the balance sheet, we ended up the third quarter with approximately $900 million in available cash and net debt decreased to 2.3 times, which is within our long-term target range of 2 to 2.5 times. Year-to-date, adjusted free cash flow improved approximately $700 million year-over-year to $1.3 billion. We remain on the path to driving higher free cash flow conversion more consistently. Let's now discuss our segment results in more detail on Slide 8 through 10. Beginning on Slide 8. Organic sales in our Global Products business grew 3% year-over-year, with price offsetting a modest volume decline. Commercial HVAC remained a bright spot for the business, growing mid-single digits against a tough comp of mid-teens growth a year ago. Fire & Security declined low single-digit, as a decline in fire suppression more than offset growth fire detection and security video surveillance. Industrial Refrigeration grew approximately 20%, with strong double-digit growth in both North America and EMEA/LA. Overall, Global Residential grew mid-single digits in the quarter. Global Ducted Residential grew low single-digits as strong double-digit growth in APAC more than offset continued declines in Europe. In conjunction with improvement in North America residential market, our Global Ducted Residential business grew 10%, with strong double-digit growth in both North America and EMEA/LA. Adjusted segment EBITDA margin expanded 240 basis points to 24.5%, as positive price cost and improved productivity more than offset mix headwinds from ongoing weakness in China. Now moving to Slide 9 to discuss our Building Solutions performance. Order momentum remained healthy with 5% growth in the quarter. Overall, service order grew 12%, with a broad-based growth across the region. Systems order grew 2%. North America offset decline in APAC. Organic sales increased 4% in the quarter, led by service growth of 9%. Systems revenue grew 1% as decline in APAC more than offset growth in North America and EMEA/LA. Building Solutions backlog continues to remain at record levels, growing 10% to $12.9 billion. Service backlog grew 7% and system backlog grew 10% year-over-year. Let's discuss the Building Solutions performance by region on Slide 10. Orders in North America increased 5% in the quarter, with mid-single-digit growth in both systems and services. As a reminder, our quarterly order growth can fluctuate based on the timing of certain large projects, particularly in the data center vertical. We remain confident in our competitive position in the data center and our pipeline remains quite robust. Sales in North America were up 8% organically, with continued strength across HVAC & Controls, up over 20% year-over-year. Overall, our system business grew 9%, while service grew 6%. Segment margin expanded 150 basis points year-over-year to 15.9%, driven by the continued execution of higher-margin backlog, improved productivity and solid service contribution. Total backlog ended the quarter at $9 billion, up 14% year-over-year. In EMEA/LA, orders were up 11%, with over 25% growth in service. Systems, although were flat as we continue to remain focused on driving higher quality growth with higher margin and improved cash flow conversion. Across the portfolio, we saw strong double-digit growth in controls, fire and security. Sales in EMEALA grew 8% organically, with broad-based growth across the portfolio, Momentum continues to build within our service business, up 15% year-over-year, driven by strong double-digit growth from both our recurring and shorter cycle transactional businesses. Our system business grew low single digits, led by strength in controls. Segment EBITDA margin expanded 170 basis points to 10.3%, driven by the positive mix from the growth in service and the conversion of higher-margin system backlog. We've made tremendous progress in improving the profitability in EMEA/LA as well as mix of higher-margin service. A more disciplined funnel in systems gives us further confidence in continued momentum in margin improvement. Backlog was up 12% year-over-year to $2.5 billion. In Asia Pacific, orders declined 2%, as we have focused on deploying resources to the most attractive part of the market and remain selective on the jobs we court and ultimately, book. Given our strong installed base in the region and our continued focus, we saw high single-digit growth in service. Sales in Asia Pacific declined 19% as the systems business continue to be impacted by ongoing weaknesses in China. Our service business grew 8% in the quarter, with strong double-digit growth in our recurring revenue contracts. Segment EBITA margin declined 220 basis points to 11.7%, as weakness in China offset positive mix from our service business. Backlog of $1.4 billion declined 12% year-over-year. Now let's discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024 guidance on Slide 11. We entered the fourth quarter with solid momentum, led by our resilient service business and continued demand in our North America system business. Our margin reach backlog remains at a historical level, and our Global Products book-to-bill business have stabilized and returned to growth. We are introducing fourth quarter sales guidance of approximately 7% growth, as strong demand in North America and EMEA/LA is somewhat muted by one more quarter of slower recovery in the system business in China. Global Products momentum is expected to continue as our book-to-bill orders remain positive throughout the third quarter and the tough comparison in China base. For the fourth quarter, we expect segment EBITA margin to be approximately 19% and adjusted EPS to be in the range of $1.23 to $1.26. For the full year, we are tightening adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $3.66 and $3.69. We now expect organic sales to grow approximately 3% and segment EBITA margin to expand approximately 110 basis points. Our working capital metrics continue to improve, and our free cash flow performance year-to-date has been strong. We continue to invest capital in attractive areas, including data center manufacturing expansion and ongoing ERP consolidation. While this will be a slight headwind, we expect adjusted free cash flow conversion of approximately 85% or better for the full year. With our recent announced planned divestiture, I want to highlight some financial details and future reporting on Slide 12. As George mentioned at the beginning of the call, we were extremely pleased with our announced sale of the Residential and Light Commercial HVAC business. This came just a few weeks after we announced that we tend to sell Air Distribution Technologies business. Together, these two transactions represent hopefully, 20% of the sale and the majority of portfolio we have previously highlighted as non-core. We expect to report the Residential and Light Commercial business as discontinued operation with our fiscal fourth quarter results and will provide our official fiscal year 2025 guidance on a continuing operation basis. While the two transaction would be dilutive to EPS prior to any cost offset, we have actions in place to address the stranded cost and we are working on accelerating some of these actions prior to closing. Through the combination of share repurchase, debt pay down and restructuring, we have a plan in place to fully offset the stranded costs. We will provide more details when we report our fiscal fourth quarter results. Before we open up the lines for questions, I want to conclude with a summary of our recent transformation on Slide 13. We have spent the last few years transforming the company into a comprehensive solution provider for commercial buildings, and this continues to be a differentiator for Johnson Controls. We took a major step in simplifying the portfolio with our two recently announced divestiture, and we believe one operating model will enable us to deliver more consistent, predictable results. We operate in many attractive markets, which allows us to build our backlog with margin rich jobs that have a service still throughout the lifecycle of building. Our systems backlog, coupled with our resilient business, positions us for sustainable and continued margin expansion. As our margins continue to improve, coupled with our commitment to disciplined capital allocation, we would expect double-digit EPS growth. As George mentioned earlier, the result of our portfolio transformation is now a faster-growing, more profitable, less complex and more operationally focused Johnson Controls, and we are excited for the next chapter. With that, operator, please open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Scott Davis at Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Davis: Hi, good morning, George and Marc and Jim. And congrats, George, on the announcement.
George Oliver: Thanks, Scott.
Scott Davis: I wanted just to dig in on the data center kind of impact on backlog a bit. I would assume that a big chunk of that backlog growth is data center, but maybe you could give us some color on the impact of materiality that growth in that vertical? Thanks.
George Oliver: Yes. Let me give you a framework, and then Marc can talk a little bit more about the -- how it's being built in backlog and converting. We're already now -- we said in the prepared remarks that we're about 7% a year ago. When we look at the business today, it's about 10% of sales on a pro forma basis. It continues to be very strong. We're working across all of the hyperscalers colos. We've got a global team now, making sure that our leadership technology and all of our domains, that we're positioned now to be able to provide the best solutions globally. So that pipeline is continuing to build. And I think as we think about our orders and backlog, certainly, this is going to be a higher mix of backlog playing out. In many cases, it is a multiyear backlog. And for us, we look at the next 12 months as far as how we book the backlog. And then as we think about the growth, Scott, going forward, this is going to be strong double-digit growth in 2024. It's going to be, for this year, a strong double-digits and continuing to accelerate over the next few years given the work that we're doing. Marc, do you want to talk about the mix a bit?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. So Scott, if you look at that growth in backlog of 10%, almost $13 billion in backlog. The mix remains consistent year-over-year because a lot of those data centers, as George mentioned, are multiyear. There is clearly more data center work in that $12.9 billion. But that mix will continue to evolve more towards the data center as we churn that backlog. We will maintain our definition of backlog as what we see in revenue for the next 12 months. And with that consistency, you'll see a change over time, more tilted towards the higher growing segments of the market.
Scott Davis: Okay. That's helpful. And I'm just looking at this Slide 6 and the 10:1 numbers on service and digital versus the OE side. I don't remember seeing that before. Maybe you've put it up, and I just have missed it. But is this kind of a theoretical number? Or you actually have expectation that these are achievable type ratios going forward?
George Oliver: The algorithm that we've been working for multi-years now as we've been building the service business depends on -- it starts with the installed base, Scott, relative to not only what we're putting into the installed base, but going after the existing installed base. When we can, right out of the gate, get connectivity and ultimately, that first level service and then now with OpenBlue and connectivity with the use of data, the significant value proposition that we add on to the -- what would be historical maintenance and break/fix. And so as we now are seeing that over the last couple of years, we're getting to that level of multiple relative to what we see on a run rate basis that over the lifecycle can achieve that level of revenue. So that is real data with customers that we've had connectivity. We've had installed base connectivity. We're using data, and we're now adding on additional services. That is absolutely real.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: And that revenue multiplier evolves based on market vertical and product line. So -- we've tried to lay that out on that chart. HVAC is a multiplier that's a little lower than 10 turn, while you go to Security Controls and then Fire provides the higher level of multiplier over the life cycle of the product. So depending on the market vertical, depending on the product, that multiplier expands, but this is a real experience data that we've looked through over the past few years, and we believe we can continue to deliver that that through operating model we've now implemented.
George Oliver: I think it's important, Scott, that we're -- it's really tied to outcomes versus just the traditional buy-the-drink type service. And so as we're now converting not only the technology and the product, but with our OpenBlue and data that, that really changes the game. And then from an attrition standpoint, it significantly reduces the attrition, which continues to build our base going forward for service going forward.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Julian Mitchell at Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. Good morning. Congrats, George, on a very good run.
George Oliver: Thanks, Julian.
Julian Mitchell: In terms of -- I suppose just first off, I wanted to start with the overall kind of top line growth outlook and sort of two elements of that. I think one is, the total company this year is growing about 3%. And when we look at the sort of the sort of the go-forward business, $22 billion revenue base or so, is that 3% rate abnormal in any respect when you're looking at the backlog and assuming no big changes in interest rates or U.S. policy kind of as we're looking ahead? And related to that, the Fire & Security business is something that you've known for a long time. It looks like sales are flat there this year, and that will be about 45% of the go-forward revenue, I think. What do you think Fire and Security can grow at sort of medium term?
George Oliver: Great question. So let's start first with the 3% for the full year. Really, we had a lot of cyber headwind in the first quarter that if you did somewhat that growth rate year-on-year. So I'll tell you for longer-term algorithm, 3% is absolutely what absolutely what -- not our expectation would be. It'd be closer to mid-single digits, and that's really on the basis of a mid- to high single-digit growth in our service business and a mid-single-digit growth into our systems business overall. And so those fundamentals driving a better mix overall are different depending on the different product line. And right now, HVAC is benefiting from a lot of tailwind coming from decarbonization, data center and other market verticals that have really propped up the growth there. And you're right. We've seen a little bit of softness overall in the market on Fire & Security this year. We are seeing, particularly in our book-and-bill business, some sign of recovery, and we think can maintain that mid-single-digit growth over time for that business. As the service and recurring component aspect of that business will continue to be higher than mid-digit target.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Nigel Coe at Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Hi. Thanks, good morning. George, you had one hell of career, so congratulations and good luck with your next steps. Yes. So just on that topic, do you have a time frame in mind for this succession? I know you obviously want to find the right person to do search. But any timeline? And then maybe just touch on Patrick's appointment to the Board. Obviously, you know Patrick very well. What sort of skills kind of made him the right person to the Board? And I wonder if maybe he's under consideration for the next year?
George Oliver: The timing of this, I mean, we've made great progress on our portfolio with the moves we've recently made. I think it's clear that we have a lot of confidence now in the strategy playing out, and we're starting to see that -- the results from that. And we've also put a strong leadership and team, and I'm very confident of their capabilities and the work that they're doing that's going to position the company to continue to be successful. Now the Board -- working with the Board, we've had succession plans that we've been building over time. So that's well underway, and we're looking at both internal and external candidates. The Board is engaged directly with a national recognized search firm and making sure we're also looking and developing at our internal candidates. So it's hard to find the timeline, but we are moving forward. And as far as myself, I couldn't be more committed and more passionate and energized relative to where we are committed to make sure that we see through a very smooth transition to my successor, and then I'll continue on as Chairman of the Board. So that's kind of where we are. We'll keep you up-to-date as we make progress through the year and through the remainder of the year and keep you updated.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hi, good morning and congrats, George.
George Oliver: Thanks.
Steve Tusa: The free cash flow in the quarter was pretty good. How do you see that playing out in the fourth? I know 85% conversion would suggest. I think somewhat of a step down in the fourth. And you're already -- on a trailing basis, you're already very close to 100% conversion. So just curious as to how sustainable this good result is.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Great question, Steve. So you're right, we saw a really solid improvement year-on-year, and the momentum year-to-date has been quite strong. We're seeing working capital fundamentals continuously improving and continue to trending very positively. The work we've done on lowering inventory and improving our SOE S&OP process have allowed us to really drive overall more predictability to the working capital. As far as that 85-plus conversion for the year, we continue to invest aggressively in parts of the market that are attractive to us, particularly increasing the capacity in our data centers as we expand more lines in our factory in North America and elsewhere as well as continue to involve the investment in our ERP landscape. We do believe that the momentum allows us to probably do better than 85%. And structurally, in over term, we'll be able to continue to improve on that. But as of today, I'll tell you, 85 plus is where we're comfortable.
Steve Tusa: And then just as far as the guide is concerned next year, anything -- any details that you can give as far your strategy, there's obviously going to be a bit of a dislocation moving these things to disc ops with a lag in the capital deployment? How do you plan to address that on earnings?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes, we'll start providing guidance next quarter on continued operation you're right, there's going to be a little bit of noise, but we are very comfortable that the overall algorithms we've committed to for next year will hold through as we navigate to that continued operation. As you know, some of that residential, like commercial business had solid cash flow. But the momentum that we see in our core business, thanks to that singular operating model, is really providing strong tailwinds that will allow you to continue to improve on our free cash flow conversion and our overall free cash flow performance.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Thanks. So in the release, there's a call out of the gain, the significant gain on some of the insurance recoveries from that AFF settlement. Can you just walk us through where your expectations are in terms of actual cash outflows relative to the $750 million settlement that was previously disclosed now that; you've gotten some benefit from insurance and maybe talk through the timing of those outflows?
George Oliver: Let me just frame this up here. We did -- just going back, we reached a settlement with plaintiffs relating to the PFAS liability. The -- this settlement obviously resolved a significant amount of our PFAS liability. Just also, you might recall that, when it comes to July 2023, that we're going to discontinue the production of the sale of our fluorinated firefighting foams by June of 2024, which is what we've done. So that's behind us. And we have a significant amount of insurance through more than 20 insurers that is applicable to these claims. And so that's the framework. And you've seen that we did received 351 from our insurers. And maybe, Marc, you can talk about as we -- what we expect going forward.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. So from a timeline, no, we took the charge in Q2 for $750 million. That's part of the settlement. And in the third quarter, we had received from the first few agreements with a venture of about $351 million. So we recovered almost half right off the bat. And those payments will go back to the water provider according to our agreement. There's more payments that are going to come and come in over the next few quarters, and we believe that we're well covered from an insurance standpoint, and the net effect overall will be de minimis. The timing between recoveries and we see -- in payments may slip from one quarter to the other. But overall, we think we're in good shape there.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Joe Ritchie at Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks and good morning, everybody. Congratulations, George, on the succession announcement. Marc, I want to -- just one quick clarification on the 4Q guide. So as discontinued ops out of the 4Q guide? And if so, what is the impact of that? And then going forward into fiscal year 2025, how should we think about GP margins at this point? You guys put up a great number this quarter. Just trying to understand kind of like the puts and takes of the moving pieces with some of the portfolio divestitures.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Sure. Thanks, Joe. The fourth quarter guide we just gave is for the full payment of the company. We'll start breaking it down at the next quarter. So that guide really holds together, with perspective that we are going to continue to see sequential improvement, both for the business that we have contemplating to divest as well as the core of our businesses. Now if you look at the global product margin and if you reflect on the year, Global Products really has benefited from improved processes from an SOE S&OP process that really drove massive improvement in our material handling and our or inventory. And that improved inventory management, created massive absorption benefit as well as productivity and net-net better conversion costs. That means that any incremental volume you saw created good leverage and solid leverage in that business. Now that performance in Q3 that we see continuing improving in Q4, as you look into 2025, we'll go back to a more regular seasonality, right? So you'll see that the first half of the year performance more in mid-teens, given the volume that businesses in the first six months of the year. And then I think we are now very comfortable seeing that business clocking in the 20s in the second half of the year as a natural seasonality and volume ramp up in the second half.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, good morning. Congrats, George, and congrats to all of you on the portfolio announcements over course of the quarter. Just curious if you can outline on ADT, the anticipated proceeds, as well as any revenue margin kind of EPS related to that exit. And then separately, just wanted any clarity on destock this year. What you saw during the quarter? Confidence that you think that's behind you? And any sizing of the overall headwind Global Products in 2024 from some of those destock pressures?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. Let me start with ADT, and then I'll give some color on destock. But George, you can add more. So that business, we signed on June 18, we expect to close the transaction actually this quarter. We've not disclosed the financial terms of the business because it is a smaller transaction and really not that material. I think what's important to remember is this is really part of our simplification journey. We really eliminating, I'm sorry, about 30% of our manufacturing footprint, but we're also eliminating a whole series of SKU and complexity. This is a very commodity business, and accessory business and it's evolved a lot over the past decade since we acquired that business. But it's an important step in our journey as a prepaid provider. And the net effect of that divestiture after we buy back some shares is immaterial to the overall company. On destocking
Joe O'Dea: Apologies. Please proceed.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: On destocking, I think we see a stock level getting back hopefully to normalization. There are some pockets of the market that are still and simplifying a little bit their stock level. But overall, I think that for most part, that large destocking is behind us. And we feel very confident, particularly when product have been refreshed that we have a new norm and a new standard on our stock levels, and the distribution seems to be holding up pretty good.
George Oliver: Yes, being very familiar with these businesses, when you look at what we've done around, Marc mentioned it, as it related to productivity with material planning and the like, and then the work that our team has done really simplifying our SKU base, we've done a really nice job now, not only reducing the inventory, but really decreasing our lead times. And so I think we're well positioned now from a commercial standpoint, to be able to pick up volume because of our short lead times while we're continuing to reduce inventory. So we're back to where we were prior to this ramp-up because of all of the disruption in the supply chain. And I feel confident that now on a run rate basis from a growth standpoint, we're starting to see the come back and we're doing it with less inventory.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Jeff Sprague at Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Good morning, everyone. And George, good luck on whatever is next. Just want to come back to the portfolio changes. Obviously, you're not going to report Q4 or 2024 on the basis with which you guided given things going to disc ops. So maybe you could just actually share with us, given where your guidance stands today and what you're doing on stranded and other costs, what the reset 2024 base looks like on an equivalent basis relative to your current guide? And then when you do have the proceeds to deploy, should we expect you to kind of solve to your same leverage ratios that we see today kind of split between share repurchase and debt reduction to kind of maintain the same leverage? Or will you do something different with how you structure the balance sheet? Thank you.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Got you, Jeff. So on disc ops, this is not changing any of our commitment and is actually -- we feel very comfortable with where we've guided from a full portfolio as well as where we think the continued operating business will go. As far as the use of proceeds and what we plan on doing, so we expect the transaction to close in next 12 months. And we plan to return most of the net proceeds to shareholders through a share repurchase program, very similarly to what we did a few years ago when we divested our Battery Power Solutions business. As far as addressing our leverage, it will very much depend on the timing of the closing. We're thinking 12 months, but it could go three months either way. And so we could easily see ourselves growing into our existing debt level and not have to redeploy much or we could see ourselves in the transaction close much, much quicker than we anticipating having to address some leverage at that point. Our goal is to remain committed to our investment-grade rating, and we'll work with the agency, depending on the timeline as to what's most appropriate to be able meet that commitment. And I'll leave it at that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Andy Kaplowitz of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning, everyone. George, congratulations.
George Oliver: Thanks, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Could you update us on what you're thinking regarding the ability to start growing backlog in earnings in Asia Pac? And what your expectations are for Q4 bookings and backlog? Backlog was up slightly sequentially in Q3. And I know you've talked about expecting a bigger uptick by the end of year, while telling us that China is still muted. So do you still see bookings beginning to accelerate in Q4? And do you still see recovery in that region in FY 2025?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: No. Great question. And you partially answered it. Yes, we continue to see sequential improvement. There is a slower recovery than we had initially anticipated. So one of the reasons we tightened the guide for the year and why you see a revenue growth a little lower than we anticipated, but that momentum has continued to build. And the order intake we saw in Q3 was sequentially a good improvement from Q2, and we see that sequential improvement continue in Q4. While we expect one more challenging quarter in the fourth quarter here, we're still probably declining revenue year-on-year in the low single digits. That of the momentum is going to turn positive positioning as well as we enter 2025. So we absolutely see that business recovering in 2025, particularly on a year-on-year compare. The comps are going to become easier given the challenging year we just went through. The backlog, as you mentioned, has been sequentially improving over the last few quarters, and we continue to redeploy the resource in this most attractive part of the market, but we continue to remain very disciplined in the type of job and counterparty we deal with in the market in China as that market continues to be pretty challenging.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Andrew Obin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Andrew Obin: Yes, good morning and George, congratulations.
George Oliver: Thanks, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Just a question, just maybe a little bit more detail. You highlighted a more disciplined approach in EMEA/LA systems. What did you do? And what's your ability to apply this approach elsewhere in the portfolio?
George Oliver: Great question. So the discipline that we've put in place is really part of our overall operating model. And operating model really started as we refined it in North America a couple of years back. And you can see North America really benefiting from that discipline over time and that focus. There's really two things that are happening. We centralize more the decision-making process as which vertical and which markets we really approach. And we really focus that commercial organization towards those parts of the market where we see a very much attractive margin as we can sell value and we have customers that are interested in our product and see value over that cycle, but also parts of the market where you see a stronger service attach. And when you do that, you're able to actually drive modest growth in the system business but a much larger growth in our service business as that service attach yields better outcome overall. So that's that operating system has been really fully deployed in North America. That's probably where the maturity is at the highest. EMEA/LA still going through that. I see EMEA,LA closing the gap with its regional peers. Asia had a strong operating model. I think the market moved on us very fast, and we are repivoting as quick as we can. But you'll see, as I mentioned on the prior question, you'll see APAC repivoting very quickly, and that operating model maturing across the board outside of North America, including in EMEA/LA.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Deane Dray at RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and add my congrats to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Deane.
Deane Dray: I don't think you've given much detail here, but could you share us with any of the economics of the divestiture of air distribution technologies?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. As I mentioned, Deane, while this is a critical step in our simplification journey, the financial terms are not disclosed because they're really -- it's really a smaller transaction and not very material for the overall value of the enterprise. We struck what we feel is a very attractive deal for the enterprise with trolling capital. We're hoping to close that business very, very quickly and hopefully within the next few weeks.
Deane Dray: Got it. Thank you. And then second question, George, there's been a lot of interest in your peers regarding not just data center, but liquid cooling technologies and data center. You've seen your peers make direct investments in technologies, businesses. Is this something that you all are looking at as well? You've got certainly components that are part of these technologies, but there's a big developing opportunity high growth, and it seemed like it would be a good fit.
George Oliver: Absolutely. We're incredibly well positioned with all of our hyperscaler and colos customers. And from an R&D standpoint, understanding what their next generation is. How do we leverage our -- what we would say is a leadership portfolio with a lot of IP? And then as we go to liquid cooling, with the cooling distribution unit at the end of -- it's still going to require a lot of the cooling technology that we deploy on making sure that we're going to be positioned either producing those units and/or partnering to make sure that we have the full solution and how position with our hyperscalers and colos. And so we see this playing out as an incredible opportunity for us and one that we've been investing in not only in our core technology, but our application of that technology with overall liquid cooling.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Gautam Khanna with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Hi, thanks. Good morning and congrats, George.
George Oliver: Thanks. Good morning, Gautam
Gautam Khanna: I wanted to ask on that CEO search, what -- George, from your perspective, like what kind of attributes are you looking for from whoever succeeds you? What do you think they need to bring?
George Oliver: Well, I mean as we think about the company and the simplification of the company, it's important that we bring a lot of domain expertise and industrial expertise. We're a company that is a product technology company. We're a service company and how we deploy that technology. Certainly, we're solutions in how we actually go to market. So there's a lot of experiences there that we'd be looking for to complement. As we did the Board refreshment with Patrick, just to talk to that a little bit, we are constantly looking for qualified board candidates and how we think about refresh and succession. And Patrick is a fantastic addition, a world-class executive with experience transforming Xylem, and similar experience going from an industrial products company into an advanced technology service solution enterprise. So as we think about CEO succession and the like, obviously, strong operating experience, strong domain experience and the ability to be able to take the incredible foundation that we've built here to the next level, leading the new Johnson Controls.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, guys. And I'll add my congrats to George on the announcement today. Just wanted to ask about orders. So you guys mentioned lumpiness around data center may be contributing to the 5% organic growth this quarter. I guess how do you think about the potential opportunity for order acceleration from here based on what you're seeing in the pipeline today as we try to calibrate expectations for the next few quarters? Thanks.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: As you know, we try to shy away from providing guidance on all those. But what I can tell you is you're absolutely right. We see lumpiness in the orders, particularly coming from the data center vertical. That also means that there's going to going to be a quarter where you're to see very large order, and we continue see an increased pipeline in that particular vertical. That gives us confidence that you will see a pretty large order quarters over the next few coming quarters. This particular last quarter, we have a tough compare year-on-year. We had very solid orders, particularly in the in the data center vertical third quarter of last year. But again, that pipeline remains self, and that lumpiness will probably not go away anytime soon.
George Oliver: And I think just to add on to that, when you look at the value proposition that we bring to data centers with our portfolio multi-technologies, in the way that we've been building out capacity to be able to serve our customers as they achieve their growth, these become multiyear agreements. And so as we're positioning, you can get very large orders multiyear. And that's what we're seeing as we're partnering and making sure that we're positioned to get more than our fair share bringing our technologies and capabilities with the full solution to our customers globally.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question today comes from Brett Linzey with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Brett Linzey: Hi, good morning and congrats to George. Just wanted to come back to the fourth quarter guide. So 19% EBITA margin, I wanted to understand your level of visibility there. Is this something that you're converting out of backlog and you have line of sight to? Just any color towards that 60% incremental margin.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: We absolutely have strong visibility to it. And if you look year-on-year, for sure that 19% looks pretty heavy with 250 to 300 basis points year-on-year improvement. But now if you look at it sequentially, when we went from Q2 to Q3 and Q3 to Q4, jumping from almost 18% 19% is absolutely part of that sequential run rate. The same fundamental we saw from Q2 to Q3 having a strong backlog, having really our book-to-bill business both in the field and our Global Products continuing to driving more volume. And the comments I've made on Global Products and the incredible work that's been done there to take care of the base cost and conversion cost, allowing us to really drive a lot of bottom line benefit for small volume increment, gives us very strong confidence that we can achieve that margin rate in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to George Oliver for any closing remarks.
George Oliver: Thank you, operator, and I'd like to thank the entire Johnson Controls team for their incredibly hard work and dedication in getting us to where we are today. Our transformation into our pure-play provider of comprehensive solutions commercial buildings is substantially complete, and we're well positioned to now deliver long-term sustainable value for our shareholders as a simpler, higher growth company. We know we're on the right path as our strategy is already delivering results, and we are looking forward to this next chapter for our company. I am proud of the growth Johnson Controls has been able to achieve and couldn't be more excited about where we go next. So with that, operator, that concludes our call today.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful rest of the day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Johnson Controls Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please also note today's event is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Jim Lucas, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
James Lucas: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls' Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 Results. The press release and related tables that were issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com.
 Joining me on the call today are Johnson Controls' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver; and Chief Financial Officer, Marc Vandiepenbeeck.
 Before we begin, let me remind you that during our presentation today, we will make forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Please note that we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements even if actual results or future expectations change materially. Please refer to our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of these risks and uncertainties in addition to the inherent limitations of such forward-looking statements.
 We will also reference certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are contained in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to this presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of Johnson Controls' website.
 I will now turn the call over to George. 
George Oliver: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today.
 Let's begin with Slide 3. We were very pleased with our second quarter performance as our adjusted EPS came in at the high end of our guidance. Sales growth returned this quarter following the cyber disruption at the start of the fiscal year, and our team delivered strong margin expansion. This was driven by productivity and conversion of our higher-margin backlog.
 Orders noticeably rebounded in the quarter, up 12% year-over-year. This was driven by continued strength in data centers, which I will talk about in an upcoming slide. Our backlog remained at record levels, growing 10% to $12.6 billion, and the quality of the backlog is strong, as I mentioned.
 Customers continue to come to Johnson Controls because of our ability to deliver attractive outcomes. The fact is our focus on delivering engineered solutions for commercial buildings continues to serve as a differentiator for Johnson Controls, allowing us to deliver unparalleled value.
 With the business performing at a high level, free cash flow continues to improve, and we are taking action to further strengthen our balance sheet. Most recently, we reached a broad settlement with a nationwide class of public water systems related to our AFFF product. Additionally, we announced that we discontinued use of our receivable factoring programs.
 Our efforts are turning into results and the value of our transformation is coming into focus. Going forward, we remain active in pursuing strategic alternatives of certain noncore product lines that do not align with our focus on being a comprehensive solutions provider for commercial buildings.
 While we do not have any updates to provide at this time, we continue to make good progress on the exploration of alternatives for some of these assets. The results from the quarter and the performance of our team give us confidence that we will continue to build momentum into the second half, and we will be able to meet our financial objectives for the year. Marc will discuss these in more detail later in the call.
 Please turn to the next slide. I want to take an opportunity to discuss how we see the composition of our company going forward. The core of Johnson Controls is our engineered solutions offering. These solutions include commercial HVAC controls, fire, security and services. Our solution center around our domain expertise, forming the smart building trifecta of energy-efficient equipment, clean electrification and digitalization.
 We have created one end-to-end operating model that we now have deployed around the globe, which allows us to better serve our customers more efficiently with greater predictability. Our solutions include both systems and services that focus on maximizing the opportunities around the life cycle of the equipment. These solutions are enhanced further by our digitally enabled offerings, which allow us to provide tailored outcomes for the customers which we serve.
 Our systems business begins at the engineering and design phase. It is managed through installation of the project. The systems business is an important vehicle to capture a service event, and we have created a scalable service model that is driving more consistent growth, and that carries higher margins. The service business will continue to be a positive contributor to our long-term margin expansion.
 Our solutions operating model is enabled by connected equipment throughout the building, allowing us to collect data that drives a consistent and enjoyable occupant experience with repeatable outcomes. We create incredible value for our customers, which is clearly demonstrated by our results in the most recent quarter.
 The transformation of our portfolio into a pure-play provider of comprehensive solutions for commercial buildings is an opportunity. Once complete, we will be able to flow additional resources to the most attractive opportunities. Part of our commitment to disciplined capital allocation remains ensuring that we are deploying resources to the right opportunities.
 Turning to the next slide. Johnson Controls plays an important role in serving the rapidly growing data center market. We provide cooling needs for the top hyperscale and colocation data center customers. The demand for data centers is accelerating globally with the next generation of data centers projected to be designed for more than 1 gigawatt of power consumption.
 We have intentionally positioned the company to benefit from this emerging trend due to our relentless innovation efforts and inherent strategic advantages. These include: one, creating leading technologies around a broad range of air-cooled and water-cooled chillers to support the exponential growth in cooling demand. Two, investing in R&D teams and world-class test laboratories to design, build, test and demonstrate performance of equipment over the entire data center operating envelope. Speed is the key, so we are investing to accelerate the pace of innovation.
 And three, creating leading domain expertise to provide complete package solutions that drive outcomes, such as high-efficiency chiller plant, space cooling, critical environmental monitoring, security systems and fire safety and asset protection systems while providing service for the entire life cycle of the asset. Underscoring these advantages is our core identity as a comprehensive solution provider for commercial buildings. This enables us to fulfill more than cooling needs for our customer, which makes us a preferred partner that can expand with our customers across all geographies.
 In fiscal 2023, our sales to data centers were approximately $2 billion. We continue to see solid demand for our solutions, which is evident in our orders. This is reinforced by the fact that our fiscal first half orders for data centers have already surpassed the orders we booked for all of fiscal 2023.
 With orders growing, we have been investing in capacity to be able to execute on our accelerated data center backlog. Our strong presence in data center starts with our advanced chiller technology. Given the amount of heat generated at data centers, our customers are looking for solutions that maintain constant temperatures in even the most extreme environments.
 In addition to chillers, we have extended our offerings with both air-handling units and computer room air handlers. Our cooling solutions continue to advance, and we are working on next-generation technologies to keep up with the growing needs of data centers.
 The case study on this slide was for a 0.5 gigawatt facility that is being expanded now to a full gigawatt. The project included the deployment of our chillers air handlers and just as important, we have secured planned service agreements for all of the chillers.
 Our pipeline for data centers remains very healthy, and we are continuing to expand our capacity to meet the strong demand. We remain excited about the opportunities in this fast-growing vertical and look forward to updating you on our progress in the future.
 Before I turn the call over to Marc to go through the financial details, I want to say how proud I am of the Johnson Controls team. While we faced some challenges in the first fiscal quarter, and we'll continue to navigate a dynamic environment. We delivered on our commitments to our customers to drive value for our shareholders.
 Now with that, I'll turn it over to Marc. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. Let me start with summary on Slide 6. Total revenue of $6.7 billion was flat year-over-year, while organic sales grew 1%, as strong high single-digit service growth more than offset continued weakness in China's system business and declines in the global residential HVAC.
 Segment margins expanded 70 basis points to 14.5% as we delivered strong productivity and converted higher-margin backlog. Adjusted EPS of $0.78 was up 4% year-over-year and at the high end of our guidance range of $0.74 to $0.78. Operations contributed $0.06 of the growth in the quarter benefiting from recover momentum following the cyber incident at the end of our last fiscal year as well as improved productivity.
 Below the line, we saw headwinds from net financing charges due to higher interest rates. Overall, we are pleased with the strong adjusted EPS performance in the quarter.
 On the balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with approximately $800 million of available cash and net debt increased to 2.4x, which is within our long-term target range of 2 to 2.5x.
 For the fiscal first half, excluding the impact of the receivable factoring unwind, adjusted free cash flow improved $166 million year-over-year. As we end the use of factoring, we will continue to focus on further improvements on our core billings and collection capabilities, leading to continued improvement in our cash performance over time. We've also made tremendous progress in reducing our inventory levels and expect further improvements in the second half.
 Let's now discuss our segment results in more details on Slides 7 through 9. Beginning on Slide 7. Organic sales in our Global Products business declined 1% year-over-year, with volume declines offsetting price. We saw low single-digit growth in commercial HVAC, highlighted by mid-teen growth in light commercial. Applied HVAC declined mid-single digits against a tough year-on-year comp.
 Fire & Security declined low single digit against tougher comps as decline in fire suppression more than offset growth in fire detection and security video surveillance. Industrial Refrigeration grew over 25% with another strong quarter in EMEA/LA. Global residential HVAC declined low single digit, driven by low single-digit decline in global ductless residential, primarily in Europe. Our global ducted residential business declined mid-single digits with a mid-single-digit decline in North America, offsetting strength in Latin America.
 Dealer growth is up high double digit with channel inventory normalizing and distributor sell-through continuing to increase. We see momentum building in our North America market. Adjusted segment EBITDA margins expanded 30 basis points to 18.9% as positive price/cost and improved productivity more than offset mix headwinds.
 Moving now to Slide 8 to discuss our Building Solutions performance. All those regained momentum with strong 12% growth in the quarter. Overall, service orders grew 13% with broad-based growth across the regions. Systems orders grew 12% as North America offset declines in EMEA/LA and APAC. Organic sales increased 2% in the quarter, led by service growth of 8%. Systems revenue was down 2% as declines in APAC and EMEA/LA more than offset high single-digit growth in North America. Building Solutions backlog remains at a record level, growing 10% to $12.6 billion. Service backlog grew 3% and systems backlog grew 11% year-on-year.
 Let's discuss the Building Solutions performance by region on Slide 9. Orders in North America increased 19% in the quarter, driven by 26% growth in systems. We continue to experience strong demand in data centers, which led to nearly 50% growth across our HVAC & Controls platform. Fire & Security orders grew low single digits.
 Sales in North America were up 8% organically with strong growth across our HVAC & Controls platform, up mid-teens year-over-year. Overall, our system business grew 9%, while service grew 6%.
 Segment margins expanded 110 basis points year-over-year to 13.6%, driven by the continued execution of higher-margin backlog and strength in our higher-margin service business. Total backlog ended the quarter of $8.9 billion, up 15% year-over-year.
 In EMEA/LA, orders were up 8%, with strong double-digit growth in service, offset by a decline in system to a strong year-over-year compare. Consistent with our strategy, there is an increased focus to drive higher margin into our backlog. Controls had a strong order intake with solid growth in Europe and Latin America.
 Sales in EMEA/LA grew 4% organically with low-teen service growth offsetting a decline of system business predominantly driven by Latin America and Middle East HVAC businesses. Our service business benefited from strong double-digit growth from both the recurring and shorter-cycle transactional businesses.
 Industrial Refrigeration, another solid quarter with low-teen growth year-over-year. Segment EBITDA margin expanded 170 basis points to 8.4%, driven by improved productivity, positive mix from the growth in service and by the conversion of higher-margin systems backlog. Backlog was up 10% year-over-year to $2.4 billion.
 In Asia Pacific, orders declined 9% as we remain selective of the jobs we book into the China system backlog. Overall, APAC service order grew high single digits, driven by high single-digit growth in our recurring contracts. Sales in Asia Pacific declined 23% as the system business was impacted primarily by the continued weakness in China.
 Our service business grew 7% in the quarter with strong growth in our shorter-cycle transactional business. Segment EBITDA margins declined 80 bps to 11% as weakness in China offset positive mix from our service business. Backlog of $1.3 billion declined 18% year-over-year.
 Now let's discuss our third quarter and fiscal year '24 guidance on Slide 10. We enter seasonal strong third quarter with good momentum, evident by our robust order and resilient service. Our margin-rich backlog remains at historical levels. And our Global Products book-to-bill business have stabilized.
 We are introducing third quarter sales guidance of approximately low single-digit growth, which assumes one more quarter of top line pressure in our system business in China. We expect strong contribution from North America and EMEA/LA, especially from the regained momentum in our service business. Global Products is expected to return to growth as our book-to-bill orders remain positive through the second quarter.
 For the third quarter, we expect segment EBITDA margin to be approximately 17% and adjusted EPS to be in the range of $1.05 to $1.10. We are maintaining our full year guide. We expect sales growth of approximately mid-single digit, led by continued momentum in our service business, stabilization in our Global Products and a cautious second half outlook for China.
 Segment margins are expected to expand approximately 50 to 75 basis points through productivity improvement, positive mix from the service business and conversion of a higher-margin backlog. Our adjusted EPS guidance range is unchanged and is expected to be approximately $3.60 to $3.75. The high end of the guide assumes accelerated recovery in China, normalized channel inventory levels in North America resi and service acceleration.
 Excluding the impact of unwinding the receivable factoring, we continue to expect adjusted free cash flow conversion of approximately 85% for the full year. Our working capital metrics continue to improve, supported by our first half performance. In summary, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our financial and operational commitments.
 With that, operator, please open the lines for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And today's first question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. 
C. Stephen Tusa: Can you just maybe talk about was there anything that was pushed from 1Q into 2Q? And then, I guess, looking at the guidance, fourth quarter definitely looks like a step-up here even more so than before. What gives you the confidence even at the lower midpoint to see that kind of ramp from 2 to 3 to 4 at this stage? 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. So in terms of push from Q1 to Q2, we had some orders that did slip due to the cyber incident and the recovery in the momentum. I wouldn't say it's material in terms of what pushed from 1 to 2. There was some smaller ones. But the strength of our orders in Q2 is really coming from the fundamental positive trend we're seeing in our data center business and some other core businesses.
 Now in terms of the guide for the balance of the year and maybe first address third quarter. If you look at the third quarter guidance, we provided over $1.05 to $1.10. We feel very strong about Q3. We regained momentum during the second quarter, and that gives us strong confidence especially when we enter the third quarter.
 All of the short-cycle businesses we've been talking about have seen very strong order during the second quarter and we continue to see that momentum building as we enter the third quarter. And that gives us the confidence that our book-to-bill Global Products businesses, resi business and of course, our business solutions service business will achieve the target we've set for them.
 You know that China is still facing one more quarter of revenue pressure in Q3, but the order momentum there remains very, very strong. And we are really expecting a very strong sequential performance in both EMEA/LA and North America. And so if you think about the guidance about the balance of the year, we're still showing the same range as we did to the prior quarter, even though we created a pretty strong second quarter at the high end of the guide we have provided.
 And if we look at the second half and the balance of the year, what you need to see and what we're expecting to see from a guidance standpoint is the China business will have to accelerate its momentum both on order and on revenue. We would also need to see the resi business with a sequential quarter-over-quarter growth to increase. And you know that business is facing some additional variability associated with the fact that we are switching refrigerant as part of the market change.
 And finally, to achieve the very high end of that guidance, we would have to achieve improved service growth from where we closed the second quarter and where we see the third quarter lending. So -- and Steve, I would also remind you that looking comparatively into the second half, we have much easier comps than we did in the first half. 
C. Stephen Tusa: And then lastly, just any updates on deal timing? 
George Oliver: Yes. So as I said in my prepared remarks, Steve, we are making good progress. As we've said, these businesses are outside the core and represent roughly about 25% of our sales. While they are noncore, they are good businesses that are adding value. So we're remaining focused on maximizing shareholder value. And like I said, pretty much across the board, making good progress. And we'll keep you updated as we continue through with these businesses. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. 
Nigel Coe: Just Marc, I think you just alluded to the warranty add back in Global Products. Maybe just -- could you just maybe just flesh that out a little bit why that wasn't considered operating, why that's a discrete item? And then on the fourth quarter guide, I mean, I think the implication is like low-double-digit organic growth in the fourth quarter to get to that mid-single digits, even the low end of mid-single digits for the full year. So is that the intention? Do you actually see a pathway to low double-digit organic growth, even though it's easier comp and still quite a tough bar. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: So let me start first with the Global Product quality issue, which is really not a warranty issue, it really is a quality issue. The reserve really relates to an anticipated remediation action we need to address in a very recently identified firmware issue within some of our legacy products that are sitting in the field. We are currently testing that firmware update within those device, and we are developing a remediation plan for this particular issue, and we'll announce when we are done with the full remediation.
 There's been no reports of any injuries or damage-related issue with that issue. These kind of problems are very unusual, fairly rare, particularly for field devices like this. Now when it comes to the -- your second part of your question, I'm sorry, I forgot what you asked. 
Nigel Coe: Yes. The low double-digit implied organic sales growth in the fourth quarter. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: We see closer to higher single-digit growth for the balance, to be honest with you. That's improved. 
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then my follow-up question is on the factoring change. Obviously, I think most of us agree that good news to try and clean up the kind of cash generation. Just wondering what other measures you are considering to improve the quality of the free cash flow? And in particular, is there any change in the way that you're sort of approaching the market via JC Capital? 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. So I don't think we're going to change our approach on JC Capital. This is really a tool we have to strengthen our ability to provide value and attach a service and deepen our relationship with customers as we provide like the full suite with the system, the service and then the financing that wraps around that.
 When it comes to our trade working capital, I mean, we had a very strong start of the year. We've improved pretty much every single fundamental there in terms of both receivable management, I would say, as well as our ability to manage our inventory.
 If you look at our cash collection cycle overall and if you exclude the impact of the unwinding of factoring, we improved our cash collection cycle by about 5 days, which we are very happy with that outcome.
 If you look at the guidance we've given for the year on free cash flow conversion, we are maintaining the 85% despite very strong performance in the first half and we see the continuous improvement in our working capital metrics. But you need to understand, we continue to invest in almost attractive organic growth opportunities particularly as we increase capacity to meet the very high demand we see in data center. We are going to be able to make those investments and maintain that 85% conversion but we want to capitalize on that growth we see in the market. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Scott Davis at Melius Research. 
Scott Davis: I just -- I'm looking at the APAC numbers and applied obviously down a fair amount. But fire more flattish -- Fire & Security more flattish. I'm just -- to me, it's -- I would have expected those to be a little bit more correlated. So was there more project selectivity on the applied side? Was that what you were saying, George? I kind of lost the train of thought there for a sec when you were talking about it. 
George Oliver: No. As we're looking at what we're deploying from a solution standpoint, we're looking at each of the domains and then how we differentiate and how we go to market, being able to capture what we see to be the secular trends around data centers in some of these key end markets. And so it's really just based on the backlog that we've had, how it's converting. And then as we're getting more integrated solutions, you'll see where we get more of a broad-based pickup in all of the domains.
 The applied was specifically where in the construction market, as Marc said, we have a big base of business in China. We have the market-leading position. And we've probably seen more of a decline on the commercial side, commercial -- more of the commercial resi side. And so as we have adjusted inventories and as we've been working to now make sure that our resources are allocated more broadly across some of the other verticals, we're starting to see a real strong pipeline to develop. And we're converting that pipeline.
 So as Marc said, through the second half, we'll get back to positive orders as well as positive revenue by the end of the year. So we're confident that we're going to recover that. And then, Scott, in general, just making sure that we're with the differentiated solutions that we are deploying, not only are we getting the share, but then from a service standpoint, getting the attached service also. 
Scott Davis: Okay. That's actually really helpful. And then switching over to data center side. I mean where -- I understand your traditional capabilities and then Silent-Aire gave you, I think it was air-handling capabilities at a higher level. Where are you as far as capabilities at chip-level cooling? And is there anything -- any partnerships that you are forming to address liquid cooling? 
George Oliver: Yes. So let me frame up data centers because it has been obviously a key area for us as we've been deploying our resources, investing over the last few years because we saw this coming. I'd say that we are well positioned with the cooling technologies and solutions and a lot of that is working directly with each of the key hyperscalers and colos. 
 Now we are partnering with them, understanding from a technology deployment how does that cooling technology then get deployed at the chip and depending on how these are going to be configured. So we're making sure that only with our -- not only with our innovation and investment it's complemented with what we're doing and how we go to market to serve their needs. So we've got the right capacity to meet the increased demand.
 And like we said earlier, we're providing more than just chillers. So as we go in with our customers, we've got strong capabilities across air handlers as well as crawls and now we're including the full solution, including controls, building controls, fire and security.
 Now as you look at the -- how these data centers are being designed for the future, they're going to be over a gigawatt of power consumption. They're going to need a wide range of air cooled and water cooled to support the exponential growth to support as well as then how it's deployed from a liquid cooling standpoint. So not only are we innovating with hyperscalers and colos on making sure that we are partnering with the right application of our cooling technology that ultimately delivers the most amount of efficiency.
 And I would say, Scott, that the investments we've made with R&D and with the world-class laboratories that when we design, build, test and demonstrate performance of the equipment over the entire data center operating envelope, we've engaged almost 100% of the data center operators and working very closely with them, not only with how we differentiate the solution, but as important, as Marc said, we've been investing in making sure we've got the right capacity with the right technology to ultimately be able to support the demand.
 We're projecting right now when I said our orders in the first half exceeded all of fiscal year 2023 orders for data centers. And we have a pipeline that continues to support that type of growth. So we've been adding capacity to meet this demand. And I believe we are positioned to see some of these forecasts that projects potentially 50-plus percent growth over the next few years, and we're positioning to be able to serve that. And so I think that is what gives us confidence as we get through the year. We see continued strength in orders. And then as we set up for '23, a good visibility into -- I mean, '25 good visibility in our ability to be able to continue that trend. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo. 
Joseph O'Dea: Marc, just a couple of clarifications to start. First, in terms of the quality issue and confidence that there are not kind of additional reserves going forward. Anything from a time line to remediate? And then secondly, just related to your answer to Nigel's question, when you're saying high single-digit implied growth, was that a back half of '24 comment? Or was that a fourth quarter comment? 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: It was a fourth quarter comment, just to clarify. On the quality, we're early in the process. These, again, are very unusual. At this stage, we don't expect anything additional, but we are still reviewing how we are going to develop and deploy that firmware fix. And generally, we're able to resolve those issues fairly quickly within a couple of quarters. So it's not something that's going to drag along for years on because it's critical for us to fix those pretty quickly. 
Joseph O'Dea: Got it. And then I wanted to ask on Global Products and the applied organic down mid-single digits, the Light Commercial up mid-teens. And when we look kind of a year ago, both had pretty challenging comps. And so just any additional color on the difference in those organic trends in the quarter, regional or otherwise? 
George Oliver: I would say across our applied, I mean, when you look at I mean both whether it be direct or indirect, and we have a much higher mix as we're differentiating our solutions, our Commercial Solutions business. When you look at the overall applied volume on a 2-year stack, we're up over 20%. And the pipeline right now that we're building is extremely strong because of the secular trends that we're addressing, which is the data center expansion and a lot of the industrial expansion as well as a focus on sustainability. So we've been positioning our technologies globally, regionally to be able to get more than our fair share. And I think we're positioned to continue to see that trend. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. 
Julian Mitchell: Sorry to be a bore, but just to sort of try and circle back to the second half assumptions for a second. So I think the segment margin is guided around sort of 17.5% in Q4 and you just did 14.5%. So maybe help us understand that 300 bps uplift is there anything by segment that stands out or they're all up a healthy amount?
 And just there's a bunch of questions on China and APAC. So just to understand, for the year as a whole, what's the APAC Building Solutions' revenue expected to be down? I think it was down 22% in the first half. So what's the full year assumption for that APAC BS revenue change, please? 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. So first on the second half and you're directionally correct on Q4 segments. Again, our expectation there and where that margin comes from is really driven by 3 things: the improvement in our mix associated with the growth in our service business. As you know, the service business is much, much more profitable than our system business. It's the volume increase we are seeing both in our residential business as well as our book build business, where orders have been progressing well throughout the second quarter and as we enter the third quarter.
 That volume provides a benefit in terms of absorption and productivity within our manufacturing and provides good leverage and allows us to get there. And then we've addressed our base cost earlier in the year, and we set ourselves up for the ability to leverage the P&L a little bit better than we've been able historically, and that's why we are comfortable at where we are.
 Now for the full year on Asia Pac, I would say if you look at where we've guided, we're assuming a mid-teen negative growth for the full year and the sequential growth that you can see will therefore be positive in the fourth quarter in order to obtain that weighted average performance for the full fiscal year '24. 
Julian Mitchell: That's a very clear answer. And then just my second question, just to understand that data center exposure a little bit better. I think George, you gave a very clear explanation of the products and the focus points for JCI. But in terms of sort of revenue, the $2 billion of sales you mentioned, George, I think that's a 2023 number, is it? And just to understand maybe any sense of how those sales split across kind of HVAC, BMS and Fire & Security? 
George Oliver: So I mean when we look at the $2 billion, that's -- that was the 2023, as you said. And then we're obviously seeing a significant pickup on that this year. So as we said, for the first half, we're already at the level that we were all of last year. Now a significant amount of that is being driven by the cooling technologies across our not only our air cool, water cool but also the application of Silent-Aire. So we've got a good pick up there.
 What we're doing is making sure that as we're working with the hyperscalers and colos that we're now going to market in more of an integrated solution that ultimately creates a lot more value in how that solution is put into service. So you can imagine with all of the technology integration that we've been having with these providers, it is really differentiating what we're actually doing.
 And so -- and we've already seen a big pickup in air handling and crawls and now we're seeing the pickup in building controls and then more recently, now fire. So you're going to start to see a more broad portfolio that ultimately is going to be delivered through those solutions. And then what's important is that we're getting all of that connected and ultimately put into service. So the ability to be able to then provide service through the life cycle. So we're making really good progress here, Julian. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. 
Noah Kaye: You mentioned need to see services growth acceleration in the back half as part of the key to getting to the high end of the guidance. I mean it was up 13% right, in terms of orders in 2Q. What kind of acceleration do we need to see? And what's your visibility to that? 
George Oliver: Well, what we need to see is where we were. I mean we were pacing high single digits pretty consistently in the last couple of years when the cyber incident hit in the first quarter, that really set us back -- set the momentum back because it hit a number of our systems that ultimately execute not only from orders, but ultimately, how we fulfill service. So we are regaining the momentum as we said.
 Across the globe, I would say we're executing well on that strategy, recovering from that lost momentum. Obviously, the focus that we have in becoming a commercial solution, building solutions provider is now being able to leverage our entire installed base, being able to differentiate the outcomes that we can deliver on maximizing the value over the life cycle for our customers.
 And then the way we were the most impacted was North America, and that's our largest geography. We did make progress in Q2. That's continuing, and we're going to see that continue to accelerate Q3 and Q4. And then we get back to really strong sustained high single-digit, double-digit service growth on a go-forward basis. You might -- Marc talked about this on EMEA/LA and APAC, we've already recovered. We're already back seeing double-digit orders and growth in EMEA/LA, and we see accelerating orders in Asia Pac. So it's a matter of just the time line and our ability to be able to get that same momentum back in North America. 
Noah Kaye: I think you mentioned in the remarks that applied and controls orders in North America were up 50%, nearly 50%. So please confirm that. How concentrated was that in data center given the focus or whether it's more broad based? 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. So that 50% was around HVAC applied as well as control for North America, North America in terms of orders this quarter. So a very, very strong momentum. A lot of it came from that data center, some of the key colos and key hyperscale are accelerating their orders. But what's also incredible to see is the pipeline continued to grow even after a lot of orders are coming in. So we think that momentum is going to continue building, and we are very comfortable about achieving those targets. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: George or Marc, can you update us on your progress in terms of improving your margin in EMEA/LA? I know you've talked about all the changes you made in terms of project selection. Would you say your progress in line with what you expected? And what's your confidence level that margin should reach double digits by the end of the year? 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: No. Good question, Andy. So first, I want to start by saying we are pleased with the performance in EMEA/LA in the second quarter. While it's not yet at par with the regional peers, the rapid progress we made both on backlog growth and margin in such a short period of time is a testament to the transformation and the application of that one end-to-end operating model George was talking about. I'm very proud of what the regional and functional teams have been able to achieve by leveraging further that integrated global business solutions operating model.
 And as you look at the balance of the year, we have 2 strong tailwinds in EMEA/LA. The first one is, we see a continued strong mix that is provided by the robust growth in service you saw in Q2. And the second one, we continue to improve the order margin rates that are coming in our backlog. And that's really coming from an improved go-to-market strategy we talked about as well as better commercial discipline. These 2 factors combined with the fact that we've rightsized our base cost structure provide us with great visibility to achieve double-digit segment margin and maintain it there towards the end of the year. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: And then George, I just want to follow up on your commentary regarding your pipeline of opportunities in China. It seems like maybe you're undergoing more of a transformation from, call it, traditional commercial markets there to nontraditional markets. I don't know if that's a fair characterization, but maybe you could comment on that. But you also sound confident regarding an order of sales recovery by the end of the year. So maybe you could elaborate on the risk that the recovery could slip. 
George Oliver: Yes. So a year ago, as we were rebuilding up to the second wave of cyber, there was a hole, and we were rebuilding our volume there and rebuilding inventory. And if you look at year-on-year in Q1 and Q2, there was a ramp last year. And obviously, we have a tough compare to that. What I would tell you is we are broad-based. So we're not just in the commercial resi, but it's we're in broad-based all of the end markets. What I would tell you, market back, we know where the opportunities are, how we're positioning, how we're deploying each of our technologies and differentiating the solutions we go to market. We're back really building, so building not only a very strong pipeline, but we're converting at historical rates as far as how we're converting to orders.
 And so that is what gives us confidence that with the backlog we're building, it's going to -- as it converts here, third and fourth quarter and then the revenue that really we get back to on a positive basis by the end of the year. We're very bullish on the business. It's -- we've got a great product. We've got a great facility there. And it's just making sure that as we reset with the inventory build that we had last year that were reset to where the market is going to be and ultimately how we capitalize on more than our share. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. 
Joseph Ritchie: So I have a couple of quick clarifying questions. Just the $33 million product liability charge that you took this quarter, just a product quality charge you took this quarter, like what portion of your product portfolio is that actually touching? Just again, I just want to get some comfort around ring-fencing that number.
 And then also on the factoring program, what -- how should we be thinking about the impact from factoring through the remainder of the year? 
George Oliver: On the product, Joe, that's in our fire detection business. It's a sensor that ultimately, as Marc said, firmware in a sensor that the legacy product as far as when we look at all the products that's being produced today, it's totally compliant. So it's making sure based on what we've seen with a couple of failures, making sure that we're addressing that in the legacy product. And as Marc talked about, that's how we kind of estimated what that potential could be. And we're going to be disciplined in how we actually go about remediating that. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: On the factoring and the finance charges, yes, the unwind of the factoring will provide some benefit in the balance of the year. What's offsetting part of that is the PFAS settlement. As you know, we are going to settle $750 million for the half, as well as slightly higher interest rate environment than we had originally anticipated. But I think the factoring and the cost benefit that it provides gives us confidence that our guidance is at the right level. 
Joseph Ritchie: Got it. Okay. That's both helpful clarifications. And then my other question was really just around the -- what's happening with Global Products mix going forward because it seems like the guidance is baking in a pretty good improvement in Global Products margins. And I'm just curious, like is global products expected to turn mix positive in the second half? I know it was a headwind this quarter. Just any color on that would be helpful. 
George Oliver: When you look at Global Products historically, when you're in a more stable environment year-on-year, I mean, last year, we had a tough year because as we were really working down backlog and have built up with all of the supply chain disruption. And then when lead times went back to normal, obviously, we were a shortfall of orders and orders coming in through the year. As Marc said, we're back to normal flow of orders to fulfillment. We've got our lead times down back to where they were. And so we're seeing good flow, right, from market demand, orders, building backlog and then converting.
 On the margin side, you can imagine when we were disrupted, there was significant cost with that disruption. And so we have been significantly improving the productivity as we've recovered. Now with normal flow and stability, we're getting significant conversion cost productivity. And then with the continued volume increase on the conversion in the second half, that will lever really nicely in the second half from a margin standpoint.
 And then what we've done across the company as we went through this cycle, we've taken out significant G&A. And so as we've addressed that across the board and gone to one operating system, we're going to start to see much better leverage on our G&A structure. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: And then I would add on mix. What you saw in the quarter, that negative mix of $80 million Global Products really came from the volume challenge we saw in APAC, that really led to an under absorption Global Products. Outside of that, the general mix of the product is neutral to the margin Global Products. What you get is really the lift, George just talked about. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research. 
Jeffrey Sprague: A couple of questions, obviously, on the Q4 guide. And I know there's kind of some squiggles around the growth rates and everything. But it does seem to me that if Q3 is a low single-digit organic growth and Q4 is high single digit 8% or 9% and the year is closer to 3%. So maybe just address that, is that kind of what you're thinking you're kind of progressing towards the very low bound of what we might call mid-single digit for the year? 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: I mean I would think of Q4 in the teens, 10% of the growth. And I think you're right, there's a step function change between Q3 and Q4 from a growth standpoint. But I don't think it's that challenge if you see the momentum we see in orders. 
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay. So just to clarify that, as somebody asked you if it was low double digits, and then you said high single digits, but now you're saying low double digits. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: High single digit to attain the midpoint of where we are guiding. To get to the high end, you would need that 10% growth rate in Q4. 
Jeffrey Sprague: I see. Okay. And what was the nature of the goodwill charge in the quarter? 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: That goodwill relates to an impairment charge we took on our subscriber business. That subscriber business sits within our EMEA/LA segment. And it came really from a combination of small actual result delta versus an internal forecast we had but it was mostly associated over time the effect that the Argentinian peso had in the mix of results of that particular business. Then I'll remind you that, that impairment is noncash in terms of what the charge relate to. And it has absolutely no impact on our ability to deliver free cash flow for the balance of the year. 
Jeffrey Sprague: And then just a really quick follow-up just on cash. So the PFAS settlement you're expecting to go out the door here before the end of the year, and are you expecting any insurance recoveries against that in 2024? Or that's more of a kind of protracted negotiation with your insurers? 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. The PFAS settlement will be in 2 tranche. The first tranche coming shortly and the second tranche later in the year. I do not want to speculate on the timing of the recovery of the cash from the insurance. I would tell you we have significant insurance with about 20 insurers. We are doing everything we can to recover as much as we can. We have a line of sight of recovering a very material portion of the settlement. But at this stage, I'm not being able to pin down an exact time line on that recovery. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Gautam Khanna with TD Cowen. 
Gautam Khanna: I had a couple of questions on the divestments. First, I was curious if you could characterize the level of interest from potential seaters. If you could talk about maybe the aggregate tax basis. And if you could also speak to any potential dis-synergies and if you have any quantification of that, that would be helpful. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: I mean I don't want to overspeculate on exactly where we stand. What I'll tell you is that there's different combination of divestiture structure that we are looking at, and we are simply trying to optimize shareholder value and our ability to return a very large portion of that, the proceeds associated with the divestiture back to shareholders. The divestiture will require like any material divesture for us to take action around our base cost and our central cost of operating. We have good line of sight to action that. We've already started planning around it. 
Gautam Khanna: Can you speak to the timing or the tax basis of the assets, so we can... 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: At this stage, it would be very hard for me to pin ourselves down on the timing. We're doing everything to accelerate the process. Depending on how we structure the divestiture, the tax effect will be very different. So at this stage, that's giving you a very wide range of the different options that are being considered from a divestiture of structure, I don't think would be helpful. But again, we're doing everything to maximize shareholder value here. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Deane Dray at RBC Capital. 
Deane Dray: I just want to take another pass at this -- the Page 5 data center exhibit, which is terrific. And especially the pie chart at the bottom that does show all the different products and services that JCI offers. And it goes back to Julian's question, it would be really helpful, just really rough size some of these categories. So if I said cooling and group chiller, space, cooling and monitoring as 1 bucket and then fire and security is the other 2. Would rough numbers be 60% cooling and then 20% each for fire and security? Would that be the right neighborhood? 
George Oliver: Yes, I would say it's about -- it's in the range where about 2/3 would be chillers, and the others would be -- air handling would be crawls, would be fire and security, all of the other systems that ultimately support the deployment of the cooling technologies. 
Deane Dray: Great. That's really helpful. And just I think a lot of people think of the security side, just the 3 levels of access that most of these data centers have. But if you look at just about every row of these data center rooms, there are cameras and fire suppression on every row. So this is part of your offering, correct? 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: It's absolutely part of the offering and those very complex solutions. We are really set up with our engineering and our product offering to really leverage that market. And that's where we see the pipeline continuously growing as the complexity and the structure of those data center continue to increase. 
George Oliver: And Deane, I think it's important to note also from a service standpoint, when you go to one of these sites and you see the installations and all of the equipment, both across the domains, what is really strong is our footprint, providing the service. And so how our teams then are positioned to support all of these large facilities that are being put up. And so that's where we see significant opportunity to be able to deploy our system so that then from a life cycle standpoint, we have the domain and expertise deployed to be able to support these large operations. 
Deane Dray: Terrific. And just one last quick one for Marc. I know it's still early, but when would be the earliest we might hear some reset working capital metric targets? 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: I think we're still early stage. As you mentioned, we are looking at next year and where we're going to deploy our resources from a growth standpoint. I think as we close Q4, we'll probably be able to give you a strong view on where we are going to land for next year as well as our long-term algo. But I don't think we'll shy away from the comment I made last time that 85% to 90% free cash flow conversion plus, although the long term is really where we should be thinking. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Andrew Obin with Bank of America. 
Andrew Obin: Just a question. We're looking at macro data and it seems that labor inflation is picking up back again. How are you guys thinking about your contract structure, particularly on the installation side? In the face of inflation, are you sort of giving any thought -- you've clearly cleaned up the balance sheet was factoring. This is great. Are you guys giving any thought about sort of resetting the contract structure to maybe adjust for the fact that we -- in a higher inflation, labor inflation environment for longer? I know it's a big, long question, but I would love to hear your thoughts. 
George Oliver: No. What I would say is when we went through that high inflationary period, obviously, that exposed a lot of our weakness because we were in a low-inflationary period for so long. We've built very robust pricing and costing pricing, and then from a selling standpoint, focusing on value. And so as we plan long term now, we're factoring in. We're, from a costing standpoint, anticipating higher than level -- higher than the kind of the market forecast on inflation.
 So we've been factoring that in and then making sure we have contracts that ultimately gives us the opportunity to be able to recover longer term on some of the longer-term contracts. So we've been -- and that's been deployed across the globe. What I would say, we have very robust pricing, costing as we do deal reviews and making sure that we're going to be positioned to be able to achieve the margin rate that we're booking. So we're now in a situation where we're booking much higher margins, and then we're executing at or above those margins on a go-forward basis. And that's a big deal. And that's a big part of our -- in our solutions business, our ability to be able to deliver stronger margins going forward. 
Andrew Obin: Great. And then just a follow-up question. If we look at the bookings on data center, clearly got a lot of attention, growing 50% plus. What's happening? You guys have kindly provided a very nice pie chart of your end market breakout. Can you just highlight what else is doing well? And if there are any headwinds within your key end market verticals on applied? 
George Oliver: I mean what I would say it's broad based. When you look at our applied business, right from -- and we have the full portfolio of technology, whether it be water-cooled chillers, air-cooled chillers which obviously is focused on data centers. The Silent-Aire packaged cooling solutions that we deploy.
 So when you look at what we see, it's not only data centers but it's the industrial expansion that we see pretty much globally. It's education. It's been some government. And more important, there's a broad-based demand addressing some of the challenges that our customers are having, achieving their sustainability goals.
 And so we can go in and ultimately package a solution. And then with that, be able to get significant savings that actually then, in some cases, get a decent payback. And so it's broad-based in our applied business across end markets. Certainly, data centers is a key driver. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Commercially, Europe, I made a comment in the opening remarks around industrial refrigeration growing really fast. There's multiple pockets of the market that are growing, probably not as fast as what we're seeing in data center, which is really unprecedented and continue to see that pipeline growing, but we see pipeline growth across the board. 
George Oliver: Across the board. And then what we've learned is technology wins. And so we've been investing multiyear in our technology differentiation. And as we're applying that into the key verticals, that's what ultimately is delivering the value. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Steve Volkmann with Jefferies. 
Stephen Volkmann: Just a couple of real big picture questions for me. First one, you talked about some investments in, I guess, product development, et cetera, but also some capacity. Is there any reason to think there'd be a step change in that as we go to next year? In other words, are there some projects that kind of get done? Or is that a good run rate? 
George Oliver: When you look at our reinvestment, and we've been talking about this for multi-years, applied, when we look at our applied cooling, we're a significant leader in that space across the globe, and we've been investing in multigenerational technologies. And if you would go to our technology center in New York, Pennsylvania, our JADEC center, you would see that. So we've been significantly elevated reinvestment over the last number of years, which has ultimately positioned us with the competitive advantage we have today in data centers. So that's going to continue.
 And then on the capacity side, certainly, we've -- from an investment standpoint, we've been -- we've got great factories across the globe and then now we've been scaling those factories to be able to now support this data, what's being driven by data centers, but the data center demand.
 And so we saw it coming. We saw it coming 2 years ago and we started that expansion. But obviously, that has accelerated over the last 12 months. And we're strategically engaged with each one of the hyperscalers and colos and understanding exactly what is going to be built here, multi-years, and we're positioning to make sure we have the right -- as I said earlier, the right technologies with the right capacity to then be able to support their build out. And so all of that has been factored in our current run rate of reinvestment. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to George Oliver for closing remarks. 
George Oliver: Yes. Let me wrap up. I want to thank everyone for joining us today, and I'd like to end the call by highlighting the strong foundation of operational excellence at Johnson Controls and our value creation framework. I think we demonstrated with the disruption in Q1. And then as we've now come back and created momentum in Q2, gives us a lot of confidence that we're beginning to see not only the results, but now more important, the opportunity to be able to accelerate here as we go forward.
 Our results demonstrate that we're both capturing the secular trends around sustainability and healthy buildings and that we do have the right strategy and operating system in place that ultimately not only meets our customers' needs as a preferred partner, but certainly elevates the ability to be able to create returns for our shareholders. So we are very excited about what is to come and what we see now playing out. We believe that we are poised to continue creating value for our shareholders, and we all look forward to continuing engaging with all of you here over the next days and weeks as we continue to execute.
 So with that, operator, that concludes our call. 
Operator: Thank you, sir. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful evening. Thank you.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Johnson Controls First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After todays presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jim Lucas, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jim Lucas: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls' first quarter fiscal 2024 results. The press release and related tables that were issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. Joining me on the call today are Johnson Controls' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver; Chief Financial Officer, Olivier Leonetti; and newly appointed Chief Financial Officer, Marc Vandiepenbeeck. Before we begin, let me remind you that during our presentation today, we will make forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Please note that we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements even if the actual results or future expectations change materially. Please refer to our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of these risks and uncertainties in addition to the inherent limitations of such forward-looking statements.  We will also reference certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are contained in the schedules attached to our press release, and in the appendix of this presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of Johnson Controls website. I will now turn the call over to George.
George R. Oliver: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Now let's begin with Slide 3. We are gaining momentum as we exit the first quarter. Our team has been unbelievable in managing through the recent cyber disruption which occurred early in the quarter. While it is challenging to comprehensively quantify the overall business impact as we recovered from the incident, we are back on track. In fact, over the course of the last 120 days since the cyber incident, we have connected with many of our key customers, solidifying already strong relationships and strengthening their trust and confidence in Johnson Controls. It is clear from their feedback that our value proposition continues to resonate, and customers believe in our products and services.  As we enter the new calendar year we are seeing positive signs. During the quarter, we delivered solid first quarter results, generally in line with our forecast. The fundamentals of our business are strong as we met expectations for sales, margins, and adjusted EPS in the face of headwinds from the cyber disruption, ongoing weakness in global residential HVAC, and significant slowing in China. Olivier will discuss the details of our financials more specifically later in the call.  Looking forward, we expect fiscal 2024 to return to more normalized seasonality in our businesses and the operating environment to be more in line with what we saw prior to the pandemic and recent supply chain disruptions. Our position of building a leading digital building solutions platform continues to be core to our strategy, and we are pleased with the strength of our applied HVAC business, especially as we serve the fast growing data center market. We are updating our fiscal 2024 guidance today, reducing the full year adjusted EPS range by $0.05, reflecting growing headwinds in China. Our commercially focused portfolio and long cycle backlog driven businesses, in addition to our record backlog, gives us more clarity of improvement as fiscal 2024 progresses.  Before we continue, I would like to take the time to thank Olivier for his partnership over the last few years, and wish him the best of luck in the next chapter of his career. When Olivier informed me that he was taking a role outside the company, we implemented our internal succession plan, and I am very pleased that Marc Vandiepenbeeck is assuming the role of CFO. Marc has been with Johnson Controls for nearly 20 years, with increasing responsibility in finance roles, including CFO of Building Solutions North America. Last year, we moved Marc into an operating role as President of EMEALA. Marc brings deep finance expertise and understanding of our customers, global markets, and operational knowledge. I am confident that we will continue to build on the foundations already in place, and I look forward to partnering with Marc in his new role.  Now turning to Slide 4, I'd like to highlight the strong foundation of operational excellence at Johnson Controls and our value creation framework. We are capturing the secular trends across sustainable and healthy buildings. We have the right strategy and operating system in place to create value for our shareholders and as part of our commitment to disciplined capital allocation, we remain focused on deploying resources to the right opportunities. Our team has made great progress the last two years, creating a digital services model, and our investments have been a key enabler. The addition of FM Systems gave us increased capabilities to serve our customers as they improve their workplace environments.  Digital is a strong enabler to creating recurring revenue, retaining customers, and supporting higher sustainable service growth rates. Within service we are changing the game from deploying a mechanical contractor to creating multiple options for our customers. We are increasing job size, improving margins, and creating scalable solutions. In addition, we are maximizing value creation through digitally enabled offerings and accelerating our life cycle solutions entitlements across all of our domains. Our team's model has a strong foundation and we will continue to accelerate the pace of change. At the same time, we have successfully removed many layers of cost across the organization. But we know there is more work to be done. We serve an incredible market, and it is on us to capitalize on the opportunities in front of us. We will continue to simplify and standardize across our portfolio.  As we continue to focus on simplifying the company, we are always assessing opportunities to advance our transformation into a comprehensive solutions provider for commercial buildings. As part of the continuous evaluation of our portfolio, we are in the early stages of pursuing strategic alternatives of our non-commercial product lines, in line with our objective to maximize value to our shareholders. We are very excited about our future and are confident we are on the right path to simplify our portfolio, drive margin expansion, deliver consistent cash flow, while serving our customers in the best possible way. I will now turn the call over to Olivier to go through the financial details of the quarter. Olivier.
Olivier C. Leonetti: Thanks, George and good morning, everyone. Let me start with the summary on Slide 5. As George discussed at the beginning of the call, our team did an incredible job responding to the cyber incident. The disruptions we experienced during the quarter were factored into the guidance we provided last month. Total revenue of $6.1 billion was flat year-over-year, while organic sales were down 1% as continued declines in global residential HVAC and accelerated weakness in China's in-store business more than offset mid-single digit growth in service and continued growth in applied HVAC.  Segment margins declined 90 basis points to 12.8%, impacted by tough comps in our shorter cycle global products business, coupled with ongoing weakness in China's macro environment. Adjusted EPS of $0.51 exceeded our guidance of $0.48 to $0.50 as we return to more normalized seasonality. The quarter was impacted by lost momentum from the cyber incident, accelerated weakness in China, and tough comps in our global products business. Below the line, we saw headwinds from net financing charges due to higher interest rates and increased debt levels in line with historical trends.  On the balance sheet we ended the first quarter with approximately $1.8 billion in available cash and net debt increased to 2.2 times, which is within our long-term target range of 2 to 2.5 times. The elevated cash position was a direct result of positive action to mitigate the potential impacts of the cyber incident on cash flow. Adjusted free cash flow improved $180 million year-over-year, and we anticipate further improvement as we progress through the fiscal year.  Let's now discuss our segment results in more detail in Slide 6 through 8. Beginning on Slide 6, organic sales in our global products business declined 1% year-over-year, with volume declines offsetting price. Global products saw continued strength in commercial HVAC, which grew low single digits after growing low double digits in the comparable period one year ago. We have been investing in our applied HVAC business for the last couple of years, deploying resources to align to more attractive opportunities, resulting in further share gains in calendar 2023. Fire and Security declined low single digits. We believe that the majority of the tough year-over-year comparisons in the shorter cycleandric [ph] business have bottomed out, and we should see a return to growth in calendar 2024.  Industrial refrigeration had another strong quarter, growing over 35%, driven by EMEALA. Global residential declined high single digits driven by greater than 20% decline in North America which more than offset low single digit growth in the rest of the world. North America continues to face market softness and we believe we have one more quarter with these challenges before the industry begins to see growth in the second half of the year. We're improving our North America market share and see momentum building.  Despite ongoing weaknesses in the European heat pump market, rest of world benefited from strong growth in Japan. Our book to bid business continues to normalize with improved lead times and our global product third-party backlog decreased 10% from the prior year to $2.3 billion. Adjusted segment ABA margins declined 240 basis points to 17.9% as we benefited from insurance proceeds from a warehouse fire in the comparable period last year. We are beginning to see better cost absorption in our factory and expect global products margins to improve throughout the rest of the fiscal year.  Moving to Slide 7 to discuss building solutions performance. Orders increased 1% as mid-single digit order growth in North America and EMEALA was more than offset by greater than 30% decline in APAC, which was primarily the result of further deterioration of the China-installed business. As the China real estate market continues to weaken and the outlook remains mixed, we have begun to optimize our go-to-market strategy and have become more selective in the business we pursue. Organic sales were flat in the quarter against a tougher comparison of low double-digit growth in the prior year quarter. Install declined mid-single digits and more than offset mid-single digit growth in service. Segment margins declined 10 basis points as accelerated weakness in China offset positive mix in the quarter. Building Solutions backlog remains at record levels, growing 7% to $12.1 billion. Service backlog is flat and installed backlog grew 8% year-over-year.  Let's discuss the building solutions performance by region on Slide 8. Orders in North America increased 6% as we continue to see strong demand across our HVAC and controls platform, growing high single digits following heightened growth in the comparative period a year ago. Overall, there was broad-based demand in our healthcare, data center, government, and education sectors. Install orders increased 9% year-over-year with solid growth in both new construction and retrofit. Sales in North America were up 4% organically with strong growth across our HVAC and controls platform up low-teens year-over-year. Our Install business grew 4% with continued momentum in new construction up over 25% year-over-year.  Organic sales in service grew 4% in a quarter, benefiting from high single digit growth in our recurring revenue contracts. Segment margins expanded 20 basis points year-over-year to 11.5%, driven by the continued execution of higher margin backlog and strength in our higher margin service business. Total backlog ended the quarter at $8.4 billion, up 11% year-over-year. In EMEALA, orders were up 5% with continuous strength in service up 12%. Demand in institutional gained momentum in the quarter, growing 50% year-over-year, driven by public projects in Europe. Industrial refrigeration had another strong quarter with greater than 45% growth.  Sales in EMEALA grew 2% organically, led by high single-digit growth in service with high single-digit growth from our recurring contracts and strong double-digit growth in our shorter-cycle transactional business. Applied commercial HVAC and Fire and Security grew low single digits within the quarter. Segment EBITDA margins of 7.7% remained flat as the growth in service was offset by the conversion of lower margin installed backlog. We anticipate strong margin expansion in EMEALA through the remainder of the fiscal year. Backlog was up 10% year-over-year to $2.4 billion.  In Asia-Pacific, as I mentioned earlier, orders declined 31% due to further deterioration of the China-installed business and were being more strategic in the deals we select. Overall, APAC-severed orders grew low single digits, driven by high single digit growth in our shorter-term transactional business. Sales in the Asia Pacific declined 21% as the installation business was impacted primarily by accelerated weakness in China. Our service business grew 5% in the quarter. The weakness in China's installed business was broad based across the overall portfolio with HVAC and controls down high-teens and Fire and Security down 20%. Segment EBITDA margins declined 140 basis points to 9.1% as weakness in China offset positive mix in our service business. Backlog of $1.3 billion declined 21% year-over-year. I would now like to turn the call over to Marc to discuss our second quarter and fiscal year 2024 guidance. Marc? 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Thank you, Olivier, and good morning, everyone. Before I discuss our guidance on Slide 9, I want to say how excited I am for the opportunity to partner with George as we simplify and transform Johnson Controls into a comprehensive solution provider for commercial buildings. We exited our first quarter with a cyber-incident behind us and the momentum we lost at the start of the year has recovered. We entered the second quarter with a backlog that remains at historical levels, a healthy pipeline of opportunities, and strong momentum in our industry-leading service business. We are introducing second quarter sales guidance of approximately flat year-on-year, which assume continued weakness in China and global residential HVAC. We expect strong contribution from North America and EMEALA, led once again by our resilient service business.  As we return to seasonality more in line with historical patterns, global product has one more challenging quarter before stabilizing in the second half. For the second quarter, we expect segment EBITDA margin to be approximately 14.5%, and adjusted EPS to be in the range of $0.74 to $0.78. For the full year, we continue to expect the top-line growth of mid-single digit led by stronger performance in North America, further improvement in EMEALA, stabilization in global products, and a cautious outlook on China. We expect segment EBITDA margin to expand approximately 50 to 75 basis points for the full year, as price costs remain positive and mix continue to improve throughout the year.  As George mentioned earlier in the call, given the weakening macro outlook in China, we are updating our adjusted EPS guidance range to approximately $3.60 to $3.75. The overall guide assumes a return to normal seasonality, second-half stabilization of global products, and a conversion of higher margin backlog in Building Solutions. We continue to expect adjusted free cash flow conversion of approximately 85% for the full year. The improvement we saw in cash flow for the start of the year demonstrate that our working capital improvement are gaining momentum. With that, operator, please open up the lines for questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And today's first question comes from Scott Davis with Melius Research. Please go ahead. 
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning. Good morning, guys. Can you hear me okay, hopefully? 
George R. Oliver: Yeah, good morning, Scott. Can you hear us? 
Scott Davis: Yeah, fine. Thanks. George, I think it's been a tough couple quarters. Maybe if we take a step backwards, what do you think long-term this portfolio, the growth rate and margin levels and the cash generation, what is kind of your, I don't want to call it dare to dream, but what is the vision of where you think you can get two, three, four years down the road when in a more normalized environment? 
George R. Oliver: Yeah, so let me start, Scott, by just saying that, as you know we've been through a significant transformation here into becoming a comprehensive solutions provider for commercial buildings. And then as part of that, continuing to focus on how do we transform the business model and how we bring our differentiated solutions to our customers in the commercial space. And so, as you look at what we've been doing, we're well-positioned to invest and lead in the overall building solution space, capitalizing on significant secular trends, sustainable buildings, smart, healthy buildings. We've been allocating our resources and building out the capabilities. When you look at the content of how we differentiate the solutions, it's not only through the leadership of the product, the applied product and continued investment that we're making in product, but also now deploying those products with a leadership platform with Open Blue that we believe is going to now lead the industry. And that all is converting into how we change the outcomes for the customers that we serve. And that's through our engineered commercial solutions and converting what we do within building solutions to a digitally enabled service.  So when you look at the margin structure as we go forward, not only are we getting a more focused approach to the differentiation with the value proposition right from engineering through install to then ultimately getting the life cycle services. When you project the overall performance going forward, we believe that from a growth standpoint will be well above market, capitalizing on the secular trends with the differentiation. From a margin profile, we'll have a much higher recurring revenue within our services, demanding a much higher margin with the content of the software-enabled services. And then from an overall return, when you look at the conversion to cash we're getting now, for the value proposition we bring we're getting much more cash up front relative to that value proposition, and ultimately being able to deliver very strong free cash flow. So I would say well above market growth, continued expansion of margins to what we believe is kind of mid to higher teens and then very predictable cash flow with the mix of the content of what we do for our customers. 
Scott Davis: That's helpful, George. And when you think about asset sales, you know, and there's some nuance here clearly, but is it more a function of simplifying the portfolio so you can execute on those KPIs that you just mentioned, or is it or do the asset sales themselves kind of change the growth and margin profile of the company? 
George R. Oliver: No, let me reflect on the transformation that we've been going through. We've been continuously evaluating the portfolio, kind of where we are with the transformation of a comprehensive solutions provider in commercial buildings, and then making sure that our resources are being deployed to the highest priorities. When you look at the non-commercial product lines, they're excellent businesses, but they do not necessarily  are they consistent with the go-to-forward strategy over the longer term. And that's now why, as we are now pursuing the alternatives here, because these are good businesses, and there's an opportunity with these businesses now to be able to create even more value for our shareholders as we look at the alternatives. We're very excited about the future with the prospects that we have and the opportunities that we're driving towards. We believe that we're on the right path now to simplify the portfolio, continue to drive margin expansion, deliver much more consistent cash flow, while most important is really differentiating the value proposition that we can bring to our customers, which is going to be fundamental to the growth. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Steve Tusa with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Stephen Tusa: Hi. Good morning. 
George R. Oliver: Good morning Steve.
Stephen Tusa: It would be great if Marc could answer this question, but for the second quarter, could you just talk about the various segments and how you get to this 14.5% operating margin target, maybe on a year-over-year and sequential basis, and what do you expect out of them? And I have a follow-up. Thanks. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yeah, thanks, Steve. So first, I want to address the change in guidance, right. Since we issued our guidance in December, the impact of the economic environment in China on our business has deteriorated. And we have factored originally a fairly cautious outlook in China in the initial guide. However, that outlook has further worsened. We refocused the organization going through that tumultuous environment in China. We see a path of recovery to that volume and recovery of the backlog as well in the second half of the year, but it started to bottom out in Q2. We have more clarity on some of the actions we've taken around productivity and cost structure, and that support the recovery in that backlog. Now focusing on Q2 on the different business, if you look at our field-based business, Building Solutions, the cyber disruption is really behind us. And the loss momentum that we had in Q1 is now recovering and supporting the shorter-cycle businesses, particularly our service mix. If you look at North America and EMEALA, particularly, the margin we have put in the backlog over the last six months, but particularly during the first quarter, gives us confidence that we're going to be able to deliver on the margin rate for those businesses. There's a lot of benefit of cost actions we've taken early on in the year and later last year, but there's also more return to seasonality in our Global Products business as we see the volume providing marginally in those operations. If you combine all of that, I think we see with confidence that margin being attainable, Steve.
Stephen Tusa: Okay. And then just, George, for you, I guess. It's kind of hard to reconcile the commentary on momentum in your strategy with basically negative organic growth this quarter, do you consider that positive momentum? And then secondly, what was the -- what drove the timing on this announcement of evaluating strategic alternatives, I mean it's not like you have anything really lined up here, official to announce so why are we kind of just throwing this out there today versus maybe over the last couple of years where you've been kind of pursuing the same strategy? Just curious on kind of a straightforward answer on both of those. We don't need a lot of verbiage. Thank you. 
George R. Oliver: So let me just comment on the quarter as far as momentum. We did have a significant disruption, as Marc said, for about six weeks of the first quarter, and part of that did have an impact on our momentum and our ability to be able to convert and the like. And so that's -- that was more of a short-term impact in Q1, in addition to the year-on-year adjustment that we've had in Global Products. As far as the timing, I'm sure you can appreciate, Steve, that the Board and the management team, we've had a very thoughtful approach to the strategy. We assess all avenues that will deliver value to our shareholders. Our strategy -- our transformation has been focused on really leveraging all of our combined strengths and our differentiated product, our digital platform.  And then from a go-to-market standpoint, the depth and expertise that we have from an engineering standpoint to ultimately be a comprehensive solutions provider and our ability to be able to take the value proposition and be able to convert that to recurring revenue through services. We're seeing that momentum, which is beginning to convert and as we look at the difference in the business models within the businesses when we talk about the noncommercial businesses, there is a different business model relative to how we serve the market. And I think this allows us to be able to position those businesses for continued growth, while we're creating value, while we're focused on really now accelerating the progress we've made within our Building Solutions business.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead. 
Jeffrey Sprague: Hey, thanks, good morning everyone. I wonder if we could just drill a little bit more, George, into kind of the portfolio review. And specifically, as you know, the business is complex day-to-day for you running it. It's even more complex for us on the outside looking in. So can you just size for us what we're talking in noncommercial assets, I think I put an estimate out there, I don't know if I'm in the ballpark or not, but just give us some sense of the total revenues that we're talking about that are under review in consideration and maybe kind of the average profitability across that basket?
George R. Oliver: Yes, when you look at the overall revenues of these businesses, it would be less than 25% of the portfolio.
Jeffrey Sprague: And how did the margins stack up versus the average of JCI?
George R. Oliver: Overall, when you look at the mix of the margins, it would be in line with the overall JCI.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay. And then just kind of coming back to maybe a more granular point on this then. Even preceding you, I think, as you well know, there was always this debate about, can you extract Resi from kind of legacy, York, the Resi and then Light Commercial applied are tied together, and maybe it undermines your larger commercial effort if you exit that business. So maybe you found a way to separate Resi and Light Commercial or you think you can, but can you provide any additional context on that and how the Light Commercial business in particular might factor into your strategic thoughts on where the business goes from here?
George R. Oliver: Sure. So if you look at Resi, Light Commercial and the businesses now are really back on track. I mean we've had a really nice quarter here picking up share, both in Resi as well as Light Commercial where all our productive business in North America was up double digit, which was supported with 40% growth in commercial, and with Resi being down about 7%. So the businesses now are performing -- positioning to perform going forward. On the [indiscernible] side, when you look at JCH, it's where we had strength in Japan, offsetting some of the weakness we saw in Europe and India.  So when you look at the go-to-market, I think it's important to understand that these noncommercial product lines are excellent businesses. But when you look at the go-to-market, they're not consistent with what we're doing as we build out our building solutions over the long-term, and so we believe that when you look at the value proposition that we bring with our customers, that -- although there's an overlap with some of the applied rooftops, that can be managed with the structure that we put into place going forward. And so I think when you look at the -- it does not erode any value proposition in our comprehensive commercial solutions, but also positions the business to be able to take an incredible asset and create more value through growth.
Jeffrey Sprague: Alright, I will leave it there. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. 
Nigel Coe: Thanks, good morning. So another question on the portfolio review. So the press release on Friday highlighted Hitachi, but also talked about Residential, Light Commercial for York. And I just wanted to make it very, very clear that we're talking here about just the U.S. residential assets. But there's also a mention of the ATT business as well. So any more color in terms of the noncommercial assets because it does feel like there are some commercial businesses here? And then on the Hitachi side, obviously, Hitachi still has 40% of that business. How much flexibility do you have to seek options for your majority control of the asset?
George R. Oliver: I think you'd appreciate, Nigel, at this stage, with the ongoing transformation, I would caution against making any assumptions at this stage and how we will affect it. I think the communication here today is that we're in -- we are pursuing strategic alternatives. So we're going to continue to simplify and standardize across the portfolio. But we're in the early stages. And at this stage, I'm not going to comment relative to any one of the potential assets that we would look to create value with.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Worth a try though, isnt it. But if we do assume that you execute on some form of strategic realignment for the portfolio, if you had, let's say, $5 billion of cash coming in the door today, how would you look to deploy that, George?
George R. Oliver: Yes. As we look at -- I mean, we're, again, speculating on what would happen. I think as we look at what we do within our Comprehensive Commercial Solutions business, we have been doing bolt-ons. We'll continue to be able to do bolt-ons and supporting the technology and our go-to-market as we strengthen that across the globe. And our intent would be to make it accretive as far as whether it'd be through bolt-ons and/or deployment back to our shareholders to offset the dilution that any divestiture might have.
Nigel Coe: Okay, I will leave it there, thanks. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 
Noah Kaye: Great. First, a shorter-term one. You did mention signs of bottoming out in Fire and Security on the short cycle. Can you just give us some more indicators and confidence there?
George R. Oliver: Yes, when you look at the business, whether it'd be at the product level or in the field, as far as the demand signals are coming through strong, we've gone through some adjustment relative to backlog as well as in the product business, the book-to-bill business. We see this really differentiating our overall commercial solutions and how we're utilizing these businesses and differentiating our solutions. On a go-forward basis, we have -- when you look at our pipeline of opportunities it is pretty robust, and we're working to continue now to execute that into backlog and ultimately, then the conversion revenues going forward. So I think it's more short term based on what we've seen here with some of the adjustments in the market, but we're confident that with the pipeline we have, we're going to be positioned to be able to continue to support the growth that we're committing to.
Noah Kaye: Okay, thanks. And I think I'd like to return to the why now question that was asked earlier, and maybe frame it slightly differently. Obviously, the U.S. market went through a tough year last year with volume trends. But certainly, there's some secular tailwinds as we look out in the next couple of years, refrigerant transition, ongoing price mix benefits, easier comps. And then you have the transition, both in North America and globally towards heat pumps. So there seem to be some positive prospects, both North America and globally for residential and at the same time, there's, I think, overarching concern from many investors around non-res, right, commercial weakness. And so I guess in that context, why now is a particularly a cute question because I think from a cycle perspective, the market doesn't necessarily see the same trends ahead that would seem to inform this decision. So maybe kind of talk to us about why this makes sense for you and why now?
George R. Oliver: Yes. So as I said earlier, we've come through a very disruptive period, and there's been significant progress that has been made across these businesses, and these businesses are positioned to perform. And so as I said earlier, as you can appreciate, we're constantly reviewing the portfolio and understanding how we manage the assets to be able to deliver value for our shareholders. We've taken a very thoughtful approach to the strategy, and this has been continuous and making sure that we're assessing all avenues on how we ultimately deliver value to our shareholders. And so that's what's been playing out. I think tied to -- as we think about our acceleration of becoming the leading comprehensive commercial solutions provider within commercial buildings, this is part of that path forward. And in line with -- consistent with how we continue to update our shareholders, we'll continue to provide those updates as we continue to make progress with these potential divestitures.
Noah Kaye: Appreciate that thoughtful answer. Thanks George.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Joseph Ritchie: Thanks, good morning. Congratulations to Marc. And Olivier, we'll see you on the other side. The -- let me just start with Asia because you referenced China a few times on your prepared comments. I'm just trying to understand like how much of the weakness that you saw this quarter was this the market deteriorating versus your own selectivity? And then as you kind of think about the next few quarters, should we be expecting material order declines to continue?
George R. Oliver: I'll take that, Joe. Last year, when you look at where we were last year, we were working to recover our backlog from the second wave of COVID shutdowns in China. As the economic environment in China has slowed, we continue to make sure that we're streamlined with our organization and aligning our resources to the market to be able to maximize what we believe is our entitlement. And then make sure that we're executing with discipline to achieve what we see to be very strong life cycle value creation with our services. This is what we played out in North America and which has been very successful for us.  We do have a very healthy pipeline as we assess the market, which we are converting. We are anticipating a slower recovery of the backlog and ultimately, the projected revenue, which now has been pushed to the right. And so those are the factors really updating our guidance here, Joe, but I'm confident that we have incredible product for the market, making sure we have the right go-to-market structure and then ultimately, being able to execute on what we see still to be a very attractive market.
Joseph Ritchie: Okay, thanks George. And I know that you don't want to provide a ton of specificity on what noncommercial means. Just maybe from my own edification and remembering the old Tyco assets, I mean I think you still had some residential ATPs, international assets as well. Just correct me if I'm wrong, if you don't? And then also just a point of clarification, the Light Commercial business is showing at roughly 6% of sales. I think the last several quarters, we've been seeing it closer to 9%. Did you guys shift a portion of the Light Commercial sales into Applied, just want to understand that a little bit, too?
George R. Oliver: No, when you look at the mix within our ducted business, which is mainly what drives our Light Commercial, is we're up 40%. And like I said, in our ducted business, when you look at Resi being down slightly and then commercial being very strong, our whole duct business was up 10%. And so this has been the differentiated product that we've been bringing into the market, getting -- we've increased share, Joe, by -- it's been roughly about 300 basis points over the last year with the recovery of the commercial market, and we've invested in the capacity to be able to do so. So as far as that is the core of our Light Commercial business, and we've been performing extremely well.
Joseph Ritchie: So was there a re-cost because it's showing like that business is lower as a percentage as your total sales than it was in the last few quarters?
George R. Oliver: It takes into account the VRF.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Joe, the difference is that the 9% is our fiscal 2022 sales in the prior year versus when we move forward, it's now our fiscal 2023, now that, that year is final. It's just a -- it's a math exercise.
Joseph Ritchie: Yes. Actually, that math doesn't really tie well, but I can follow up off-line. Thank you. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning everyone. 
George R. Oliver: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Could you give us a little more color regarding your order cadence within Building Solutions and what you're seeing, obviously, most of the slowdown in orders as you said in Q1 was because of the slowdown in China, but did you see a dip in orders because of the cyber incident and then improvement, I think you changed your incentive comp structure for some of your salespeople as well in the quarter, so a lot going on, and how are you thinking about orders and backlog from here?
George R. Oliver: Yes. So as we talked about, we did lose some momentum because of the cyber incident. And so when you look at the sales conversion cycle, it did lengthen in the first quarter by about a week, a little bit better than a week. And so when you look at our pipeline, it continues to expand and does support the acceleration of orders in Q2 and through the remainder of the year, in line with what we were projecting prior to having the impact that we had. So we're very confident that with the pipeline, with the generation -- pipeline generation and then our ability to be able to convert with the cycle times we convert with, we're back to where we were. And then that also being combined with our success in services and being able to continue to build strong pipelines for services, convert to PSAs, building backlog, and then ultimately, supporting our ability to get services, deliver high single-digit services for the year.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thanks for that George. And this question might be for Marc. I know you ran Building Solutions in EMEALA at least for a little while. So obviously, those margins have continued to be challenging. Can you give us more color into what is holding down that segment, projects ending there, and maybe better margin going forward? And then talk about the changes you began to institute and when they might have more impact on that segment?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Oh, great question. So right away, when I took the role last year, we started to work on implementing our enterprise field operating model. That's very similar to what we did in North America a few years ago. Johnson Controls operates in markets that are very sizable and complex, but that provides ample opportunity for us to grow. But when you face large market, it's important to remain focused and disciplined on the sub-segments of that markets that provide the right level of product capabilities, leverage our engineering talent, and our solutions. And we are looking for those sub-segments of the market that provide the most value for both our customers and the company. As we continue to simplify, standardize, and I would say rationalize that business, the operating model becomes easier to adopt in the field, in the regions, and the benefits of that model get amplified. We get a lot of leverage. And that's really what we've been focused on over the last six to eight months. There's still work to be done, but I see great improvement in our book margin. And as we start seeing the benefit of that model and the actions we've taken, so I'm very confident that EMEALA will return to a comparable profit level that the other field segment are seeing.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Appreciate the color guys. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. And thanks, Olivier, and congrats to Marc. Maybe just on Slide 9, the guidance for the sort of existing portfolio. So you're looking at sort of 4% organic sales growth, let's say, for the year. So the second half is implied, up 8%. How should we think about that plus 8%, splitting between Global Products and then Building Solutions? And just trying to confirm, does that second half growth guide of plus 8% include growth in both U.S. Resi HVAC and also China Building Solutions?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. So thank you. So as you look at the breakdown between our Business Solutions segments and Global Products, we see a recovery in growth in Asia Pac in the second half of the year. So that will turn positive. And as we continue to see the other segment, BS&A in North America and EMEALA continuing to clog at mid-single digit, you can see the balance of those two offsetting and getting very strong single digits all the way to almost double-digit in the second half of the year. That support the growth you're seeing on the slide. When it comes to Global Products, we continue to see an improvement in orders. As we said, we believe that Q2 is really the bottoming out and the stabilization of that business, and we see quite good momentum in the recovery into Q3 and accelerating into Q4, supporting that number you see on the slide.
Julian Mitchell: Got it. So both GP and Building Solutions grow at a similar rate in the second half to each other?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: That's right.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. And then just a second question. I understand you can't talk too much about the portfolio. So maybe thinking about some other items. Just wanted to, Marc, on the perspectives on sort of receivables factoring from here and what the approach will be in terms of does that factoring get unwound now because lead times are going back to normal? And pillar two has come in, so should we think about the medium-term tax rate moving up to the high teens? Thank you. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. So starting on that last question on tax rate. Obviously, there are some headwinds there with the good changes in the rate. We are continually assessing it, and we'll continue to look at it. But you're right, there is a headwind longer-term on the rate. When it comes to factoring, we always look at different methods to finance the company. And as you said, when lead times got difficult, when inventory were a little bit more elevated than traditionally, factory became a logical avenue. We will continue to review the most economical ways to finance the company. We'll make sure that we take appropriate action against that program to align it with the financial commitment we've made to you, both in terms of profitability and free cash flow conversion.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Gautam Khanna with TD Cowen. Please go ahead. 
Gautam Khanna: Hey, good morning guys. 
George R. Oliver: Good morning. 
Gautam Khanna: I was wondering if you could comment on pricing in the various verticals. What you're seeing with respect to pricing power? And then I had a follow-up.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. As part of that simplification of our business model, one benefit that comes in, we have more clarity on our cost accumulation and our ability to drive price, focusing the businesses, particularly of Business Solutions segments towards better vertical and better product lines and solution. We are able to drive more price to the market than we have been historically, chasing less the segments of the market where competitiveness but also value is hard to sell to the end customer. So as part of our Building Solutions operating system, you can see a great improvement, both on the price we can command in the market but also the price realization we see in our backlog and our executed margin. When it comes to Global Products, we've always tried to shy away from the more commoditized part of the market. For the parts where we actually have differentiated product, we see tremendous momentum both on pricing, but as well as the margin that comes on the back end of that particularly thinking about our Applied HVAC businesses that have been operating at very strong margin over the last few months and continue to see quite good momentum from a price cost standpoint.
Gautam Khanna: Okay, and could you expand that commentary on the Resi market as well, are you still able to get price, is there any pushback, are you seeing any evidence of trade downs or movement to repair versus replace and the like?
George R. Oliver: No. As we've said previously, we've continued to lead pricing, making sure that with all of the reinvestments that have been made to support these regulatory changes, that we're positioned to be able to get the proper price and that continues. And so in spite of us being maybe not one of the top players, we've been very disciplined relative to how we're creating the value proposition and ultimately, how we're pricing in the market.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Chris Snyder at UBS. Please go ahead. 
Christopher Snyder: Thank you. So for revenue, you guys are guiding March up about 10% sequentially, which is a good deal stronger than the typical mid-single-digit ramp that we've seen in most years. Maybe can you just talk about the drivers of this, the sharp increase into the March quarter? I understand there's a couple of points of cybersecurity catch-up, but it sounds like GP maybe has yet to stabilize. I think you said it troughs in the March quarter, so I would expect some headwinds there still remain? Thank you. 
Olivier C. Leonetti: Yes. It's coming and I think you mentioned it in your question. There's some return to normal seasonality versus the prior year. As we were flowing through the backlog, you can see that seasonality picking up, and that's lifting us a couple of points. But you're absolutely right. The cyber disruption and the loss of momentum it had created in the quarter there were very few orders that were lost, but the cycle time of our commercial team expanded as we were going through the quarter. And that created a challenge in the first quarter that now provides tailwind from a growth standpoint in the second quarter.
Christopher Snyder: And was it 1 -- I know you guys called out 1 point in the December quarter, if I remember correct. Was it 1 point again from cyber in the March quarter?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: I don't believe we were that prescriptive, to be honest with you. It's really hard to measure with precision, how much was cyber versus the markets at the time. But I think if you look at the momentum we've built now in Q2, I would tell you, it's a few points of benefit that we are seeing.
Christopher Snyder: Got it, thank you. And then for my follow-up, on Global Products, you guys talked about seeing stabilization. Can you maybe talk about the respective product lines within that, but being Resi, Light Commercial, and Fire and Security, are they all showing stabilization, are any leading, any lagging on that normalcy? Thank you. 
George R. Oliver: When you look at our -- the global products and more of the transactional businesses book-to-bill, we went through a significant inventory adjustment last year in the channel. When you look at our order rates now coming in and now what we're projecting in revenue, we're seeing that positive across the board. Again, in the duct business, Resi still is down -- still down about 20%, with price, we're down single digits. That will continue to improve as we go through the year. But beyond that, across the board, we're seeing very strong orders in line with what we're projecting for revenue as we go forward.
Christopher Snyder: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Nicole DeBlase: Yeah, thanks, good morning guys. So we've covered a lot of ground here. I guess the last thing I just wanted to ask about is, I'll just keep it to one question, is you guys gave guidance and reported earnings obviously pretty late in the fourth quarter, with only a couple of weeks to go. So how did China take you by such a surprise where we're only a month later and we have to cut guidance by $0.05? Thank you. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. The disruption that came from the cyber incidents also slowed down the pace at which data flows through the organization. And as I mentioned in the opening remarks, we had factored a fairly cautious outlook on China. But our ability to really pin down exactly the impact, it was actually going to have in the current quarter and following quarter, as we all know about six weeks smarter and more educated about the challenges and that outlook has worked on further. We discussed it in a prior question, it's a combination of the market condition and us being more selective in the type of deal and the type of transaction we decide to pursue.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
Joseph ODea: Hi, good morning. In your reference to simplifying and standardizing costs across the portfolio, I think you've been on some kind of notable cost out as it relates to both COGS and SG&A. Is this sort of setting up for the next chapter or can you talk a little bit about where you see the biggest opportunities on simplifying some of the cost structure and any sizing of those opportunities?
George R. Oliver: Yes, so let me reflect on that. I mean we've been through a major transformation, taking a set of businesses that were a lot of a lot of variation in the fundamentals within the operating system. We now have standardized that across the board. That has allowed us to become much more efficient, reducing layers and ultimately, the cost that is required to support the business. As we continue now, so it's a twofold not only standardizing the processes but then with automation and IT supporting those processes with good data, that is all accelerated within the company, which has allowed us to be able to now capitalize on more simplification. That's one element. And then from a selling standpoint, as we then standardize our operating system around commercial, we've also been able to align our commercial resources in line with the market with the segmentation that we're driving to be able to drive our growth, and we're seeing a significant pickup there also. So it's really across the board on all of our cost elements in line with being much more simple, much more standard, and more agile in how we now pursue growth.
Joseph ODea: And then could you talk about service order trends by region when we look at EMEALA, the last couple of quarters, we're looking at low double-digit, mid-teens type of growth in service orders in each of those quarters, whereas in North America, we've been seeing low single digit. So what you're seeing in terms of sort of differences in terms of those growth rates, demand trends on the service order side in field?
George R. Oliver: Yes. Let me just touch upon the fundamentals, and Marc can talk a little bit about the orders. The fundamentals here, we're increasing our detach rates and now we're up to mid to upper 40 percentile. We're getting a more -- a higher percentage of our installed base served. This year, we're going to be able to expand our connected assets by well over 10,000. We're going to be able to get PSA growth longer-term services up over 20%. And then when you look at the way that we're connecting our services, we're getting much lower attrition rates. That all now is playing out and positioning us for a strong high single-digit service growth again this year. On the order rates, as we look at any one of those elements, we're consistently driving that strategy across all three regions. So Marc, maybe you want to comment?
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes, commenting on the three regions. So North America is our largest service business, and was also unfortunately the most impacted by the cyber disruption. So that's why you see a little bit of softness in Q1. It's a very transactional business, day-to-day business that has a lot of automation and reliance on our system to be able to order -- book orders and execute that revenue rapidly. The fundamentals of that business hasn't changed, and I think the recovery is coming in the balance of the year, and we are seeing now in the second quarter a really strong pickup in that business. If you look at EMEALA and Asia, touching on EMEALA first, those are mature businesses, but at a different part of the cycle when it comes to growth. There's enormous amount of opportunity in getting after our installed base and continuously maturing our business model similarly to what we've done in North America to really drive long-term double-digit growth in those service business. And in Asia Pacific, particularly in China, part of our refocus on the market is really focusing on those sub-segments of the market, where we see a strong long-term service profile for our business in order for us to really maximize the whole life cycle of those opportunities.
Joseph ODea: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Deane Dray at RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Deane Dray: Thank you, good morning everyone. Just a quick question from me please. Regarding the potential or expected divestitures, a separation of Resi, what would that do to RemainCo in terms of free cash flow potential, just maybe down to the level of working capital, does that change your ability to hit this target of 100% free cash flow conversion?
George R. Oliver: Yes. Not at all, Deane. I mean we've been working on our free cash flow and the fundamentals of that across both the building solutions to be able to get more billing upfront and more in line with revenue, and then in our Global Products business have significantly improved, not only the inventory, but also our ability to be able to collect. So as far as the commitment to our free cash flow target, we're going to be well positioned to be able to deliver on that target.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to George Oliver for any closing remarks.
George R. Oliver: Yes, just to wrap up, as we've discussed here today, we've been on a transformation journey for a number of years and have made incredible progress and have had many successes. While we're building strong fundamentals, we're also better leveraging our people and portfolio and ultimately, serving our customers in a better way. We're very confident we've built a very robust operating system across the portfolio and are going to be well positioned to deliver for our shareholders. And I do look forward to updating all of you as we continue to make progress. So with that, operator, that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you, sir. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-12-12 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Johnson Controls Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jim Lucas, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jim Lucas: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls' fourth quarter fiscal 2023 results. The press release and all related tables that were issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. Joining me on the call today are Johnson Controls' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver; and Chief Financial Officer, Olivier Leonetti. Before we begin, let me remind you that during our presentation today, we will make forward-looking statements. Listeners are cautioned that these statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Johnson Controls. These risks and uncertainties can cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. We advise listeners to carefully review the risk factors and cautionary statements in our most recent Form 10-Q, Form 10-K and today's release. We will also reference certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are contained in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to this presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of Johnson Controls' website. I will now turn the call over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Before discussing our fourth quarter and fiscal 2023 results, I wanted to take a moment to thank all of our employees for their quick agile response to the cyber incident beginning in the last week of September. Our teams responded quickly and worked diligently to minimize the impact from the incident. We greatly appreciate everyone's patience from customers to suppliers, to shareholders as we work through our remediation efforts. We now have the incident behind us and our operations are back to normal. Now let's begin with Slide 3. We feel it is important to not lose sight of the strong year we had in fiscal 2023, regardless of the impact on our fourth quarter results from the cyber incident. For the full year, we grew sales organically 8%, expanded segment margins 80 basis points to 15% and delivered adjusted EPS growth of 17%. We saw continued strength in our Service business as our efforts in maximizing our large installed base are coming to fruition. In fact, we grew service 10% for the year with solid order momentum ending the fiscal year. Our total backlog grew 9% to $12.1 billion as demand remains strong across our Commercial Building Solutions offerings. In fiscal 2023, we generated $1.8 billion in free cash flow, which represented 76% conversion. During the year, we returned $1.6 billion to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. Our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged, targeting to return 100% of our free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We have the highest conviction ever in our strategy to lead in Building Solutions, and we'll continue to prioritize allocating capital accordingly toward that objective. Overall, we are pleased with our continued execution despite macro-driven headwinds over the fiscal year and believe that we are well positioned heading into fiscal 2024 with our strong backlog and resilient service business. We're initiating guidance for fiscal 2024 for approximately mid-single-digit sales and adjusted EPS growth, respectively, and for free cash flow conversion of approximately 85%. Olivier will provide additional color on the guidance later in the call, but fiscal 2024 will show improvement following a seasonally slower first quarter. Now turning to Slide 4. Demand for our Building Solutions is accelerating with our customers around the globe, as we are developing Applied Solutions to deliver outcomes that save energy and reduce emissions, while improving the overall occupant experience. We are able to achieve these outcomes not only through our leading domain expertise and applied HVAC & Controls solutions, but also through world-class fire detection and protection and smart security solutions enabled by an industry-leading digital platform, OpenBlue. All of our systems build on each other in are complementary components of our total solutions offering. The journey starts with our customer as we design, digitize and deploy solutions that achieve efficiency, sustainability and decarbonization. This turnkey offering drives operations, service and maintenance, which underpin our as-a-service offerings that make buildings smarter through our digital solutions. This helps our customers enable peak operating conditions, protect investments and achieve the lowest life cycle cost. Johnson Controls is unique with our value proposition to make buildings smarter through OpenBlue. Our comprehensive ecosystem of connected digital solutions for buildings can break down silos and connect building systems regardless of equipment OEM and make them interoperable to build resiliency and efficiency. We were honored recently to be ranked number two on the Guidehouse Insights leaderboard in an assessment of leading energy service companies. The recognition underscores our commitment to excellence and sustainability on a global scale. It is a testament to our hard work and continued commitment to helping clients meet their sustainability goals. Moving on to Slide 5. Fiscal 2023 saw continued strength in install orders, which creates a strong service opportunity over the life of the equipment. As we advance our digital strategy, including more than doubling our connected assets during the fiscal year, we are gathering more intelligence through data. This data allows us to better segment customer needs and create more proactive offerings across all of our domains, effectively utilizing our industry-leading service organization of over 20,000 professionals that make over 5.5 million visits annually. With our large installed base, improved operations and strong pipeline, we see a long runway of continued growth for our service business. Turning to Slide 6. Our value creation framework remains unchanged. We truly believe we are well positioned to drive continued growth, delivering solutions across sustainable and healthy buildings, while leveraging the increased adoption of OpenBlue to drive margin expansion. Our pipeline remains strong in our longer-cycle Building Solutions business, as we continue to realize top line growth. Our shorter-cycle businesses in Global Products, primarily global residential HVAC and parts of Fire & Security are stabilizing as the new fiscal year progresses. Converting our strong top line growth into improved margins and cash flow is our top priority. We are beginning to see our gross margins improve as supply chain disruptions continue to lessen. Within Building Solutions, we are also seeing stronger margins in our record backlog and as service continues to accelerate, we should see favorable mix as well. Cash flow is a key area of focus for us. On the receivables front, we are making progress in improving the longer collection cycle historically associated with our installed business. Inventories in our short-cycle businesses continue to reduce as lead times normalize, and we are adding capacity to meet the strong demand in our applied HVAC business. As you can see, we are very excited about the opportunity ahead. I will now turn the call over to Olivier to go through the financial details of the quarter. Olivier?
Olivier Leonetti: Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. Let me start with the summary on Slide 7. Total sales grew 3% to $6.9 billion, while organic sales increased 2% with another strong quarter from our service business, which grew 9% organically. The cyber incident was a 1% headwind in the quarter. Adjusted segment EBITA was flat year-over-year with margins declining 50 basis points to 16%. Price/cost was positive, and we delivered strong productivity savings achieving our $340 million target for the year. Turning to our EPS bridge on Slide 8. Adjusted EPS of $1.05 increased 6% year-over-year and include a $0.04 headwind from the cyber incident. Operations contributed $0.03 of the growth in the quarter, benefiting from positive price/cost and our ongoing SG&A and COGS actions. Below the line, we saw favorability from non-controlling interest and a lower share count. Let's now discuss our segment results in more detail on Slides 9 through 12. Beginning on Slide 9. Organic sales in our shorter-cycle Global Products business, excluding the 2% headwind from the cyber incident were flat year-over-year with price upsetting a decline in volume. Global Products saw continued strength in Commercial HVAC, which grew high single-digits after growing mid-teens in the comparable period one year ago. Demand remained strong and our leading position in Commercial HVAC was further extended in fiscal 2023. Fire & Security declined low single-digits as inventory further rebalanced as lead times improved materially year-over-year. Industrial Refrigeration had another strong quarter, growing over 45% driven by EMEALA. Global residential decline high-teens, driven by a greater than 30% decline in North America and a high single-digit decline in Rest of World. North America faced challenging year-over-year comparisons as we were still working out of a backlog from last fiscal year. In Europe, the heat pump market overall experienced lower growth than anticipated. As our book-to-bill business begins to normalize with improved lead times, our global products, third-party backlog decreased 4% from the prior year to $2.5 billion and remained flat sequentially. Adjusted segment EBITA margins declined 85 basis points against a tough comparison to 21% as continued weakness in global residential offset positive price cost and productivity savings. One of the biggest factor impacting our Global Products margin performance is due to lower absorption costs in Global Residential business. Moving to Slide 11 to discuss our Building Solutions performance. Order momentum remained strong with 9% growth. Service orders grew 7% in the quarter and 11% for the full year as our transformation into a service-led organization gains momentum. Install orders increased 10%, led by double-digit orders in North America and EMEALA. Organic sales grew 5%, driven by strong growth in service of 9%. And in-store grew 2% organically against a tough comparison. The cyber incident was a 1% headwind in the quarter.  Adjusted segment EBITA increased 5%, while margins declined 10 basis points as a higher mix of equipment installations and weakness in China offset positive price/cost and savings from productivity initiatives. Strong equipment sales are an important contributor to future higher-margin recurring service revenue. Building Solutions backlog remains at record levels, growing 9% to $12.1 billion. Service backlog increased 12% and installed backlog grew 8% year-over-year. Let's discuss the Building Solutions performance by region on Slide 12. Orders in North America increased 8% with continued strength across our HVAC & Controls platform, up over 20% year-over-year. Overall, there was robust demand in our office, data center, health care, government and manufacturing sectors. Install orders increased 11% year-over-year with solid growth in new construction. Sales in North America were up 8% organically with broad-based growth across the portfolio. Our installed business grew 9% with continued momentum in new construction, up 25% year-over-year. Organic sales in service grew 7% in the quarter and 8% for the full year, driven by a strong performance across our shorter-term transactional business which is the direct result of having a large customer base. Sales across our HVAC & Controls platform grew high teens year-over-year, while Fire & Security was flat. Segment margins expanded 70 basis points year-over-year to 15.4%, driven by ongoing productivity benefits, the continued execution of higher-margin backlog and strength in our higher-margin service business. Total backlog ended the quarter at $8.3 billion, up 10% year-over-year. In EMEA/LA, orders were up 6% with solid contributions of 16% growth from both served and in store. Demand in commercial remained strong, growing 50% year-over-year driven by HVAC and security as the decarbonization efforts in Europe continue to gain momentum, our offerings in Industrial Refrigeration and HVAC & Controls increased orders by over 20% across the industrial sector. By region, other growth was broad-based. Sales in EMEA/LA grew 3% organically, led by mid-teen growth in service with double-digit growth from both our recurring contracts and our shorter cycle transactional business. Applied Commercial HVAC and Fire & Security grew low single-digits within the quarter. Segment EBITA margins declined 160 basis points to 7.8%, driven primarily by execution of lower margin jobs within the backlog. Backlog was up 10% year-over-year to $2.3 billion. In Asia Pacific, orders grew 3%, driven by double-digit growth in service with healthy growth across our HVAC & Controls platform. Overall, we saw strong demand in the institutional sector growing over 30%. Sales in Asia Pacific declined 6%, as the installation business was impacted primarily by weakness in China. Our service business continued the momentum of double-digit growth, increasing 11% in the quarter and 14% for the full year. Overall, Fire & Security grew mid-single digits, while HVAC & Controls declined high single-digits. Segment EBITA margins declined 50 basis points to 13.5%, as weakness in China offset ongoing productivity savings and positive price/cost. Backlog of $1.5 billion is flat year-over-year. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 13. We ended the fourth quarter with approximately $800 million in available cash and net debt declined to 1.9 times, which is lower than our long-term target range of 2 to 2.5 times. As George mentioned, during 2023, we returned $1.6 billion to our shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. Our free cash flow conversion of 76% was better than our updated guidance. On the working capital front, our receivable collection has extended as our installation business critical to generate our service business has grown. We are making structural changes, such as more upfront payments to improve our cash collection cycle in the installation business. While inventories remain elevated versus historical levels, primarily due to the challenges in our global residential businesses, we saw overall inventories improved five days sequentially in the fourth quarter. We anticipate further improvement entering fiscal 2024. We have the fundamentals in place to be a 100% cash conversion company over time. However, continued growth investments and some further restructuring in fiscal 2024 will be headwinds in the fiscal year. Now let's discuss our first quarter and fiscal 2024 guidance on Slide 14. We are entering fiscal year 2024 with a backlog at historical levels, strong momentum in our industry-leading service business and broad-based demand across end markets. When producing first quarter sales guidance of approximately flat year-over-year as we return to normalized seasonality. Our forecast includes a roughly 1% headwind from the cyber incident, as well as continued weakness anticipated in China. We expect Building Solutions momentum to continue, led by our resilient service business. Global Products faces a tough year-over-year comparison as we were working through elevated backlogs in the comparable quarter last year, especially in Residential HVAC and certain Fire & Security indirect channels. For the first quarter, we expect segment EBITA margin to be approximately 13% and adjusted EPS to be in the range of $0.48 to $0.50. We're expecting a slower start of the year as we return to more normalized seasonality, incurred a negative impact from the cyber incident and anticipate continued weakness in China. For the full year, we anticipate Global Products to stabilize in the second half of 2024, as backlog continues to normalize and Building Solutions converts its higher-margin backlog. We expect organic sales to grow approximately mid-single digits with Building Solutions leading the growth, particularly in service. Segment EBITA margins, I expect that to expand approximately 25 basis points or greater as price/cost remains positive and mix improved throughout the year. Adjusted EPS should be in the range of approximately $3.65 to $3.80, representing growth of 4% to 9% year-over-year. For the first quarter, we anticipate our normal seasonal cash usage with incremental impact from the cyber incident. We expect free cash flow conversion to be 85% for the full year. Our results and guidance reflect great progress advancing our service strategy enabled by digital, momentum in our commercial products offering and we enter fiscal 2024 with strong order momentum and record backlog in our longer-cycle Building Solutions business. With that, Operator, open up the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And today's first question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Hi. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Maybe we could just touch on cash flow a bit more. A, how much kind of recovery from the cyber incident do you kind of expect embedded in this 85% in 2024? And then also just -- it seems peculiar, Olivier, your net financial charges are going up to $420 million per your guide versus $280 million last year. Is there something going on in the factoring or something else in kind of the capital structure that would explain that sort of delta year-over-year?
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you for your question, Jeff. Regarding the free cash flow, we had an impact in the first quarter, which we believe will be about $200 million. If you look at the guide for 2024 at 85%, that includes two elements; one, some restructuring and also some investments in CapEx to support the strong demand in our applied business, George mentioned that in his opening remarks. If you look at the levers of improvement for free cash flow, we see, one, inventory reducing as we reduce our inventory in resi. Two, in receivables, we believe we're going to be able to demand more upfront payments as our lead times have improved, and also we have implemented our supplier financing program across the network, and that will help further improve GPO. To go back to your net financing charge is the byproduct of higher interest rate. We are going to refinance some debt. We have some commercial papers as well, which are going to be priced at the current higher interest rate. Factoring is a small proportion of the cost.
Jeff Sprague: And then separately, could you just address -- I mean, orders obviously looked pretty solid in the quarter. Was there any impact from the cyber and the ability to kind of book orders, either as you ended the September quarter or as you've entered this particular quarter? Maybe just give us a little bit more color on what the challenges were in the business as you work your way through this?
George Oliver: Yes. So when we look at our orders, Jeff, obviously, they continue very strong. And I think we're seeing strong growth in office data centers, health care, state and local government, education. We do see manufacturing, industrial bookings continue at an elevated level after a strong growth in construction starts. It is focused on the EV and semiconductor manufacturing. And then when we look at our pipeline, it's very strong. And a lot of that pipeline is focused on these key verticals. I would say from a booking standpoint, we were tracking prior to the cyber incident, a little bit better. And then with the outage, I think we're somewhat slowed a bit in that last week. But I think as we look at first quarter and for the year with the pipeline that we have, we're going to see continued strong order growth. And I think when you look at our  mainly around Commercial HVAC trends, it's clear that we're gaining share pretty much across all of the industries. That's creating significant equipment sales into our Building Solutions business, which is creating a really nice installed base that we're now capitalizing on the service opportunity. In Building Solutions, our applied orders were up about 20%. And then in the ducting space, when you take out resi, our commercial ducting was up over 50%. So our portfolio of Commercial HVAC is playing out strong. And that ultimately is what's driving the installed base within our commercial -- within the Commercial Building Solutions business.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Joe Ritchie at Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Joe Ritchie: Hey guys, can we start on just the mix impact this quarter. I was a little surprised to see the Business Solutions business see $100 million impact from mix. And also because it seems like your service business has farly exceeded growth versus install this quarter. So what exactly is going on within Business Solutions that's driving negative mix and is that expected to reverse in 2024?
Olivier Leonetti: So if you look at the equipment sales today, particularly in the high end of our market, we are gaining share. This is a strong part of the market. This business is very attractive for us because for $1 of hardware, we typically generate over the life cycle of the equipment another $9 of solutions, including $4 of services. And you saw also Joe in services today we clearly have momentum. Services is growing fast, enabled by digital. And as a reminder, services is twice the profit of the average of the company. So this mix is based upon equipment sales, which would generate attractive profit with the service and UTM solution annuity.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. Got it. Understood. And I guess maybe my one follow-on question then would be on 1Q. And so to look, it's December 12, we're clearly well into the quarter. You've given a fairly narrow range for the first quarter. I guess, I'm just trying to understand two things. Number one, confidence that, that will be the range when you report results? And then secondly, just any help that you can give on the bridge? Because even if you adjust for the insurance settlement from last year, it seems like a relatively large decline in the first quarter despite flat organic sales expected this year.
Olivier Leonetti: So if you look at Q1, we see a strong order momentum continuing. If you look at, of course, the confidence, we have now a few days to go before the end of the quarter. So that by itself answer to the question. If you look at what is happening in Q1, we have strong momentum in our Building Solutions business, service, solution powered by digital is growing fast. We see weaknesses in our Global Products division, particularly as it comes from resi. We have some impact also in China. Also, we have the impact of cyber, which is about 1% of the top line, and it's difficult to dimensionalize exactly about $0.02 of EPS. And last but not least, GP now is going through a more normalized seasonality after a few years of supply chain impact.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Scott Davis of Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Davis: Hi, good morning, guys.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Scott Davis: Can you guy's give us kind of help us understand the materiality of data centers. It seems obviously really bullish commentary we've heard from many folks, and don't always think about JCI in the data center business, but certainly, you guys have a meaningful presence. So can you help size that for us?
George Oliver: Yes, Scott, let me take that one. When you look at -- as we look at data centers, we've been obviously, reinvesting in all of our applied product to have the full portfolio to be able to capitalize on what we see to be incredible growth here over the decade. And so when you look at a typical data centers, let's take a 100-megawatt data center that requires roughly about 30,000 tons of cooling. That can be served. Right now, the big trend is air-cooled chillers. We're the leader in the space with the investments that we've made and being able to deliver on those capabilities and that's where we're seeing significant growth in serving that set of customers. And so it can either be air cooled or water cooled. Of course, water cooled we're in a strong position. So roughly about 30,000 tons of cooling. So when you look at the market at 2024, we're projecting somewhere at 15 gigawatts to 20 gigawatts, which will amount to about five tons of cooling needs. Now because of our position with our strong portfolio of the full technology to serve these, we believe we're positioned to get, let's say, half of that volume going forward, which -- the overall volume would be greater than $2 billion. And so for us, this has been a position of incredible strength. A lot of that is because of our multigenerational developments we've made at our engineering center. Just a comment on that, we've -- just in the last 90 days, we've had customers representing over 20% of the US GDP at our technology center because as we're laying out long-term plans with our customers, we're making sure we're positioned with the applications that ultimately achieve their needs. And so it is a very attractive space for us, Scott. And then from a service standpoint, once we get that unit installed, we're getting very strong service growth on top of that, which will then be over the lifecycle of that installation.
Scott Davis: That's helpful, George. And when you think about putting servicing and AI kind of heat-intensive data center, is that higher margin -- A, is a higher margin? But B, is a higher margin, if it is, is it higher margin because of the complexity or because of just the scale that you're just getting so much more content into that facility?
George Oliver: Yes, I think it's both. I mean the criticality of the applications that we provide and then the ability to be able to operate within those conditions. And then from a data standpoint, making sure that we're secure relative to what we do and how we manage the data that ultimately delivers the outcomes that we can deliver. Certainly, the work that we've done around OpenBlue and the cloud-based technology there, none of that was absolutely -- was not interrupted at all with our cyber incident. So a lot of that is, we believe it's high-margin service opportunity not only at the equipment level, but then with the use of all of the data to enhance how that equipment is actually operated in their environment.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Steve Tusa: Hi. Good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Can you just provide a little bit more detail around the impact from the cyber-attack? I mean, I think you said $0.04 in the fourth quarter, but it was kind of late in the fourth quarter. And then in particular, which businesses it impacted just kind of the mechanics of the thing? And then just clarify what you're saying in the first quarter, I think you said $200 million in cash, but then $0.02 of earnings, I might have missed. I'm not sure I can reconcile like all those numbers. So maybe just a little more mechanical detail on the impact of the cyber-attack?
George Oliver: Yes. Let me give you some of the numbers. In Q4, we believe that the impact on the top-line was about 1%. It will be the same in Q1. What you have going on, Steve, I would go to the EPS impact in a second is what you lose in Q4, you recover some of it in Q1, right? That's why you have those numbers going on. So 1% in revenue in Q4 and in Q1. The EPS impact in Q4 is about $0.04 and the impact in Q1 about $0.02. What is mainly impacted is everything which is short cycle, if you need to satisfy demand for something that you need to have in inventory, if you don't have it, you lose it, that's where the impact will be. My $200 million impact in cash is lower collection in the first quarter because we're not able to build immediately as we could not be immediately then that has delayed collection. That's the $200 million, Steve.
George Oliver: Steve, just when you look at the overall event, it did create significant distraction internally. We -- it wasn't one or two days. It actually was about three weeks, which was the better part of October. So, while we're able to quantify some of the impact, I think it's harder to put a number to the overall impact in October. As you -- as we -- although we maintained operations, we weren't necessarily operating at full efficiency. But I would tell you the way that our teams have responded and actually got back to operations has been remarkable. And so I do believe, just from an overall momentum standpoint, we lost a little bit of momentum in October. But I can tell you, in November and December, we gained that back.
Olivier Leonetti: Steve, a final sort of detail. We have a substantial insurance coverage and the large proportion of our cost, including business disruption will be covered by insurance.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And so I guess I'm just struggling to see how you get from like $0.50 in the first quarter, which seems like an operating base to I don't know, $3.75 for the year. That just seems like a pretty steep hill. And I mean, are you -- I know you're probably assuming that the comps maybe get a little bit easier in some of the products businesses. But I mean, are you assuming like recovery, true kind of economic underlying recovery in some of those short-cycle businesses for the back half of the year?
Olivier Leonetti: So, what we see happening is earning growth to return during Q2. What we see today is momentum in our Building Solutions business. We talked about that at length, equipment, services, enabled by digital are resonating with our customers. We see GP stabilizing in Q2 and more normalized growth in the second half for our Global Product division. If you look at the theme for the year, commercial strength, service strength with service expected to grow high single digits plus in the year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to understand some of the free cash flow moving parts again, maybe as we talk, just dollars year-on-year is the easiest thing for 2024. So, I think you're guiding about $100 million of net income growth, about $300 million of free cash flow growth in 2024. So, just trying to understand that extra kind of $200 million in the free cash, how much of that is sort of CapEx may be coming down or working capital coming down substantially? I'm just trying to understand as well what's the full year impact of cyber in the free cash year-on-year? And if there's anything to be aware of on factoring, I know you mentioned supply chain finance? Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti: So, if you look at the key driver of free cash flow, they are going to be around working capital, mainly in inventory. If you look at our level of inventory, we are at about -- we are going to close the year at about 54 days of inventory. We used to be before those supply chain events at about 45. A day of inventory is worth about quite a lot in terms of free cash flow. So inventory is going to be a key variable. Receivables also would be unchecked to declining as we are improving the way we manage that particular balance sheet line. Some of that will include upfront payments as our cycle has been improving to satisfy demand. We're able to demand for acceleration of products. We're able to demand more upfront payment and the final one would be supply chain financing, which we are now deploying across the world. Factoring will be flat year-on-year.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks Olivier. And the cyber of $200 million free cash headwind in Q1. Is that like a headwind of $200 million for the year as a whole or are you assuming you recapture most of that in cash flow in the balance of the year?
Olivier Leonetti: It would be timing related. We'll catch that up in the second quarter.
Julian Mitchell: Okay. And then my follow-up question would just be on the pace of the EPS recovery through the year. Historically, I think Q2 is about 19% or so of full year earnings. Is that roughly what we should expect for 2024 in terms of the seasonality?
Olivier Leonetti: We are going to go through a more normalized seasonality in terms of EPS performance as now the supply chain is going back to what we had pre-COVID. If you look at the themes for EPS earnings growth expected in Q2, momentum in Building Solutions have indicated, GP stabilizing in Q2 and then going to an increase in profit contribution in the second half. Those would be the theme for the flow of EPS across the year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Olivier Leonetti: Good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Nigel Coe: Good morning. I know we've gone around this a fair amount here. But on the 1Q guide, Olivier, I really struggle to get down to that range down in flat sales and the 13% segment EBITA margin. So is there anything below the line from corporate timing, the interest or anything below the line you think about there? Just any help there would be helpful. And then on the free cash flow, the restructuring, I'm not sure if you did quantify that to Julian's question, but what sort of payback are we seeing on this restructuring action? Where should we dial in for social cost savings for 2024?
Olivier Leonetti: So if you look, let me start with the end. On free cash flow, we are going to have an impact of about 10 points of conversion to two elements. One is higher CapEx actually due to the demand we have, mainly in the data center. That's about 3-points of conversion and restructuring, we expect to have 7-points of conversion due to restructuring, the impact, the payback of those restructuring actions is about the year or below that. And we have actually quite a few projects to improve the profitability of our enterprise. On Q1, I go back to what I indicated earlier in the Q&A session of momentum in Building Solutions, that's what we see in Q1. Weakness in global product due to the resi demand, some more normalized comp as the supply chain is normalizing for our global product division and then of course, the impact of cyber.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And just on the CapEx. It just seems like it's a $60 million increase. Just wanted to -- I just verify that. But maybe you can talk -- can we just dig into the EMEA/LA segment. The margins have been struggling for so long now. And we've got installation growth in orders and backlog, but inflation is down 5% this quarter. So, I'm just wondering, if you could just maybe just talk about what the problems are in that region and what some of the fixes are?
Olivier Leonetti: So we see no structural reasons for the EMEA/LA margin to be double digits. And we expect margin to turn positive in Q2. Clearly, we have work to do in the region. The margin profile of the region is mainly due to the realization of lower margin orders into the revenue. We see that turning the other way, so turning positive in Q2, Nigel.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Olivier Leonetti: Good morning.
Andy Kaplowitz: So your orders accelerated slightly actually in Q4, up 9%, I think, for Building Solutions led by North America. And I know you talked about the strength already and Applied and in markets such as data centers. But as you know, some leading indicators of non-res have been a little weaker. So do you see order growth holding up here across your businesses throughout FY '24? And do you see your backlog staying around that $12.1 billion number for your long-cycle businesses in '24? I think any incremental color would be helpful.
George Oliver: Yes, I do, Andy, when we look at -- we've got a pretty robust tracking across all of the critical markets across the regions, and we're tracking not only lead generation to conversion to where we're positioning to deploy our resources and differentiate and ultimately win. So the pipeline generation has continued to be very strong, and it's in line with what I previously discussed as far as the segments that are driving that. And I think as we look at our service business, that's on the -- when you think about new projects and new opportunities to build install. So that has been very strong. And what we're also seeing is that on the service side, with the work that we've been doing with not only going back into the installed base, getting connectivity, getting use of the data and then bringing forward new value propositions. We're seeing significant pickup in our PSAs and being able to get longer-term contracts and build the base there. So, in spite of -- when you look -- when you segment our Building Solutions, whether it be installed, still strong, and then our ability to be able to, even in an economic decline, we should -- with the value proposition that we're bringing to our customers within service, I believe that that's going to continue to hold up. And so right now, there's no even though we look at the same metrics you look at, dodge starts and ABI and all of the key metrics being a little bit weaker, at the end of the day, with the with the way that we prioritized our growth and how we're deploying our resources, we're positioned to capitalize on where the growth will occur.
Andy Kaplowitz: That's very helpful. And then maybe you could give us just a little more color on your expectations for Global Products. Do you see global residential markets, for instance, turning positive in the second half? And as the greater segment turns, how are you thinking about the European heat pump market? I think you mentioned GP stabilizing overall in the second half, but maybe you can talk about your confidence level that destocking ends in the second quarter, as you guys mentioned?
George Oliver: Let's start with resi. As we look at the US resi market, obviously, there was challenges that set up for resi in 2023, both in units as well as overall sales with the recession. I think when we look at the reason for that, it's higher cost equipment, it's weaker consumer spending. It's now people going back to work and reducing their home improvement spending. So a lot of contributors to that. I do believe that as we look at the transition here with the refrigerant changes, we get into more stabilization, where although there will be less units, certainly with the new refrigerant launches, that's going to demand more price because of the refrigerant. And so on a sales basis, I think we're extremely well positioned now to be able to deliver our portfolio of refrigerant changes in time for the implementation on January 1. We have pulled ahead our new product interactions by as much as two or three months to ensure that we're giving our distributors enough time to rebalance their inventory and ultimately restock with the new 454B refrigerant products. And again, we're working with all of our constituents right from the suppliers to our distributors to partners to make sure we have a smooth transition. So we do believe it normalizes and somewhat stabilizes going forward. And that's on the resi in North America. When you -- your question around heat pumps, I think we believe across our portfolio, that creates an incredible opportunity for us. We believe it's about a $100 billion market. that's grown mid-single-digits. And today, we assess our portfolio, it's about one-third of our sales within HVAC, are heat pumps. And I do believe, although we've seen a pullback in Europe, and it's mainly around our JCH product that we were planning for a pretty significant pick up here, 2023, which ultimately didn't materialize that maybe that's just kind of pushed to the right a bit as some of the countries in Europe have pushed forward the implementation date and the like. And then as a result, I think consumers have pulled back and not ultimately capitalizing on the efficiency that the heat pumps represent to them. And so we're watching that closely. But I do believe that over the next -- maybe it's 18, 24 months, that will come back and come back pretty strong. And then on the commercial side, pretty much globally. We do have a leading portfolio. We're understanding now with the focus on decarbonization and sustainability that we are uniquely positioned with low GWP refrigerants across our portfolio. And we're positioned to now capitalize on that being a significant strength as we're capitalizing on some of the key markets globally. So that's kind of an assessment as I think about where we are with heat pumps.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. And it's really actually building on one of Nigel's earlier ones around restructuring and more broadly, productivity gains. You've got the $340 million of productivity savings for 2023. Is it time for kind of an updated medium-term target around productivity? And what do you see as the path forward to drive a stronger margin profile for the business? And how much does productivity play into that?
Olivier Leonetti: So we believe, Noah, that fundamentally, we have the ability to be a 30% incremental company. We will achieve improvement in margin through two levers; one, gross margin as we improve our mix as we improve our operations. And the second lever is going to be through OpEx as we keep standardizing and centralizing our operations. And we have, as we see a strong portfolio of ideas and projects to improve the profitability of our enterprise. As I indicated earlier, typically, those projects have below one year payback. We don't think we need to update today our productivity programs. I think you will see that being embedded in the guide, Noah.
George Oliver: And Noah, just to comment on that. As we have been able to strengthen our operating system globally, it hasn't identified significant opportunities continuing, so that we can capitalize on and ultimately continue to expand margins going forward to be able to get incrementals 30% plus. And so the payback that we're getting on the work that we're doing is within a year.
Noah Kaye: Yes. Appreciate it. Maybe a little bit surprised positively, I would say that the cyber incident didn't more significantly impact the service business. One, can you kind of explain why that was the case? And two, just talk about how the service and install operations performed during this challenging period for IT infrastructure for the company?
George Oliver: Noah, let me just comment on the cyber incident as a whole. What we learned is we're not alone, and this is more common phenomenon across companies like ours certainly it was unfortunate. But what I would tell you there was incredible remarkable work by our team with our business continuity plans. And so as we were impacted, our teams really responded well, staying focused on customers, continuing to work and maintain operations with incredible speed and focus. And so with that, we were obviously very proactive in how we've communicated with suppliers, customers, employees to maintain our operations. So that is the foundation of what we were able to accomplish. What I would say is that the agility that we saw and the ability to be able to -- where we were -- where we did have some compromise, be able to get the proper set of data and make sure that we're continuing to serve across the board. We're able to maintain that and stay focused on what matters, which is ultimately delivering for our customers. So even though we had a little bit of disruption in the month of October, which we talked a little bit about earlier, I believe that the work that we've done really has positioned us strong going forward, and we've seen that momentum come back in November and December.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Joe O'Dea: Hi. Good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Joe O'Dea: First question, I just wanted to ask on channel inventory trends. I think that first emerged as a headwind in the third quarter. I believe you expected to see a more meaningful headwind in the fourth quarter. And so can you size kind of what you believe you saw in the fourth quarter? And then within the guide, what type of headwind would be embedded in sort of first quarter or even second quarter of 2024?
George Oliver: So when you look at our global product book-to-bill businesses that really depend on channel, starting with resi, certainly, we saw a pullback in resi and that was obviously more so in the US versus globally, but overall, there was a decline within resi. So we've been working to offset obviously offset the inventory and get positioned for what we believe the new demand to be. And I think as you look at the book-to-bill, it's getting more normalized relative to on a go-forward basis that we've seen the adjustment -- when we look -- when we track our inventories, so I think we're back to where we were historically relative to what's in the channel with our distributors. And so I'm somewhat optimistic that, that's stabilizing going forward. When you look at the rest of our book-to-bill businesses, and it's mainly around Fire & Security controls, the same hold true there. So we think that we're through most of the headwind with the adjustment of inventory in the channel, we've also adjusted our inventory in line with what we believe the forward-looking demand to be. And so it's important that we're positioned to be able to support that demand on a real-time basis, which we are. And as we go through reviews business-by-business, looking at what is actually happening, we are encouraged that now we're seeing orders across the board starting to build back our backlog so that we can be positioned here through the course of 2024 to continue to build on the revenue base on a go-forward basis. So I mean we're somewhat optimistic, and I feel that we've -- the headwind that we saw in the second, third, fourth quarter, some of that now is normalizing, and we're back to seeing growth.
Joe O'Dea: And then I just wanted to understand kind of project activity in the market, I think 2023 would have seen still a lot of constraints as it relates to labor availability for projects, supply chain availability. What you're seeing on that front, kind of the smoothness of operating of projects at this point whether labor still remains a constraint? And then just related, I mean, office strength does come across as a bit of a surprise. And so any additional color on kind of what you're seeing in North America office? Anything that you're doing where you think you might be driving share gains there?
George Oliver: Yes. I'll talk a little bit about operations. When you look at our Building Solutions across the globe, certainly, there was significant disruption where from a cycle time standpoint, some of our projects got extended a month or two, as we look at where we are today, we're back to almost where we were. And what we're believing now is our operational, the operating system that we've deployed, we can create now cycle time as a competitive advantage and being able to respond with the improvements that we've made within our supply chain and within our factories and ultimately within the field and how we execute on projects. So I'm very confident now that, that's going to be a critical strength of ours. Your question relative to resources, we have been very attractive in being able to recruit labor, pretty much across the globe and have not been constrained by labor across both our project-based business as well as our service business. And then in our critical factories, we've been able to recruit, retain and develop, the talent is ultimately going to be critical to delivering on our capabilities. So that feels very good. As it relates to commercial buildings, even though there is a thought that maybe buildings is going to be a pullback, the work that we're doing within buildings is differentiating. And so as we go into a building now, especially with the focus on energy savings and decarbonization. There's no company that's consuming as much data as we are within the building. And so because of that, we can actually do upgrades and deploy new technologies and utilize our data platform, consume all of the data within the building, and in many cases, get a payback on what we do within the building. And so that is our focus. And now with building standards being implemented in many jurisdictions not only here in North America but across the globe, we believe that, that really presents a big opportunity for us in that space, especially with the focus on energy and decarbonization.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Just wanted to follow-up on the potential timing of the insurance recovery, the business interruption insurance, would that be a fiscal 2024 event? And is that embedded in your guidance?
Olivier Leonetti: The timing would be a 2024 event. Some elements of our cost will actually be reimbursed, we believe, in Q1. That's the goal. So we depend when the costs are incurred and when we are able to prepare our claims. So, some of it will come in Q1, certainly in this year.
Deane Dray: Okay. Well, that's -- if you get that in the first quarter, that's pretty fast. So that's impressive.
Olivier Leonetti: Some of
Deane Dray: And then, 
Olivier Leonetti: Yes.
Deane Dray: just a second question on China. Just -- it was called out several times as being a source of weakness, especially in Building Solutions. Any color there just in terms of at the margin, what might be changing?
George Oliver: Yes. So as they went through different phases of COVID, we saw a pickup last year and capitalize on that opportunity. We believe that we've built a leading position in the higher end of the commercial market there and have a very large installed base that we're capitalizing on to be able to build our Service business. We are concerned that the macro environment has continued to deteriorate, leading to concerns of the overall slowdown now accelerating. I think when we look at these macro trends, not only working against us, but our competitors. And as we have now studied the markets and looking at verticals or looking at the overall region, we are planning prudently for continued pressure in China. So we hope we're a bit wrong and maybe it comes back a little bit stronger than we suspect right now, but that's really what's embedded in our guide.
Deane Dray: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Andrew Obin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Andrew Obin: Yes guys. Good morning.
George Oliver: Morning, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Hi. Can I just think it seems that JCI is facing as we look more growth, more investment, more inflation, so more CapEx, more working capital. So how do we think about this 100% cash conversion target going forward, that we are in a more, growthy and more inflationary environment, right? How do you balance growth and growth opportunities and investment versus cash conversion?
Olivier Leonetti: So if you look at what we said in our prepared remarks, we believe that the fundamentals to allow our company to be a 100% free Cash Flow Company overtime are there. Today, to your point, we are investing in some parts of the business to support the strong growth in high-end HVAC. We believe that the level of CapEx at this level will be what we need to support the growth we see in the coming few years. The big levers of improvement in free cash flow are going to be around working capital. I mentioned inventory just a day of inventory is worth about $50 million of cash. And if you look at where we are at the end of FY 2023 at about 54 days of inventory, we used to be at 45 days of inventory, you can do the math. There was a big level of cash flow trapped in inventory, we are at it inventory are declining, as we put in our prepared remarks. We see also the ability to reduce the collection cycle. As our lead times are improving, we're going to be able to collect faster. And we are now because of the value proposition of our offering, we're able also to demand some prepayments. So some -- so those are the levers. I mentioned supply chain financing as well. So that's basically, Andrew, what is explaining the view on free cash flow and the path to be, over time, a 100% free cash flow conversion company.
Andrew Obin: Got you. And I just -- just clarify if I got it wrong. I think you had $220 million in impairments and restructuring charges, whether incremental impairments in that number? And if yes, what were they?
Olivier Leonetti: Go again. We had impairment charges, correct. Go again on the second part of your question?
Andrew Obin: What assets do we impair?
Olivier Leonetti: So we had, first of all, some open blue assets associated with the FM System acquisition. Some of those assets are part of the FM portfolio. They are better. So we're going to discontinue what we have in OpenBlue. We had an impairment associated with the business we have in Argentina. This business is impacted by high hyperinflation and also we had some restructuring charges. Those are the three key levers.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Brett Linzey with Mizuho Americas. Please go ahead.
Brett Linzey: Hi, good morning. Thanks. Just wanted to come back to price, cost. You said positive for 2024. Could you just discuss the pricing component within that framework? And how are you thinking about incremental price actions this year? I'm just curious, did the cyber disruptions in any way limit your ability to capture price ask? Any color there?
Olivier Leonetti: So on price cost today, we see price cost to be positive we believe we're going to be able to keep the level of pricing we saw in the second half of the year.
George Oliver: And when you project the full year, we see -- still see strong -- with the value propositions that we're bringing to our customers in building solutions, strong value propositions that we're pricing to and with the differentiation that we bring with our digital content that really drives margin. And then on the product side, we continue to have record launches of new product introductions, which ultimately we price to the value that we bring to the market. So we're still seeing strong pricing across the portfolio.
Brett Linzey: Okay. Great. Thanks for that. And then just a quick follow-up on the capacity expansion. Encouraging to hear, I guess, maybe just a little bit more context. Is it just simply targeted on data center? Are there other geographies? And is there any way to size what that investment was?
George Oliver: Yes. It's -- I mean, let's -- there was a big segment here that's targeted on data centers because of the position that we have and the strength that we have earned with the products that we're bringing into that segment. So as I talked with Scott earlier, we see a significant demand here over the next multiple years that we're positioned now to capitalize on in line with the customer relationships that we have. And so that's going to continue. But when you look at applied, when you look at our overall commercial HVAC business, when we -- what's happened is across the board with the secular trends around decarbonization, sustainability, efficiency. We are uniquely positioned with our technology in the way that we develop technology. We engineer and design right from the compressor to the end market, making sure that our equipment is optimized for the application that we provide. As a result of that, that has a broad base positioned us to be able to now capitalize on these secular trends broad-based, not just within data centers, but across many of the other verticals. And so as we think about the work that we've done to reinvest over the last three or four years in a position that we have, we have a very strong position across our applied portfolio that I believe beyond -- well above the economic growth that we're going to now be able to capitalize on because of that increased demand. So it's pretty broad-based.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to George Oliver for any closing remarks.
George Oliver: Thank you all for your continued interest and support and Johnson Controls. As we stand here today, we are set up for success through our strong foundation as we continue to build on opportunities to enhance our business from our margin profile, free cash flow generation and growth through the digitization of our service offering. It is all about execution. And as we look ahead, I am confident in our global team's ability to deliver value and results for our customers and shareholders as we enter fiscal year 2024. So with that, operator, that concludes our call today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call, and we thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-08-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Johnson Controls, Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Jim Lucas, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jim Lucas: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls third quarter fiscal 2023 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning, as well as the conference call slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at www.johnsoncontrols.com.  Joining me on the call today are Johnson Controls Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver; and Chief Financial Officer, Olivier Leonetti. Before we begin, let me remind you that during our presentation today we will make forward-looking statements. Listeners are cautioned that these statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Johnson Controls.  These risks and uncertainties can cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. We advise listeners to carefully review the risk factors and cautionary statements in our most recent Form 10-Q, Form 10-K and todays release.  We will also reference certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are contained in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to this presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of Johnson Controls website. I will now turn the call over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Jim, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Lets begin with slide three. Johnson Controls delivered strong quarter that met the high end of our guidance. We delivered 9% organic sales growth, adjusted segment EBITDA margin expansion of 130 basis points and 21% adjusted EPS growth.  Our longer cycle building solutions business continued to show strength globally, and service momentum accelerated, driven by our enhanced solutions and increase adoption of our digital offerings.  Orders grew 8% overall with service orders leading the way with 12% growth. Our backlog ended the quarter up 8% to $12 billion across both install and service. We remain confident in the resiliency of our backlog and order momentum as our performance during the quarter solidifies our investments in building a world-class service organization.  We continue to see a strong pipeline of opportunities and the outlook for orders in our longer cycle businesses remains robust. In our shorter cycle Global Products business are applied in rooftop businesses delivered another quarter of very strong double digit growth and demand remained strong.  We also continued to see strength in our commercial ducted and fire detection businesses. Consistent with trends in the industry, our ducted North American residential business remain soft. Overall, we are encouraged by the continued strength and good visibility across our building solution segments.  As we look ahead for the remainder of the year with one quarter to go, we are narrowing our full year adjusted EPS guide to approximately $3.55, which represents the midpoint of the previous range. At Johnson Controls, we continue to expand on the solid foundation that we have built with strong order momentum and a record backlog driving consistent top line growth. We have made good progress in enhancing profitability across our portfolio throughout the fiscal year and we have significant actions underway that we believe will result in further margin expansion.  Now turning to slide four, we have spent the past few years investing more strategically in our service business and we are seeing strong returns from those investments. During the third quarter service orders in sales, both grew 12%.  Our service business has transformed from a traditional break and fix business to helping customers proactively and more efficiently optimize management of all assets in the building. Digital is becoming an important enabler to driving more service opportunities and growth. We also accelerated sales of our higher margin parts business, which once again grew at a strong double digit pace in the quarter.  Decarbonization is an area of focus across the entire Johnson Controls portfolio. This includes our sustainable infrastructure or SI business, as well as many products and solutions in our portfolio such as heat pumps, energy-efficient refrigerants and digital solutions. In fact nearly 55% of revenue comes from sustainable products and solutions.  We continue to see strong demand in our SI business with orders growing 20% in the quarter. Heat pump sales were up mid-single digits globally, with very strong double digit growth in our applied and industrial refrigeration businesses.  During the quarter we acquired M&M Carnot, a leading provider of natural refrigerant solutions, with ultra-low global warming potential or GWP. M&M designs equipment and controls that use carbon dioxide, which has a GWP of 1. By contrast, traditional refrigerants can have GWPs in thousands, magnifying rather than solving global warming.  We've spent the past few years defining our multi-phased digital strategy to transform environments to more effectively use data to drive outcomes for our customers and we continue to gain momentum.  In the quarter we grew our connected revenue at a high single digit rate and we surpassed 16,000 connected chillers. We're now expanding OpenBlue into connecting controls and security to better optimize customer assets and improve outcomes in buildings, further differentiating our offering.  Historically, building required standalone system to manage each asset within the building. Today connected buildings are creating a single digital dashboard optimized for energy, but still require multiple systems to manage the assets. We are making great progress in creating the digital threat throughout the building life cycle and connecting controls is the next step in the evolution of this journey.  Moving on to slide five, we recently announced the acquisition of FM:Systems, which is an important next step in adding critical capabilities to OpenBlue. FM:Systems is a leader in the growing Integrated Workplace Management System or IWMS sector. IWMS furthers our OpenBlue capabilities, allowing Johnson Controls to offer a one-stop solution that helps customers accelerate their digital transformation journey, improve building efficiency, and reduce operational costs.  FM:Systems advances OpenBlues capabilities and brings a significant amount of data including service, space utilization, and real estate portfolio management. The addition of FM's capabilities into OpenBlue enhances Johnson Controls relationship with customers by providing a full suite of integrated outcome based solutions. Turning to slide six. Extreme temperatures are increasingly straining buildings, putting at a risk the ability to deliver comfortable and healthy indoor environments. Our OpenBlue Digital Solutions help optimize indoor air quality, comfort and energy consumption, while monitoring outdoor air conditions, ensuring our customers can meet their operating objectives, even in the most extreme conditions.  When paired with our OpenBlue Digital Services, we are uniquely positioned to help our customers deliver a healthy, indoor environments, while optimizing costs, reducing emissions, and ensuring HVAC equipment is operating at peak performance, ready for any condition.  We spoke earlier to the progress we are making expanding margins and we are not done. Supply chains are improving, which have normalized lead times, allowing us to create better operating leverage in our manufacturing facilities. We continue to make progress in improving our SG&A structure and have additional actions underway to further optimize our performance.  On capital allocation, we have established a track record of being prudent and disciplined. In fiscal 2023, we have returned $1.3 billion to shareholders via share repurchases and dividends, in addition to investing in several strategic acquisitions.  Climate change is a defining theme of this century. With nearly 40% of emissions coming from buildings, we have the technology and the people to turn buildings from one of the greatest challenges into one of the biggest and best solutions.  I will now turn the call over to Olivier to go through the financial details of the quarter. Olivier? 
Olivier Leonetti : Thanks George and good morning everyone. Let me start with the summary on slide seven. Total sales grew 8%, while organic sales increased 9% with strong double-digit growth in our service business. FX was a 2% headwind in the quarter. Adjusted segment EBITA increased 17% with margin expanding 130 basis points to 16.4%. Price cost was positive and we delivered strong productivity savings. Turning to our EPS bridge on slide eight, adjusted EPS of $1.03 was at the high end of our guidance and increased 21% year-over-year. Operations contributed $0.23 of the growth in the quarter, benefiting from positive price costs and our ongoing SG&A and COGS actions. Below the line, we saw headwinds from net financing costs, FX and non-controlling interest. Overall, we were pleased with the strong adjusted EPS performance in the third quarter. Lets now discuss our segment reserves in more detail on slides nine through 12. Beginning on slide nine, organic sales in our shorter cycle Global Products business increased 6% in the quarter, with 8% of price, offsetting a slight volume decline. Global Products continues to see strength in the applied business, where our rooftop business in North America has nearly doubled this year.  Fire & Security grew low single digits with continued momentum within our Fire Detection Products. Industrial refrigeration had another strong quarter growing over 20% driven by North America.  Our Global Products third party backlog increased 8% from the prior year to $2.5 billion. Adjusted segment EBITA margins declined 10 basis points against a tough comparison to 22.1%, as continued weakness in the residential North America market offset positive price cost and productivity savings. Moving to slide 11 to discuss our Building Solutions performance. Orders increased 8% organically as demand remains strong and we continue to convert our healthy pipeline. For the third consecutive quarter, service orders grew low double digits with 12% growth in the quarter as our focus strategy on transforming services into a more predictable consistent business is paying dividends.  We saw installed orders increase 6% against a tougher comparison led by double digit orders in North America in the prior year. Total sales grew 10% with organic sales increasing 11%. We saw strong double digit growth in both service and installed growing 12% and 10% respectively.  Adjusted segment EBITA increased 35% with margins expanding 240 basis points as we continue to execute higher margin backlog and recognize savings from our productivity initiatives. Building Solutions backlog remains at record levels growing 8% to $12 billion. Both service and installed backlog increased 8% year-over-year.  Let's discuss the Building Solutions performance by region on slide 12. Orders in North America increased 5% with continuous strength across our HVAC & Control platforms, up high single digits year-over-year. Overall there was robust demand in our office data center, government, manufacturing and education sectors.  Service continues to perform well, increasing 8% year-over-year, driven by our shorter turn transactional business. Sales in North America were up 10% organically with broad-based growth across the portfolio. Our installed business grew 11% with over 20% growth in new construction. Our service business maintained its strong momentum with 9% growth.  Sales across our HVAC & Controls platform grew low teens year-over-year, while Fire & Security increased high single digits. Segment margins expanded an impressive 270 basis points year-over-year to 14.4%, driven by ongoing productivity benefits and the continued execution of higher margin backlog. This resulted in a strong price cut performance.  Total backlog ended the quarter at $8 billion, up 11% year-over-year. In EMEA/LA orders were up 10%, driven by healthy growth in service up 19% year-over-year. Industrial refrigeration and HVAC & Controls had solid reserves in the quarter with each growing over 25%, driven by the decarbonization efforts in the United Kingdom and Northern Europe. By region, we saw double digit growth in the Middle East, Africa and Latin America. We saw strong demand in both our government and industrial sectors.  Sales in EMEA/LA grew 9% organically, led by mid-teens growth in service as our shorter cycle transactional business continues to have good momentum. Applied commercial HVAC grew high single digits, driven by healthy performance in Latin America.  Fire & Security grew high single digits within the quarter. Segment EBITDA margins declined 10 basis points to 8.6%, but increased 190 basis points sequentially, driven by further improvement of higher margin backlog conversion. Backlog was up 6% year-over-year to $2.3 billion.  In Asia Pacific, orders grew 14% driven by double digit growth in both service and installed. By region, China grew 14% year-over-year with continued strength in data centers and manufacturing sectors. North East Asia had growth of high teens driven by Controls. Sales in Asia Pacific increased 16% with 19% growth in service and 14% growth in install. Overall commercial HVAC and Controls grew approximately 20%, driven by the installed business within China, while Fire & Security declined low single digits. China continued its momentum from Q2 reporting 25% growth in the quarter, which included double digit growth in both service and install.  Segment EBITDA margins expanded 110 basis points to 13.9%, driven by ongoing productivity savings and the execution of higher margin backlog, resulting in positive price costs. Back log of $1.7 billion increased 2% year-over-year.  Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow on slide 13. We ended the third quarter with $1.1 billion in available cash, and net debt declined 2.1x, which remains within our longer-term target of 2x to 2.5x. Inventory turns improved sequentially and free cash flow remains a major focus, with inventory being a key driver to further improvement in the fourth quarter.  Now let's discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 23 guidance on slide 14. We are introducing fourth quarter sales guidance of approximately 4%. We expect Building Solutions momentum to continue, while Global Products faces a tough year-over-year comparison driven by inventory reduction in residential HVAC and certain Fire and Security and direct channels as lead time have materially improved.  For the fourth quarter, we expect segment EBITDA margin to expand approximately 60 basis points and adjusted EPS to approximate $1.10, which represents 11% year-over-year growth.  For the full year, we are narrowing our adjusted EPS guidance to approximate $3.55, which represents the midpoint of the prior range. This represents 18% year-over-year growth. We expect organic sales to grow high single digits and segment EBITDA margins to expand approximately 110 basis points. We expect free cash flow conversion to be roughly 70% as we make good progress on inventory reduction, while not at the level we were expecting, given some inventory reduction occurring in our indirect channels.  We see good momentum continuing to build for fiscal 24. Our longer cycle Building Solutions segments continue to experience strong orders and backlog remains at record levels. Global Product is benefiting from strength in the larger commercial HVAC space, while residential HVAC comps should ease entering the new fiscal year. We have made good progress on expanding margins this year and we are not done.  With that operator, please open up the lines for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. You may go ahead. 
Nigel Coe : Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the question. Maybe we could just unpack a little bit more the fourth quarter sales growth, especially within Global Products. So it sounds like you're still seeing, I don't know, high single-digit growth in the solutions businesses and it looks like products down mid-single digits or so. Is that correct? And maybe just talk about some of the headwinds. I mean, I think resi HVAC we understand, but maybe just talk about the First & Security Products headwinds. Maybe unpack between geographies and end markets. 
George Oliver: Yes, good morning, Nigel. Let me start by saying our overall commercial business, both products and services, remains incredibly strong. And what I would say is across the board, hitting on all cylinders, we do continue to see strong bookings in our applied, in our rooftop  commercial rooftop businesses across the board.  When you look at our Building Solutions, you know we made great progress during the course of the year, improving the margins and the service momentum now is expected to continue. And when I look at our Building Solutions business, we've got a very strong backlog. And more important is, within that backlog, the mix of services that are coming through with the momentum that we've been building and now adding FM:Systems is going to be a big add to that.  Now, referencing the orders in Q4, in revenue in Q4, when you look at our residential and Fire & Security businesses, we have been experiencing some short-term pressure in our shorter cycle book-to-bill business and it's in those two areas. The inventories in the channel are resetting as we've been able to improve lead times and so therefore there are some short-term adjustments in the book-to-bill revenues.  But what I would say is with those adjustments, we're continuing to execute with the deployment of our new products and we're seeing good traction there and as we project going forward, we still see that coming back and being very strong as we set up for 2024.  So on the resi I think it's in line with what you're seeing across the industry and on Fire & Security is mainly in our products business, which ultimately is a book-to-bill business and therefore we're seeing that adjustment. 
Nigel Coe : Okay, that's clear. Well follow-up offline. George you mentioned 24 and obviously we turn the calendar into FY24 very soon. So, maybe just talk about how you're thinking about the setup for 24, I don't know, based on the backlog conversion or customer conversations, how should we think about the top line environment for FY24. 
George Oliver: No, Nigel what I'd say is that, you know we're still building the 24 plan, but Id touch upon some key items here that I think really set us up well for 24.  When you look at the commercial markets and as I talked a little bit earlier, we see that are incredibly healthy, and are playing to our strengths, especially with the secular trends that are underway within the commercial space. And so that, we see with our orders up 8%, with our backlog up and our Building Solutions business that $12 billion and even in our Global Product business, despite some of the inventory adjustments, we are up about 8% in our Global Product business also.  And so when you look at that, that momentum is going to continue. Now if you add the stimulus spending that we don't believe has really been materialized yet, is in the background. And I believe with these secular trends and the combination of what we're doing in HVAC with our digital platform and our services are going to benefit really nicely from the investments that ultimately are going to be needed to drive sustainability.  Then if you look at our backlog, we look at this very closely. It's very resilient and very strong with the idea that we believe that even through the next quarter we've got an incredible pipeline that we're converting. We're working to develop the backlog, so that when we plan and ultimately enter into next year, we're going to have a nice backlog to work from.  Then the last is really the acceleration of the transformation of our Building Solutions business to services. You know that proposition is playing out. I would call it our flywheel, which has been accelerating, which is about creating installed base, getting that base connected with higher attach rates, with higher revenue per customer. That leads to lower attrition and then all of that spins out additional business like with our spare parts and upgrades and the like, so.  You know I feel that the current trends that we see and how we're being set up, we're going to set up for a nice 2024. But again, we can't predict the environment, but the trends that are underway, do play our strengths. 
Olivier Leonetti: An additional comment on the margin, Nigel. First of all in gross margin we see expansion gross margin, George mentioned it. Services is growing faster than install now. We are using install as a vehicle to drive service. So we should see gross margin expansion and also we're working on further SG&A leverage as we standardize and leverage also functional excellence across the organization. So top line and margin, we believe we are well positioned for 24. 
Nigel Coe : Okay, that's good detail. Thanks guys. 
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, Nigel.
Operator: Next question will come from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. You may now go ahead. 
Steve Tusa : Hi, good morning. 
George Oliver: Good morning, Steve. 
Steve Tusa : Can you just walk through a little bit the fourth quarter and this sales deceleration, as well as maybe some color on what you would expect for the margins by segment? The growth seems to be slowing pretty significantly here. Just wanted to see if that's concentrated in any particular business. Maybe just some segment color for the fourth quarter. 
Olivier Leonetti: So if you look at the top line today, in the Building Solution Business, the top line is very strong. The order moment is expected to continue in the fourth quarter. We have good visibility today based upon where we are today in the quarter.  You have in the top line some inventory adjustments happening in the channel that is impacting our shorter cycle business, resi and Fire & Security. George mentioned that that would be an impact on Global Products, but we see that as being temporary.  If you look at the margin, we believe that the fill business, our business solution, business margin will keep improving. In the Global Product business, we see the margin being slightly flat. What is happening in the global business, you have that in Q3, it's happening in Q4. So it's some absorption as we are ramping applied volumes to drive market share and lead time. We have had some absorption impact and also we are normalizing inventory. Inventory in finished goods went down by about 20 days in about two quarters, that is impacting also absorption. So that's the story in terms of margin, Steve and revenue. 
Steve Tusa : Yes, I guess for global products, what do you expect for revenue, maybe either organic year-over-year or sequentially, however you think about it, because I think that's kind of where the hole is on revenue here, it seems like. 
A - Olivier Leonetti: The revenue in global product would be growing low single digits to flat, and the margin would be expanding to flat for global products, because of the two phenomenons I've mentioned Steve. 
Steve Tusa : Yes, okay. Then sorry, one last quick one. How much price did you get in the field business in the quarter? 
A - Olivier Leonetti: We don't talk about price anymore for the building solution business, because we sell a solution. It's difficult to differentiate price from volume anymore, and we have discussed about this. But you know overall, pricing and value proposition is resonating with our customers. 
George Oliver: So Steve [Cross Talk]
Steve Tusa : So then  sorry, so I guess how do you calculate  if you don't calculate price, how do you calculate price cost then in your slides, on slide 12 for the solutions business? 
A - Olivier Leonetti: It's mainly going to impact our global business and to an extent also the field. 
George Oliver: And Steve, just a comment on that. As we've discussed, we've been building models, robust models from a COGS to value proposition standpoint, and it's calculated on, based on the inflation that we've built into our long cycle businesses and then how that plays out, to then the value proposition that we bring to our customers with the differentiated install, then ultimately which then leads to our service growth, and that's what's in the overall equation there as far as price. 
Steve Tusa : Great. Thank you. 
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, Steve. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. You may now go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. 
A - George Oliver: Morning.
Olivier Leonetti: Morning Joe. 
Joe Ritchie: Maybe just going back to the de-stocking comments in global products, I'm sure you guys have had conversations with your channel partners. It might be  you know there might be a little bit of uncertainty. But you did mention Olivier, I guess that you expect this to be temporary. What kind of sense do you get in terms of the timing of de-stocking and how elevated their inventories are today? I'm just trying to get a sense for how quickly we should get back to normal demand patterns in that business. 
A - George Oliver: Well, let me take that, Joe. On the resi side, I think in line with what everyone's seeing in the industry, we've seen a significant adjustment and we've taken that in the first half and now through the third quarter, a pretty significant adjustment. We're now  we believe we're now in line with the industry relative to our volumes and the like.  Now, when you look at, we do believe there's some additional de-stocking in Q4. But I think through that we'll set up here in the first quarter. First, second quarter of next year I think will be pretty normalized.  The other, on the Fire and Security, when you look at those businesses, it is mainly a product of when we saw a significant ramp when lead times were extended, we developed significant backlog and we've been working down that backlog.  The good news I see now is on the input side. As we're now moving forward, we're starting to see a pickup now of some of that backlog. And so our ability to be able to then take on the orders, create the backlog and then be positioned from a supply chain to respond, we're in a much better position.  And so we'll see some of that play out here in the fourth quarter as it relates to Fire and Security. But we do believe it's short term and we do believe it's totally aligned with the lead times, the lead time adjustments that have been made, and I would tell you that when we look at some of the core products and new products that we're bringing into that segment, we're seeing some nice pickup on market share with some of the new products. 
Joe Ritchie: Okay, great. That's good to hear, George. I guess maybe my second question, just going back to 2024, and just thinking about the service growth that you've seen over the last three quarters, obviously that is going to be mix accretive to the business. How do you kind of think about the margin impact that's in the backlog right now and that we should see come through in 2024 in the building solutions business. 
George Oliver: Well, as it relates to the overall growth, I mean I think this is the first that we've seen where now our service growth on a sustained basis is outpacing our install. And so when you go back to the strategy of the company with our building solutions business, was to make sure we use install very strategically and how we build our install base with our assets, with our equipment, and then with the digital assets and enable us to be able to extract, you know over the life cycle the services.  And now with the digital content that we have, we're not only enhancing what historically we've done, but it's now given us the opportunity to add additional services with the customers that we're serving. And so we feel very good about continuing to sustain that growth rate of services. That will be a natural mix, you know with the revenues that turn within our building solutions business globally.  And were seeing it; the traction is in every one of the regions. I mean, this is not isolated into one vertical or one region; it's pretty much across the board. And so with that, that combines what Olivier said around margins. We continue to drive strong productivity, both in COGS as well as SG&A. So that combined with the mix of services is going to continue to accrete margins within our building solutions business. 
Joe Ritchie: Okay, great. Thank you. 
George Oliver: Thanks, Joe. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. You may now go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Good morning, thanks to taking the questions. First, it looks like guide is now for higher amortization of intangible, and that's driving about a $0.05 EPS headwind versus the prior guide. Can you (a) can firm that math; and then (b) talk about the timing expectation for accretion on some of the acquisitions you've made. I assume those acquisitions are what's driving the higher amortization for the year. 
Olivier Leonetti: No, youre right. I'm confirming the number. What we do probably at some stage, we need to think about how we treat amortization of intangible Noah. Relative to what appears today, we are not guiding EPS in the same way we look at this. And we expect the accretion to start in at the start of next fiscal year. 
Noah Kaye: All right, that's helpful. And then, you know just to better understand the free cash flow conversion dynamics, it sounds like you do expect some inventory reduction you know here in 4Q. But as we think about what needs to happen for you to kind of get back to close to that 100% free cash flow conversions we set for 24, what are you going to be focused on? 
A - Olivier Leonetti: The inventory Noah, you mentioned it. We had a good progress in inventory reduction in Q3. We have good momentum as I indicated. We have reduced our finish goods, level of entries in days by about 20 days, so that's where the focus is.  As lead time is improving, we have seen some inventory adjustments in the channel and that is impacting on the short term, our ability to dispose of the inventory at the speed we had anticipated. But we believe it's a short term phenomenal and we believe that we are absolutely going to return to a 100% free cash flow conversion next fiscal. 
Noah Kaye: I appreciate that. Thank you. 
Operator: Next question, welcome from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. You may now go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, thank you. Good morning, everyone. I just want to come back to service margins and kind of  George and you addressed this to some degree in a prior question. But certainly the key KPI in my view in this quarter was the significant lift in North America margins in the quarter and you delivered on that. Is service mix playing a really significant role in that performance in the quarter or are we actually just seeing more kind of COGS and SG&A programs and other things you're trying to do on productivity and maybe you could just give us a little bit more color on how you would expect that North American margin to progress into the fourth quarter. 
A - George Oliver: Yes, let me reflect here Jeff. If you go back to North America and what played out last year, you might recall that a lot of the backlog that was built up during 21, prior to the significant ramp up of inflation and the backlog that turned is really what caused the margin pressure last year. And so that and then the work that we've done since then with our cost models and value proposition and pricing as a result on a go forward basis. We've been building very strong margin and backlog across the board, not just North America, but across our Building Solutions business over the last 18 months. And so a significant piece of that is the margin, we've been put in the backlog after that ramp up of pricing and the accumulation of the inflationary costs that we took into consideration into our models. That being said, North America is starting to turn relative to service as a percent of revenue and you're going to start to see that accretion on a go forward basis contributing.  Now youre also on a margin rate. We have been with the value proposition that we've had with service, we've been able to throughout the inflationary cycle, we've been able to maintain very attractive margins and so it has been through that cycle very strong and now with the mix going forward, it's going to be  continue to be accelerating the accretion and the benefit that we're going to get in the margin rate on a go forward basis. 
Olivier Leonetti: I would add Jeff, they go together. We are now driving in-store to drive services. It wasn't the case before. So you will see margin expansion also, because we are very selective on install and to your point on the SG&A, the much more is to come in terms of SG&A leverage as we standardize our operations further and we're in the middle of this and leverage functional excellence.  And we have said that and our level of conviction is actually increasing. We believe we can deliver over the next year and forward, 30% incremental for the company because of those two phenomena, margin and SG&A. 
Jeff Sprague: Right and sounds like you're noodling on maybe moving to an ex-amortization EPS construct. I wonder if you'd opine a little further on that. And just the amortization that we see, how much of that is directly kind of deal related amortization versus maybe amortization of software or other things that are running through the system?
Olivier Leonetti: It's quite exclusively relating to deals, and if you look at our peers today, we are the only one to have not adjusted for deal amortization in our EPS. So we are looking at that as a potential for next year Jeff, but all deal related. And the Tyco-Johnson Controls merger would be the lion's share of this amortization. 
Jeff Sprague: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. You may now go ahead. 
Julian Mitchell : Thanks very much. Maybe just wanting to start off with how you're thinking about that sort of slide seven and the profit drivers from price cost and productivity benefits. So you're running very strong on productivity benefits in 2023. Maybe just remind us, what's the incremental saving into 2024 that's left under the cost out program. And then how quickly should we expect that big price cost tailwind to narrow towards parity next year? Thank you. 
Olivier Leonetti: So on productivity, we are far from being done. Our program that we announced about two years ago is going to end, we're well on track. We'll deliver about $340 million for FY23 through SG&A and COGS, but much more is to come in terms of productivity, both impacting sales and G&A against standardization and driving functional excellence are going to be the drivers for this. Price cost, George mentioned it. We are very bullish about the value proposition of offering, either through solution and including services, but also through the product portfolio where we have a strong in commercial sustainability offering. So all of that should drive a margin expansion through G&A, scaling gross margin and price cost. 
George Oliver: And Julian, relative to just pure price when we're planning for 24, we see continued pricing now certainly at a reduced level. But given the continued inflation and how we're booking that inflation into our backlog, we still see pricing playing out as we plan for 24. 
Julian Mitchell : That's helpful. Thank you. And then, I guess my second question on the top line. So looking at slide 12, you have the 4% install orders growth in North America and EMEA/LA in the third quarter. Just wondered, given the sort of the macro data out there, dodge [ph] start square footage and so on, and interest rates, you think those install order numbers decelerate from that 4% in the two regions or they can sort of hold the line when you look out? 
George Oliver: So, when you look at our go to market, and we look at this very closely on a weekly, monthly basis. When you look at our pipeline, our pipeline is continuing to grow. And so as we look at whether it be domain-by-domain, or as we look at our Building Solutions now addressing these secular trends, we're building a very strong pipeline. And on a run rate basis, as we project Q4, we still see very strong order growth in Q4.  And so it is hard to dissect exactly from a vertical standpoint, because we see pretty broad strength across whether it be industrial, data centers, we talk about government, there's a lot of strength that we see here. And we're making sure that from a go-to-market standpoint, we're going to be positioned to be able to capitalize on where the growth will occur. And then the value propositions that we have as it relates to these secular trends, it really does tie to be able to create the most amount of value. And then our solutions business really builds an attractive service business from that.  And so as I set up for 24, it's going to be critical here as we pace through the fourth quarter with the order rates to really set up a backlog, because our Building Solutions business, at least from an install standpoint is pretty predictable over the next 12 months. And that backlog continues to build, and our pipeline and conversion right now in Q4 suggests that that's going to continue at a very strong rate. 
Julian Mitchell : Perfect. Thanks very much. 
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, Julian. 
Operator: Next question will come from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. You may now go ahead. 
Nicole DeBlase : Yes, thanks. Good morning, guys. 
Olivier Leonetti: Good morning, Nicole. 
George Oliver: Hey Nicole. 
Nicole DeBlase : Maybe just starting with the price cost dynamics in EMEA/LA specifically. So I know that segment is kind of lagging a bit with respect to execution of higher price backlog. Is the expectation that price cost turns positive? You know, could that happen in the fourth quarter? Is that more of like a 2024 event? 
Olivier Leonetti: So Nicole, if you look at EMEA/LA, there was nothing fundamentally different with this business, which would prevent us to reach a strong level of segment every day margin. What you have happening in EMEA/LA this quarter, and that's about 150 basis points of headwind in margin, its two things: One, pension costs, and also FX in our business in Argentina. We have a strong business in Argentina in our subscriber business.  So if you were to remove those, the margin in EMEA/LA would have increased by about 140 basis points in the quarter. You will have some of those impacts again in Q4 impacting EMEA/LA. But again, nothing structural in EMEA/LA. 
George Oliver: Nicole, when we look at all the work we've done on the price cost over the last couple of years, especially in this inflationary environment, when you look at the margins and backlog in our EMEA/LA business are very strong going forward, and so it's a matter of just the timing of the conversion. 
Nicole DeBlase : Got it, that's clear. Thanks, guys. And then just thinking about the overhang that you're seeing with gross products margin  oh sorry, Global Products margins and very tough prior year comps, I guess how do you think about fiscal 24 from that perspective? Like, do you see the potential to start expanding margins in this business again? 
Olivier Leonetti: The answer is absolutely yes. If you go back to the quarter, we had because  we are ramping the manufacturing of applied, we want that to be very competitive in lead time. We have a very competitive set of products. So as we are ramping manufacturing of lead time, we had an impact in conversion costs. Again, as we have normalized for inventory, we have produced less that is impacting conversion cost as well.  The combined impact of those two elements is a bit more than a point in the quarter, Nicole. And we believe that we will have some of that happening in Q4, but we see absolutely margin expansion happening in our global products business. 
Nicole DeBlase : Thank you. Ill pass it on. 
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, Nicole.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Snyder with UBS. You may now go ahead. 
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I wanted to follow up on the destock headwinds on the indirect side for resi, Fire & Safety. Can you just maybe quantify what that headwind means for fiscal Q4 organic growth in the guided? Like where would that 4% be if it wasn't for these headwinds? Thank you. 
Olivier Leonetti: I would say that on the year, this impact is about 1 to 1.5 and then you could do the math for also Q4. It's in the ballpark of 1 to 1.5 of full impact on the year. 
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I appreciate that and it sounds like from some of the prior commentary that you guys would expect this headwind to alleviate in the early part of fiscal 24. So obviously that's a tailwind to the 4% organic guide for the fiscal fourth quarter. Are there any sort of negative offsets there? Is there anything kind of getting worse from here as we try to build the organic bridge into next year? Thank you. 
George Oliver: So when you look at those businesses and the applied Fire & Security products we put through our Building Solutions business and we're starting to see that that's very strong and picking up and it's critical to our Building Solutions business as far as how we create value and ultimately create service, so that is coming back nicely.  And then on the indirect channel where we see the pressure, the same has happened there relative to the timing of orders based on the reduced lead times. And so our assessment based on  with the understanding that we have with our distributors and the pulse that we have across the globe that that's going to come back. That we're starting to see sequential improvement and then getting baseline here that for 24, you know assuming the economic conditions are somewhat stable.  We have been outperforming with our products and our new product launches and the like. So we are confident that we're going to  that's going to come back and we're going to be positioned to be able to pick that growth up as it adjust. 
Chris Snyder: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Gautam Khanna with TD Cowen. You may now go ahead. 
Gautam Khanna : Thanks. Good morning guys. 
Olivier Leonetti: Morning, Gautam. 
Gautam Khanna : I'm wondering if you could comment on supply chain and your own lead times, manufacturing lead times and whether you anticipate that will have any impact on orders, just as lead times shrink. Is there a risk of kind of an order  less urgency to place orders that could show up in any given quarter and if so, when would you expect that to be a potential factor if at all? 
George Oliver: Well Gautam, we've seen that, it's already been playing out here over the last, really the last couple of quarters as it relates to our global products business. Because everyone, as supply chain began to improve and lead times reduced, it allows our customers to be able to back off what they have to carry and still be able to deliver on their commitments. So that has been playing out.  We think that there's still a little bit left here with resi going forward. So a little bit more in the indirect Fire & Security, but we've already seen a lot of that impact on our book-to-bill business in over the last couple of quarters. So we're positioned here to get through that over the next quarter or two and that'll be positioned to be able to build backlog and have conversion, strong growth in 24. 
Gautam Khanna : Has there been any spillover effect of the direct channel, that lead times have come in?
George Oliver: No, on the direct channel actually because we ultimately  you know from end-to-end we are responsible for delivering to the customer. So whether it be even in our Resi direct stores, we saw a nice growth in our resi direct stores because we ultimately own the channel and we saw a nice pickup there.  On our Building Solutions business, you know as far as the predictability of our projects and how we're converting, we're very tight relative to what is going to be consumed and how we're going to deploy it to the field. 
Olivier Leonetti: And George said that earlier, Gautam, the order rate for the Building Solution business is very strong in Q4. 
Gautam Khanna : Yes, thank you very much guys. 
George Oliver: Thank you. 
Operator: The last question will come from Andrew Obin with Bank of America. You may now go ahead. 
Andrew Obin: Yes, good morning. Can you guys hear me? 
George Oliver: Yes, we can Andrew. 
Andrew Obin: Yes, so as we think about these, semi-fabs and EV plans, I think Ethan was kind enough to give us sort of range for average content per plant. Could you guys just sort of do something similar? You know, how big a unit goes on average into one of these, so we can just sort of size the opportunity.  And then the part two, when do you guys actually book these projects in your backlog formally? Right, at what stage. Is it a year into construction, just trying to sort of follow up on your commentary. How you should start booking more equipment eventually, but just trying to size the timing and scope of this into 24. Thank you.
George Oliver: Let me talk about the, on the front end of demand. And so what you've seen over the last couple of years, we have been very aggressive not only with the development of our product portfolio, but also our capacity to be able to serve the market. And if you look at our orders in applied, we have been getting more than our fair share. We believe that market share-wise we are up a number of points here on a year-on-year basis. We've been building backlog in our applied equipment, and we can follow up and get you an average size.  But right now, because of the expansion, we've more than doubled our capacity. And so, and we're pacing with full utilization of that capacity. So we're ultimately making sure that we're going to be positioned with the demand. And that from a lead time, seeing a point that's been very important to be able to then be able to respond and be able to create the value with our offering and then be able to then convert on time, to be able to capitalize on the demand.  Some of these projects are  they are  it can be over a year. But a lot of the  there are now a lot of projects coming into the market that cycle time matters, and you can create a lot of value because you have a short of lead time, where we have orders that we're taking on now that we're going to deliver next year in 24. And so from a positioning in the market, we have positioned ourselves to get a very strong order book in our applied business. And that is a core strength of ours across the globe. And it relates to what you said, EV plants, data centers, the chip manufacturing plants and the like.  And so on the average size that you can imagine, when you get these large data center customers, they have very large installations, and have multiple pieces of equipment that are deployed to be able to support the capacity that they are building. 
Olivier Leonetti: And additional color Andrew, we mentioned that earlier, the stimulus we have had in the U.S., or in Europe, so the IRA or the equivalent stimulus in Europe, have not impacted the demand so far. So we believe that those trends we are starting to see are going to be maintained. And last one, we book an order when we received a signed firm contract Andrew. 
Andrew Obin: Got you, okay. And just a follow-up question on supply chain, are you seeing any ability as some companies are talking about disinflation or even deflation? Are you finally getting back ability to extract pricing concessions from your supply chain into 24? 
George Oliver: Yes, we've always said, when you look at our procurement organization and the work that they do, even through this period of time, we've been strategically sourcing and making sure we're leveraging our scale and demand to drive productivity, drive savings, to try to offset some of the inflationary pressures on the commodities and the like.  So our team has done a really nice job through the cycle to do that, and the answer is of course, yes. I mean, we're now planning for continued strong productivity with our scale, with our buy, making sure that we're positioned at the lowest cost, with the leverage of our overall volumes that gives us a competitive advantage, when you look at our product cost or all of our costs within our cost of goods. 
Andrew Obin: Thanks so much. 
George Oliver: So on that, I want to close the call. I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning and certainly your continued interest in Johnson Controls. I do believe we're at the beginning of an era that will be defined by deep decarbonization and sustainability. And we are, as Johnson Control is well positioned to be an important contributor to empowering our customers in every industry to create healthy, safe spaces for people on the planet.  And I think our strategy is clear. It's playing out. We have a strong portfolio and now it's just about continued execution. So with that operator, that concludes our call today. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-05-05 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Johnson Controls Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note todays event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jim Lucas, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jim Lucas: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls second quarter fiscal 2023 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. Joining me on the call today are Johnson Controls Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver; and Chief Financial Officer, Olivier Leonetti. Before we begin, let me remind you that during our presentation today, we will make forward-looking statements. Listeners are cautioned that these statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Johnson Controls. These risks and uncertainties can cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. We advise listeners to carefully review the risk factors and cautionary statements in our most recent Form 10-Q, Form 10-K and todays release. We will also reference certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are contained in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to this presentation, both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of Johnson Controls website. I will now turn the call over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Jim and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Lets begin with Slide 3. We are proud of our second quarter performance, which saw sales, segment EBITA and adjusted EPS all exceeding the high-end of our guidance. During the quarter, sales grew 13% organically as we realized strong pricing and improved volumes across both our shorter cycle global products and longer cycle business solutions. The overall demand backdrop remains robust with orders growing 8% for Business Solutions and continued momentum with service orders growing 14% in the quarter as the adoption of our digitally-enhanced solutions continues to materialize and provide value for our customers. Our resilient backlog grew 9% to a record $11.7 billion and our service backlog increased by 15%. We made great progress executing on our higher margin backlog build and continue to convert at a faster pace, resulting in improved gross margin performance and strong incrementals. In addition, we realized $75 million in productivity savings and are on track to meet our targets of delivering $340 million in savings for the full year. As a result, adjusted segment EBITA margins expanded 120 basis points. As we move into the second half of the fiscal year, our strategy remains sound as we continue to execute our resilient backlog, deliver on our productivity initiatives and advance our digital transformation. Our pipeline remains healthy and we expect momentum to stay positive. While global macro conditions remain uncertain, we are confident in the fundamentals we have built across our business. Our visibility into the second half of the year provides confidence in raising the lower end of our full year adjusted EPS guide, which Olivier will provide more details on later in the call. We continue to anticipate strong top line growth and backlog conversion in the second half, which should lead to continued margin expansion. Now turning to Slide 4, we continue to demonstrate our unique value proposition and accelerated our leading position through our pillars of growth. We have a significant market opportunity ahead of us connecting smart, healthy and sustainable buildings. As the call for climate action intensifies, we are seeing strong tailwinds for our sustainability, infrastructure and decarbonization offerings. As we have stated in the past, nearly 40% of global energy emissions come from buildings. At Johnson Controls, we play a vital role in helping our customers bridge the gap towards a net zero future. Our systematic approach to digitization is creating a new class of smart buildings, helping reduce energy emissions, improve efficiency and optimize cost. We are well positioned to capture secular trends to help build towards a more sustainable future. OpenBlue is a key differentiator as we advance our leadership position across our vectors of growth. Last quarter, we highlighted the significant progress through our digital transformation journey. And today, we continue to see increased adoption of our OpenBlue platform across multiple use cases. By combining our dynamic product portfolio and services, we are making significant progress in expanding our global footprint of smart building solutions, helping better serve our direct channels through real-time monitoring of connected devices. Our integrated domain expertise and unique capabilities set us apart and we look to continue this momentum as we help our customers deliver their objectives. While we continue to scale and capitalize on these emerging opportunities, we remain committed to building on our strong operational foundation in further expanding our margin profile. We have made great strides in successfully navigating inflationary headwinds and supply chain constraints over the year. As these have eased, our ability to execute is important. We see the results through our progress with our suppliers, disciplined pricing approach and delivering on our productivity savings plan. Lastly, we look to maintain our prudent approach to capital allocation and drive long-term shareholder value through our attractive dividend growing in line with net income as well as consistent share repurchases. Year-to-date, we have returned over $700 million in capital, including roughly $250 million in share repurchases and nearly $500 million in cash dividends. Moving on to Slide 5, there has been a lot of focus in the past couple of months around commercial construction, particularly with regards to the commercial office sector. While Johnson Controls does have exposure to this sector, it represents a small portion of our overall business. In addition, we have a large installed base, and there continues to be demand for retrofit projects. This slide highlights the overall diversity of the Johnson Controls portfolio. Within Commercial, we are diversified with exposure from retail, lodging and hospitality, sports and entertainment to warehouses. Beyond Commercial, we have a broader exposure to Institutional, Industrial, Data Centers and Government sectors. Funding both for new construction and especially retrofit comes from many different avenues. There remains a lot of pent-up stimulus funds in both the U.S. and Europe that have not yet been released. We have a strong backlog today, and we continue to see a long runway for growth as we leverage our broad portfolio of products and solutions. In addition to our diversification of the verticals we serve, a key differentiator of our portfolio is the ability to leverage our large global installed base of equipment. As we further digitize our offerings to create smart connections, we can create more predictive outcomes for our customers as we help them use the power of data to make net zero a reality. On to Slide 6, service is a key area of focus for us as we leverage our large installed base. We once again saw a strong double-digit growth in sales and orders. We are making tremendous progress in taking what has historically been a mechanical break and fix business in building a solutions-based business that creates a higher margin recurring revenue stream from our large installed base. As we create more predictive outcomes, it not only helps our customers achieve better results, but it also allows us to better leverage our global field operations more effectively. We are creating more standardization across our field operations and capturing better data from our connected solutions. As a result, our higher-margin Parts business grew over 20% in the quarter, and we see this as a growth contributor to our overall service strategy. Decarbonization is an area of focus across the entire Johnson Controls portfolio which includes our sustainable infrastructure or SI business that the KPIs on this slide represent. In addition to SI, decarbonization touches many products and solutions. Nearly 55% of our products and solutions drive sustainability. This includes heat pumps, energy-efficient refrigerants and digital solutions, to name just a few. As an example, when we upgrade an asset or a solution in the field, it drives efficiency at the building level such as software for controls or upgrading a chiller. Within SI specifically, we continue to see strong orders, revenue growth in a very healthy pipeline. The healthy buildings market opportunity remains strong as evidenced by our almost $2 billion pipeline. We are seeing increased traction among both federal and international regulators as productivity benefits associated with well-managed indoor environments come to the forefront. Recently, the European Parliament voted to include a promising enhancement to the energy performance of buildings directive, which would require indoor environmental quality monitoring of buildings. Johnson Controls is encouraged by the latest developments as the IEQ language has the potential to drive increased adoption of digital building systems and deliver improved health and wellness all while accelerating the decarbonization of buildings. Turning to Slide 7, we are honored to be continually recognized for our dedicated sustainability efforts. During the quarter, we received several recognitions, including being named as one of the Worlds Most Ethical Companies for the 16th time by Ethisphere. We were especially honored to be named to the Clean200 for the eighth consecutive year. Every year, 200 out of more than 6,000 companies are selected for the high proportion of their revenue earned through a sustainable business. We are proud of the recognition and well continue to further our strategy to help tackle building emissions globally. I will now turn the call over to Olivier to go through the financial details of the quarter. Olivier?
Olivier Leonetti: Thanks, George and good morning, everyone. Let me start with the summary on Slide 8. Total sales grew 10%, while organic sales increased 13% with strong double-digit growth across each of the segments. Price contributed 10% during the quarter and volumes were up 3%, which was offset by a 3% FX headwind. Adjusted segment EBITA increased 20% with margin expanding 120 basis points to 13.8%. Price/cost was positive and we delivered strong productivity. Turning to our EPS bridge on Slide 9, adjusted EPS of $0.75 was favorable to the high end of our guidance by $0.01 and increased 19% year-over-year. Operations contributed $0.12 of the growth in the quarter as price costs continue to gain momentum, and we saw a good drop through on our improved volume. Our SG&A and COGS initiatives delivered $0.09 of growth. Below the line, we did see headwinds from nonrecurring corporate items, FX and net financing costs. Overall, we were pleased with the strong adjusted EPS performance in the second quarter. Lets now discuss our segment results in more detail on Slide 10 through 13. Beginning on Slide 10, organic sales in our shorter cycle Global Products business increased 12% in the quarter, benefiting from strong price realization of 9% and 3% volume growth. We saw strong growth across most of the portfolio, led by greater than 20% growth in commercial HVAC. This growth occurred in both applied and light commercial, where demand remained strong. Global Residential declined low single-digits as modest growth in the rest of the world partially offset high teens decline in North America. This was a continuation of channel inventory being reset which we will expect to continue for another quarter or two. Fire & Security grew low double digits with continued momentum within our 5 detection products. Industrial refrigeration also experienced double-digit growth in the quarter, driven by solid growth in both North America and EMEALA. Adjusted segment EBITA margins expanded 250 basis points to 18.6% as price costs continue to improve and productivity was positive. Moving to Slide 12 to discuss our Building Solutions performance. Orders increased 8% organically as China rebounded from COVID-related impacts during the first quarter. We saw healthy growth in install orders of 5%, and were especially pleased with service orders growing 14%. Our focus and investment around increasing our service offering continues to gain momentum. Total sales grew 11%, with organic sales increasing 13%, made up 10% price and 3% volume growth. Service revenue grew 11% and installed revenue increased 15%. Adjusted segment EBITA increased 16%, with margins expanding 50 basis points, led by positive price costs and improved productivity. Building Solutions backlog remain at record levels, growing 9% to $11.7 billion. Service backlog grew 15%, while installed backlog increased 8%. Lets discuss the Building Solutions performance by region on Slide 13. Orders in North America increased 8% with strong growth in our government and manufacturing sectors. Service orders grew 14%, with double-digit growth in both recurring and nonrecurring contracts. Overall, demand continues for HVAC and controls, which grew high single digits within the quarter. In aggregate, fire and security orders grew mid-single digits. Sales in North America were up 14% organically with broad-based growth across the portfolio. Our installed business grew 17% with strong growth in both retrofit and new construction, which grew 15% and 20%, respectively. Service continues to perform well, up 9% year-over-year with high-teen growth in our shorter-cycle transactional business. HVAC and controls remain a strong part of the portfolio growing high-teens year-over-year, while fire and security increased low double-digits. Segment margins expanded 190 basis points year-over-year to 12.5%, driven by ongoing productivity benefits and the execution of higher margin backlog resulting in positive price/cost. Total backlog ended the quarter at $7.7 billion, up 13% year-over-year. EMEALA, orders were up 7%, led by mid-teens growth in industrial refrigeration and mid-single-digit and low single-digit growth across our fire and security and HVAC and controls platforms, respectively. Overall, service orders grew 13% and led by double-digit growth in our recurring plant service agreements, primarily in security. By region, we saw strong double-digit growth in both Middle East, Africa and Latin America. Sales in EMEALA grew 12% organically with strong low double-digit growth in both service and in store. Our shorter-cycle transactional business was the main contributor to the overall service growth with our recurring plant service agreements reporting solid growth of low double-digits. Overall, momentum continues to build within applied commercial HVAC and fire and security where each contributed to mid-teens growth within the quarter. Segment EBITA margins declined 270 basis points to 6.7% in as headwinds from nonrecurring items offset operational improvements year-over-year. Backlog was up 5% year-over-year to $2.3 billion. In Asia-Pacific, order grew 9% with 20% growth in service, led by strong growth in our shorter cycle transactional business. Overall, install orders grew 6% organically. By region, China recovered from COVID-related lockdowns in Q1 with strong growth of greater than 30% in the second quarter. Sales in Asia Pacific increased 15% with strong mid-teens growth in both service and install. Overall, commercial HVAC and controls grew high teens, while fire and security declined low single digits. China gained momentum as the country continued to reopen during the quarter with strong sales growth of 16%, which included double-digit growth in both service and install. We expect continued recovery with a solid second half performance in China. Segment EBITA margins declined 10 basis points to 11.8% as positive price cost was offset by FX headwinds over the quarter. Backlog of $1.7 billion declined 3% year-over-year. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 14, we ended the second quarter with $2 billion in available cash and net debt remained at 2.2x, which is within our long-term target range of 2x to 2.5x. Free cash flow did turn positive in the quarter as anticipated. Inventory improved sequentially and free cash flow remains a major focus with inventory being a driver to further improvement in the second half. Now lets discuss our fiscal year 23 guidance on Slide 15. Were introducing third quarter organic sales guidance of approximately 10% as price continues to be a strong contributor. For the third quarter, we expect segment EBITA margin to expand 120 to 130 basis points and adjusted EPS to be in the range of $1.01 to $1.03 which represents a year-over-year growth of 18% to 21%. On the full year, we are once again raising the lower end of the wide range introduced at the beginning of the year. Our new adjusted EPS range reflects what has been at the top of the range we had discussed as a base case the last two quarters. Our full year adjusted EPS guidance range is now $3.50 to $3.60, representing growth of 17% to 20%. On the top line, we anticipate organic sales to grow approximately 10% for the full year. We now expect segment EBITA margins to expand 100 to 120 basis points as we continue to execute on fulfilling our higher margin backlog. We expect full year free cash flow conversion to be 80% to 90%, recognizing that second half free cash flow will be driven by inventory reduction. We are pleased with our first half performance and see solid momentum entering the back half of the year. Our pipeline remains robust across all our vector of growth and our productive initiatives remain on track. With that, operator, please open up the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And todays first question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
George Oliver: Good morning, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Thanks for the questions. So you guys are the last one. So good to finish on a pretty good high here. So on the price cost, we appreciate the extra disclosure around this, 170 for the quarter, roughly half of that in Global Products. Any sense or any kind of color on how that price cost tailwind looks in 3Q and 4Q?
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you for you question. Price cost will remain positive, of course, in the line rate for the second half of the year as we keep materializing the strong margin backlog we have in the P&L.
George Oliver: In addition, when you look at our base business, what you see happening is all the work that we did through the course of last year, building a very strong backlog with very strong margins. As you see, as we begin to turn that, were seeing a nice pickup in the margin rate, which is exactly what we expected.
Nigel Coe: Okay. But no hard disclosure around price cost, okay? And then on the pie chart of the exposure, I thought that was really helpful. So roughly 20% Commercial. Obviously, that includes service renovation and new builds. So who is  to distill is down to just the commercial office new builds, what the message here is its like low single-digit exposure to commercial office new build. And so if you can just maybe just comment on that. And then thinking about the exposure to regional bank lending, when you look around that pie chart, where do you see the exposures over and above commercial office?
George Oliver: Hey, Nigel, let me touch upon the commercial exposure. I think its important to understand the secular trends that are underway and well underway within our sector around sustainability, healthy buildings and digital. And I think the value proposition that were bringing to ultimately address these issues do play out across all of the verticals that we support. Now when you look at the commercial sector, we typically are 50% new build and 50% retrofit. And so were still seeing very strong not only the conversion of the new build that has been started, but were seeing a pickup of opportunities as were retrofitting that space now with digital, with upgrading equipment as well as then now focusing on outcomes that we can create now leveraging the connectivity that we have in the building, the data, the way you extract and then using that data to reduce energy consumed and just overall efficiency of the building. So I think right now, even though thats been a concern, as far as the overall pipeline that were developing around is still very strong. And we stay focused on how we differentiate and ultimately then deliver on the challenges that our customers are facing. Relative to the banks, maybe Olivier, you can share your thoughts.
Olivier Leonetti: So as we put in Georges preparing remarks, we have a low exposure to the office business. Your number is in the ballpark, Nigel. Our customers also have many funding sources. So we dont see today an exposure to what is happening in the U.S. in the banking industry. Another data point, as George indicated, the backlog is strong and very resilient, which is another indicator about the strength of the financing sources.
Nigel Coe: Right. Okay, I will leave it there. Thanks a lot guys.
George Oliver: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
George Oliver: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Hi, good morning. These service orders look order line fantastic, actually. Im wondering if you could provide a little bit more color on the composition. Obviously, you introduced the call with highlighting some of the secular things that you put in place. But when we think about, for example, North America service orders up 14%, should we think of that as driven by existing customers who are taking more of your upsell? Is that the primary driver or is this a recapture of installed base that maybe you werent serving before. Im sure its a lot of different things, but I just wonder if you could kind of characterize maybe the key drivers there.
George Oliver: So let me just  Jeff, let me lay out the fundamentals of our service business. Historically, it has been a mechanical break fix business. And as weve been transforming the company with digital, going back and making sure that all of our installed base is connected, we ultimately then use the data to not only enhance the traditional services that we perform, but then add on additional value propositions with energy and space utilization. There is a lot of things that we can do with now the capabilities of OpenBlue. And then ultimately, with that, we get better value propositions and better delivery. Our attrition comes down. And then ultimately, we believe we can sustain double-digit growth with that model. When you look at the quarter, we were up 11% revenue growth, like we said, 14% orders. But the underlying to your question, when you look at connected chillers, were up 100% year-on-year. Were up almost 14,000 chillers that are connected. They are real time, were collecting data. Were performing service and then were ultimately creating new opportunities on top of that with additional revenue. And then when you have these agreements in place, you get significant pickup on additional service beyond just the contract that we have. So our PSAs when we talk about performance service contracts, were up double digit. And thats increasing our recurring revenue base on a forward-looking basis that were going to be able to achieve, being able to support those customers. And so when you look at the service business  and then the last thing we highlighted is when you do that with the insights that were creating, we can create events  predictive events, which ultimately drive upgrades predictably versus reactively that ultimately generates business. And so our Parts business is up well over 20% year-on-year as a result of the work were doing. So it really takes everything weve been talking about as far as mining the installed base, our connectivity to the installed base, were up over 600 basis points since Investor Day and in the quarter, 146 basis points year-on-year. And so that is creating the base that we ultimately then go create new value propositions, supporting our customers, especially along the lines of these secular trends.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thanks for that. And then just on Europe and corporate, it sounds like you took a couple of hits that you just digested and moved on. Can you give us some sense of what these were, how large they were and if they are kind of truly non-recurring in nature?
Olivier Leonetti: Absolutely. So for EMEALA, the fundamental of the business is the same as for the field business, meaning we have accumulated rich margin orders in the backlog and those rich margin orders are today being realized in the P&L. We dont see them yet in EMEALA because we had some non-recurring items. Two things, we had last year some tax credits, which are not being reproduced  the tax items, which are above the line. And we have this year also some UK pension one-off cost which are impacting the EMEALA performance. We expect the EMEALA performance to increase sequentially in Q3 by a sizable amount, and we expect EMEALA performance in Q3 year-on-year to be about flat. So thats for EMEALA.  For corporate, no structural increase to our cost in corporate, again some one-off, which were good last year for about $20 million, some one-off this year, which are impacting negatively our P&L. Its a range of items, but no recurring increase in corporate costs.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thanks, I will leave it there.
George Oliver: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hi, good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Steve Tusa: Just on the answer to Nigels question, just to be clear, that commercial, thats your total revenue. So thats not  there is also global exposure outside of the U.S. And you mentioned 50-50 split between retrofit and new, that obviously does not include services as well, you were talking about the equipment split there?
George Oliver: See, when we look at our revenues, that takes into everything we do within those verticals for the company, including our Global Products business and then the field business, both install and service. Through cycles, the new construction goes down, the service and retrofit goes up. But as weve been now capitalizing on the opportunities with the new service offerings that we have, we are seeing a natural pickup of additional retrofit because of that along the lines of these secular trends.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then just lastly on the EMEALA margins, can you maybe talk about the timing of price cost coming through there? Is there any  regionally, is there any kind of like a lag or lead relative to the inflection youre now seeing in North America?
Olivier Leonetti: We should see the margin to pick up, Steve, in Q3 sequentially by more than 2 points sequentially. And as I indicated, we should be about flat year-on-year. The underlying performance of EMEALA is very strong, as I indicated, and the backlog margin is now being realized at an elevated rate.
Steve Tusa: And are you still for the third quarter kind of reaffirming the  what you had said last quarter with the  I assume with the guidance being as strong as it is for the third quarter on margins that youre still comfortable with the profile of the strong year-over-year at North America field?
Olivier Leonetti: Correct. The numbers we discussed, Steve, are still intact for Q3 across the plat [ph] including for North America.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
George Oliver: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Good morning, thanks for taking the questions. So youve got the acceleration in orders sequentially this quarter on a tougher comp. Maybe comment on orders expectations for the back half and pockets of strength that you see?
George Oliver: Yes. When we look at whats happening commercially, you got to look at right from the pipeline were developing to how they are converting and what our backlogs are and how they are going to turn. Ill start with the backlog. The backlog is up 9% in the field year-on-year. When you look at the  whats within that backlog, where weve  its very resilient and in line with our core strengths. When we look at North America applied  applied chillers were up, our backlog is up over 30%. And our revenue turn was roughly about 40%. When you look at all in relative to our revenue. And thats continuing. Were seeing capitalization of the trends that are underway. We have a very competitive product lineup and were actually gaining share. When you look at light commercial globally where backlog is up 30% and revenues returning about 30% so extremely strong performance within the commercial sector. When you look at North America commercial, which rooftops in addition to the applied, were on a run rate now with backlog significantly up, and were turning now better than 60% growth. And so our focus has been how do we continue to strengthen the pipeline, the conversion and then with the capacity expansion weve had and the resolution of some of these constraints from a supply chain standpoint, has really helped us not only reduce lead times, so we can ultimately continue the growth, but now being able to execute on the revenue growth. And so as we look at the secular trends, in the pipeline development around sustainability, healthy buildings, digital now with the digital deployments that we have, we see still a very strong pipeline. And so our focus is how do we make sure within that pipeline, we differentiate with our products. We differentiate with our solutions, leveraging digital, and that is what ultimately gives us confidence that we can continue to convert in a very positive way here through the second half.
Noah Kaye: Okay. Thanks, George. And then maybe you can characterize the inventory build in terms of composition and how you see that working down. Certainly, its normal to see some seasonal build in parts of the business, but that sort of longer cycle, higher components portion of it, but just being interested in your characterization. Thanks.
George Oliver: Yes. Let me address that, and then Olivier can talk about the financial impact. As you look at whats happened over the last couple of years, we had significant disruption. And as a result of that, we built up inventory. All of that peaked from a day standpoint in the first quarter. Weve had the entire team now, now that weve been really leaning out and getting our capacity in place and working with our key suppliers, weve got the supply chain working pretty well. And so as a result of that, were not only making sure that were protecting the significant ramp in the second half on the commercial backlog that I discussed, but then making sure that we can rebalance all of our input to output relative to the material required. And so weve got line of sight to a pretty significant step down in Q3 and in Q4, which gets us back to where we need to be from an overall inventory perspective.
Olivier Leonetti: Not much more to add. If you look at the inventory turns in Q2, we improved sequentially by 6 days. We didnt want to reduce the inventory by much more than that due to the strong demand we will have to satisfy in Q3. For the full year, we expect inventory to be back at the level it was at the end of 22. And as we have discussed before, we want to keep improving the inventory turns as we get into 24.
Noah Kaye: Thats very clear. Thanks for the color.
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Davis of Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Davis: Hi, good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis: George, the parts numbers that you gave, kind of echo Spragues comment on service and parts, pretty amazing. What  I mean, I understand digital is a big role here but is there any way to think about kind of your capture rates and how they have improved over time with digital? Is it  Im trying to picture for the most part, if something breaks, people want to replace like-for-like, but maybe around the world, its not always that case? But how much has digital, I guess, improved your take rates or capture rates on those spare parts, I guess, is my question.
George Oliver: Okay. So I think youd start with the installed base that were serving, and were up pretty significantly another 150 basis points. So we have  and with  whats driving that, Scott, is the connectivity. So we go back, we make sure that its connected, we have the utilization of the data. We then manage what we traditionally have managed. We get productivity from that. We improve our value delivery and then we have with the insights after 3 months, 6 months, 9 months, were comparing that performance to the fleet. And that gives us and we know what vintage the equipment is and then historically, we know predictably where issues are going to ultimately arise. And so what we do is we then go back and do upgrades with parts and continue and this is to avoid any catastrophic failure or just to improve overall efficiency. And so when you look at our connected chillers now, our connected equipment, were reducing attrition about  its about half of what the traditional service customer attrition was. And so you get higher penetration of the installed base. Youve got more ability now to use data to create value propositions on energy, on efficiency, overall utilization. And then when you look at some of these bigger secular trends around sustainability, healthy buildings and then ultimately smart buildings, it becomes the platform that we can then utilize all of our OpenBlue applications to build on top of. So its a combination of all of that. And then if you look at historically what has happened when we do have a contract, were seeing significant pickup when we say L&M is because its coming out of the utilization of data and then how were presenting additional opportunities to the customer to then be able to capitalize on. Does that help, Scott?
Scott Davis: Yes. No, it does. And I think maybe just as a natural follow-on, when you use the term vintage, I think is appropriate. I think there is always been a view that these  the big chillers just last forever. And in fact, they seem to last a very long time. But given decarb or other drivers, are you seeing the actual kind of useful life or vintage come down because there is a greater interest in people pulling 35-year old or 30-year-old units out of service because it just doesnt make any sense, where maybe in the past, it did make sense to keep them alive?
George Oliver: So what I would say is weve actually seen both. We have assets that we can go in and on a run rate basis, significantly reduce energy consumed to benefit the customer and ultimately address some of the sustainability challenges that they are facing. Then in other cases, we can put a value proposition together to upgrade the equipment, to deploy digital and then to get a payback based on how those  that equipment is actually operating. So thats what we do through our sustainable infrastructure business, which today, we have a significant pipeline that were working to convert. Its about $7 billion. And so Scott, it really depends on what the current operations out, what the current age of the equipment is, how its operating. And then what we do is try to provide our value proposition that is the best in their case that ultimately achieves what they are trying to set out to do.
Scott Davis: Very interesting. Thank you. Best of luck, guys. Appreciate it.
George Oliver: Thanks, Scott.
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Chris Snyder with UBS. Please go ahead.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. So volumes in the quarter really stood out with a nice improvement to up 3% versus, I believe, down 1% last quarter. Does this pickup just reflect the catch-up in volumes pushed out of last quarter or more so supply chain improvement or company capacity additions. And with that, we look at like around 9% organic in the back half, how much volume is expected on that?
George Oliver: Well, let me start by saying, operationally, we have seen significant improvement across our portfolio. So when you look at our velocity in the field-based business, youre definitely seeing recovery in the backlog because that had built as we  as you recall, last year, we had extended our project cycle times because of supply chain and other challenges. That now is getting back in line. So thats some of the reduction and then the  or the increased revenue. And then in the products business, the same holds true. We have really done some significant work in how weve expanded our capacity to now capitalize on these trends to be able to be competitive with lower or shorter lead times in the market, to continue the growth in the backlog, which is what weve done. And so its a little bit of both where were covering the backlog and then because of our ability to be able to better serve customers, that is ultimately helping us to be able to drive growth.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I appreciate that. And then I also wanted to follow-up on service orders, but specifically the relationship between service and equipment orders. Service obviously has some pretty good secular tailwinds with OpenBlue and the market share opportunity that brings. But there are also is a connection between service and equipment when we look at attaching, right? So I guess my question is, if we do hit a period of cyclical pressure and equipment orders are down on that, what is the ability or the opportunity to kind of grow service orders through the cycle? Thank you.
George Oliver: Lets start with the overall model. So it starts with the installed base. And even though weve made significant progress, we still are currently performing service on short of about half  about 50% of the base that we put out into the field over the last couple of decades. And so the opportunity for us is to continue to penetrate that installed base, doing upgrades, deploying digital and then ultimately providing these outcomes that I think with the combined portfolio that we have, which is the leadership HVAC, equipment portfolio and a leadership building solutions, the two combined to be extremely differentiating relative to the outputs that we can create. And so we believe that the continued expansion of the attach rate to that installed base, the ability to be able to connect, use data, there is significant value that we generate to our customers. And in any downturn, the single biggest reduction is energy savings. And so when we deploy a full solution, we can reduce energy 20%, 30%, 40% and then couple that with the improved overall operation of the building beyond just the chiller, there is significant benefits to be able to be achieved for the customers. So I believe that the differentiation with the value, the ability to be able to go get more of our installed base, to build on that, real differentiated solutions, utilizing the data in AI is going to be  is going to continue to allow us to be able to expand services no matter what the cycle is that we ultimately experience.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. Appreciate that. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Julian Mitchell of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning. There has been a lot of questions on the Building Solutions side, so maybe looking at Global Products for a second. You have had very, very good operating leverage first half of this year and the last 2 years. You are running up against some tough comps in the back half. So, I just wondered how you are thinking about the degree of margin expansion year-on-year in Global Products. And then looking out beyond the very short-term  when we look at some of your peers, Honeywells margins are quite a bit higher, your HVAC peers are somewhat lower. So, how should we think about kind of normal operating leverage or incremental margins in Global Products beyond 2023?
George Oliver: Yes. So, let me just give you the overall strategy and Olivier can touch upon the financials. When you look at what we are doing within the Global Products business, it starts with making sure we have leadership product. And we have invested over the last 5 years or 6 years. And I think we are positioned pretty much across the portfolio to lead and differentiate. And the differentiation obviously drives value with how we serve our customers. So, it starts there. The second is making sure that we are operationally local for local and making sure we have a robust and resilient supply chain, and we have made a lot of progress there. So, from a cost standpoint, we ultimately can maintain low cost and how we ultimately serve the key markets that we serve. And so  and then from an overall SG&A, what we have been focusing on is really getting leverage out of the SG&A structure, and there is still significant opportunity ahead of us to simplify that, Julian. And so I think the  as we look at our product business, where we have been and where we are, there is still significant room for improvement. Obviously, its going to be driven by the continued leadership product, the digital content, the connectivity thats going to ultimately be valued. And then ultimately, that translates into the solutions that we provide in the field. And so we are in a position to continue. We are getting good, continued strong price cost because of the product and because of the value proposition, thats going to continue, Julian. Olivier, do you want to?
Olivier Leonetti: Yes, absolutely. If you look at the second half for GP, as you said, Julian, the strength in the year-on-year margin trend will start to normalize because of the tough comp. And what will take over in terms of margin profile for the second half is our solution business, where you see the trend, which happened in Q2 is going to accelerate in the second half of the year. So, thats your first question. Regarding your second question beyond 23, we believe we can deliver 30% incremental. George mentioned a few of the points supporting this. We believe in a Global Product, we have strong product offering, heat pump is going to be part of this. And then we also are very bullish about what our Building Solutions margin could be at the back of solution services enabled by digital. On top of that, we have strong operating leverage capability in the P&L. As we keep growing, we have invested over the last 2 years. We believe that this investment will start to slow down, and we should be able also to increase leverage next year.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much. And then just my second one more on the portfolio, you have seen some moves at one of your peers recently. So, I just wondered, given its been 7 years or so since the large, very major portfolio move at JCI, how are you thinking kind of, George and Olivier about P&L, the elements of pruning here? Do you start to maybe get back on to M&A now that you are quite far through the current 3-year plan in terms of savings extracted from the base business. And then put a finer point on it, what is the appeal to you of that European residential heat pumps market?
George Oliver: Yes. Lets reflect on what we have been. We did the merger with the divestiture of the seating business back in 2016 with the merger with Tyco and Johnson Controls. And then we said from the strategy that we laid out was to really step back and understand what the future buildings would be and what was going to be required to ultimately win with the trends that were underway. We said, at the end of the day, the value proposition with a leading HVAC business, combined with having a leading building management platform that the two combined is ultimately whats going to be required to be able to deliver smart, sustainable, healthy, most productive, most efficient buildings. And that has been our strategy. So, as we have been looking at our portfolio, continuing to strengthen HVAC, not only with our organic investments, but also looking at potential bolt-ons or gaps that we might have. And heat pumps has been a huge focus of ours, I mean our  when you look at our heat pump portfolio, about half of our HVAC portfolio is made up of heat pumps. We have had significant reinvestment into heat pumps, and thats going to be a continued focus of ours as you stated, from an M&A standpoint. And then on the digital side, whats happening, the combination of what we have done in our building management system platforms coming together, now with a leading data platform with OpenBlue, it really does position us to now differentiate the solutions that we can ultimately serve our customers with, Julian, with the combination. And so with that, from a capital deployment, we have been certainly providing  returning a lot of capital back to our shareholders through dividends and in share repurchases, and thats continuing to be strong, and we are going to continue to focus on from an inorganic standpoint where we can leverage the strength of the strategy that we are executing organically and how do we complement that with M&A.
Olivier Leonetti: No, nothing more to add. [Indiscernible] is going to be the name of the game, services, digital, IP and products and in terms of pruning George answer to that is going to be really at the margin, but nothing significant we want to do.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Joe ODea with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Joe ODea: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to start  I think George, you said about 50-50 mix in office on the sort of new versus retrofit side. Just wanted to confirm that it would be something simpler or something similar for non-res exposure? And then could you talk about sort of retrofit and how much of that activity is dependent on third-party financing or most of that just internally sourced from customers as well as the push versus pull dynamic. How much of these sales do you think you are sort of generating on the sort of push side and going out there and selling the advantages versus customers coming to you and asking for this?
George Oliver: Yes. When you look at our vertical markets we serve in line with commercial, we talked a little bit about commercial, but its similar percentages, plus or minus relative to installed to service. A big focus of our company now is not only to get the equipment installed, but then to be able to, from a solution set standpoint, leveraging our data, to really being capitalized on that installed base with the recurring revenue over the life cycle. So, there is a big focus on continuing to expand our services across all of the key verticals that we support. But it is historically, if you asked the question, its similar type percentages, installed to service, it varies a little bit by vertical. As it relates to non-res in general, when we look at the overall non-res, the indices that we look at, what we are seeing the benefit of is the construction starts are up and a lot of that was the projects that put into the pipeline over the last couple of years, and thats benefiting us. The good news is that ABI has come back a bit and stabilized and somewhat positive here in the month of March. So, when we look at the indices, its still very strong. Our pipeline around non-res across the board is very strong. And our task is that to then within that pipeline, to really differentiate. And thats whats happening, especially as we focus on these secular trends, as we talked about today around sustainability, healthy buildings and then ultimately delivering smart building. So, we dont see significant differentiation across the verticals. I would tell you that right now, healthcare is strong and data centers are strong. And there is a lot of verticals that play to our strengths that we are capitalizing on. But I would tell you right now, its pretty much across the board.
Joe ODea: Got it. And then Olivier, just thinking about the back half of the year, I mean it seems like from a sort of top line growth perspective, looks like the third quarter would be in a pretty tight band across the segment, something like high-single digit, low-double digit growth and then Q4, maybe more mid-single digit, high-single digit across the segments. The question is, when you look at it, where do you see the greatest upside risk? Is this primarily a function of ongoing supply chain constraints? And if those were to ease, and where could you see things come in a little bit better?
Olivier Leonetti: So, if you look at today and you sense it from the call and from also our print in Q2, I mean, of course, you have always some risk in a large business like ours, but we are very confident about the market we are facing. The value proposition of our company is resonating. If you look at the macro indicator level, the commercial markets across the world actually strengthening. You see the backlog is strong. The backlog is growing. So, today, we feel that this is a balanced set of expectations for the second half. And again, we said that all along, we have accumulated a sizable backlog at very rich margin, and that is going to give us also a lot of momentum going forward.
George Oliver: I think a key statistic is when we look at our Global Products business, which kind of spans all of our markets, when you  with the exception of the softness we see in resi ducted, our backlog in our Global Products business, when you look at both direct and indirect, is up over 20%. And so you realize that, that ultimately plays to our strength with the work we are doing around the commercial sectors.
Joe ODea: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes. Thanks. Good morning guys.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Olivier Leonetti: Hi Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: Maybe just starting on the orders, really strong in the quarter, accelerated versus 1Q. Any thoughts on how orders are trending into April? Has that strength continued? And also, any thoughts on how you guys are seeing orders in the third quarter just because the comp  the 2-year stock comp does get a little bit tougher from here. Thank you.
George Oliver: Yes. I think when we look at our commercial operating system that we are really driving is  in really understanding market and the pipeline development, how we are converting by vertical, by region, looking at not only global products, but also solutions, we are tracking as we have been. Now, you understand through the quarter, typically, a lot of the project business gets weighted to the second half. So, based on what we are seeing with activity with the pipeline that we are building and how we are converting, its in line with what you would expect, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Got it. Thank you. And then I know its a small part of your business, but just wanted to discuss the North America resi market. I was just a little bit surprised to see it down high teens for you guys, just a little bit worse than peers. Can you just talk a little bit more about what you are seeing with respect to price versus volumes and the inventory dynamics in the channel? Thank you.
George Oliver: Yes. So, when we look at resi, we look at it globally. Total resi was down about 4%. Obviously, with JCH being up single digits with our North America business down in the teens. Now, when we look at that, obviously we are going through  we are seeing sequential improvement, not only through our operations, but now with the rebalance of inventory with our distributors and thats playing out as we planned. And then when we look at where the growth is going to come from, while deductive business is under maybe a little bit of pressure in North America. Our ability to be able to now capitalize on BRF and our rack and pack and our unducted, our ductless business is very strong. And so when you look at our business there globally, its starting to accelerate based on what we see. And so I think thats a position that we believe we are going to be able to capitalize on, given the strength of our unducted portfolio and continue to be able to gain share there with the deployment of that product.
Nicole DeBlase: Thanks. I will pass it on.
George Oliver: Thanks Nicole.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Joe Ritchie at Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Hello Joe, your line is open or is it perhaps muted. I apologize we will go on to the next question, and that comes from Deane Dray at RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Deane Dray: Good morning everyone.
George Oliver: Hi Deane.
Deane Dray: And there was a reference early in the prepared remarks about pent-up stimulus still waiting to be released. Could you just take us through the key buckets there, the line of sight and then where and how would you benefit?
George Oliver: Yes. When we look at all of the programs that have been playing through with the COVID programs, the Infrastructure Act, the Inflation Reduction Act. And then in Europe, the 55, the building standards, we are tracking that pretty much across the board, and we participated in ultimately developing those bills. And so as we are tracking this, we have seen  if you look at the problems now, our customers are trying to solve, whether it would be education or healthcare or any of these type of problems. We are seeing  we started to see a pickup last year, and thats continuing this year and being able to now add funding, getting to our customers and ultimately converting. Thats going to take  when we look at the deployment of all of that, Deane, over the next 10 years, it peaks roughly about 5 years out. So, its not going to come into play immediately, but we are beginning to see those moneys flow to the customers that ultimately can put it to work in solving some of these problems that they are solving around sustainability and healthy buildings and the like. So, we do see that as a  we size the market on a run rate basis about $250 billion when we did our Investor Day. We believe that the funding thats coming into play more than supports the ability to be able to capitalize on that market opportunity. And then with our not only leadership product, but the solution set that we are building with digital, then positions us to really get more than our fair share.
Deane Dray: Got it. I appreciate that. And then a follow-up question for Olivier on free cash flow. Just given the comments and expectations on the inventory step down in the second half, the cash conversion from that. Is that included in your reaffirmed cash flow conversion guidance 80% to 90%, or would that be potential upside? Thanks.
Olivier Leonetti: It is included in our guide. And again, we discussed about this. We have clear line of sight of what needs to be done. We have reduced inventory sequentially by about six days. And we have  we could have done more and indicated why we did not. We need to satisfy the strong demand we have in Q3, but we have clear line of sight of this inventory reduction, and thats indeed embedded in our guide.
Deane Dray: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Gautam Khanna with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Hi. Good morning guys.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Olivier Leonetti: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: I had a question that I was hoping you could help us with, which is on orders related to install. So, I wanted to get a sense for how much is equipment price up year-over-year in the orders? And then how much does equipment price represent as a percentage of a total job you will book? I am trying to understand like are you booking an install higher volumes as well as higher prices. If you could give us some color on that.
George Oliver: Yes. So, when we look at our installed business, its really focused on the core as we have continued to make sure that we are increasing our installed base. And then ultimately, we are capitalizing on the recurring revenue we get through service on the life cycle. So, when you  on that business, we are increasing both price as well as volume on the core. Where we defocused is some of the other contracting that goes in line with some of those projects that we have deemphasized. But when you look at the core business that ultimately is driving our product sales and in creating an installed base to be able to generate services, thats continuing to grow both price as well as volume.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And can you say how much price is up on equipment maybe year-over-year within the installed business?
George Oliver: It would be, Gautam, it would be in line with the overall price that we are yielding as a company, were a high-single digits price.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And then could you maybe refresh us on your targeted  maybe over the next 12 months where you think service attach rates, how much of that could grow? Previously, you guys were talking about 40%, where are you targeting over the next 12 months?
George Oliver: Well, what we are targeting is continued acceleration. We are  like I have said earlier, we are up about 100% year-on-year with our connected chillers. That ultimately gives us the opportunity to get additional revenues and reduce attrition and improve the overall performance. And so what we committed is we are going to see just continued sequential as well as year-on-year progress in our ability to be able to now connect and mine that installed base.
Olivier Leonetti: We think that this low-double digit growth in services is going to be  is potentially subject to an acceleration. As we keep digitizing services offering, this service business will increase. Attach rate is one dimension, thats not the only one.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Brett Linzey with Mizuho Americas. Please go ahead.
Brett Linzey: Hey. Good morning all. Just wanted to come back to Slide 5 and specifically the decarbon, the healthy pipeline, about $10 billion. Can you just remind us what the hit rate or the conversion rate typically looks like there? And then is there anything unique or elongated about some of the timing on those projects?
George Oliver: Yes. So, on the  lets start with the sustainable infrastructure. We did have a nice pickup in orders which was 29%, which was a pickup from Q1. The revenue turned strong at roughly about 16%, and thats going to continue. The pipeline is about $7 billion that we have been working to convert and this is where we put together a solution with our products, with our digital and then ultimately create an outcome, continued strong pipeline execution, conversion on that. On the healthy buildings, on a year-on-year, we are only up 2% order, but recognizing that was to a tough compare. We do believe our pipeline right now is up about 69% as it relates to these projects. So, there is still significant demand. So, that hasnt changed since COVID and we are positioned now with the, I think differentiation, not only with the product, but also now the digital solutions that really differentiate how we can actually serve the customer with those capabilities. So, both are continuing to be very strong. In addition, a lot of that also converts to service. When we go and sell our healthy building solutions, there is a tail that comes through with the services that we built.
Brett Linzey: Great.
George Oliver: So, I think that was the last question. Just I would like to thank everyone once again for joining our call this morning. We delivered a very strong first half and well positioned to build on that momentum in the second half of the year. Certainly, the digitization of our offerings continues to accelerate as we lead the way towards a smart, healthier and more sustainable future for our stakeholders. I look forward to engaging many of you over the coming weeks. And with that, operator, that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you, sir. This concludes todays conference call. We thank you all for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-02-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Johnson Controls First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will turn the call over to Jim Lucas, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Jim Lucas: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls first quarter fiscal 2023 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning, as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. Joining me on the call today are Johnson Controls Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver; and Chief Financial Officer, Olivier Leonetti. Before we begin, let me remind you that during our presentation today, we will make forward-looking statements. Listeners are cautioned that these statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Johnson Controls. These risks and uncertainties can cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. We advise listeners to carefully review the risk factors and cautionary statements in our most recent Form 10-Q, Form 10-K and todays release. We will also reference certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are contained in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to this presentation both of which can be found on the Investor Relations section of Johnson Controls website. I will now turn the call over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Lets begin with Slide 3. Fiscal 2023 is off to a strong start with solid Q1 results. Our teams across the globe have executed well delivering strong financial performance for our shareholders, while pushing the pace of innovation to provide our customers with the next phase of digital solutions across our vectors of growth. During the quarter, we accelerated growth across to our service-based businesses, drove higher margins and delivered profitability at the high end of our adjusted EPS guidance range. Overall, organic revenue grew at a healthy pace and our $11.3 billion backlog remains resilient, growing 11% year-over-year. Our service strength was resilient and remains a key competitive differentiator. While order timing, supply chain realization and China policies have impacted our global products in field install order flow during the quarter, we are seeing incremental improvements in order momentum heading into Q2. As we mentioned over the last few quarters, we remain focused on the fundamentals of our business in improving our operational execution. Our teams have done a great job advancing our initiatives to accelerate growth and optimize the efficiency of our cost structure. During the quarter, we delivered $90 million in productivity cost savings, and are on track to reach our $340 million savings target over the course of this fiscal year. We are also committed to our prudent approach to capital allocation, reinvesting in new products and technology to drive long-term shareholder value while continuing to return capital to our shareholders. We recently announced our plans to enhance our growing industrial heat pump portfolio with the acquisition of Hybrid Energy. Acquisitions are an integral part of our growth strategy and by investing in Hybrids patented high temperature heat pump technology, we are continuing to strengthen our leading global product portfolio and provide our customers with the most efficient sustainable building solutions. We are well-positioned to capitalize on large growth opportunities across our dynamic product portfolio and field business. Through our integrated domain expertise, global coverage and scale, we are leading the way towards smart, healthy, and sustainable buildings for our customers. While the global macroeconomic environment remains uncertain based on our strong start to Q1 and our expectations for the remainder of the year, we are raising the lower bookend of our adjusted EPS guidance range for the year. Now turning to Slide 4. During the quarter, our OpenBlue platform continued to expand as we enhanced our capabilities leveraging the power of AI and providing customers with unique insights. A good example is the deployment of OpenBlue enterprise manager at a leading tech manufacturer to help them meet their energy and sustainability goals. In addition, we have recently installed OpenBlue companion at their facility to enhance employee productivity and space utilization. From advancing predictive analytics to integrations at the edge, our full suite of solutions empowers our customers to meet their carbon emission goals and create a healthier, more productive workspace for their people. To date, we have enhanced the existing connectivity of over 11,000 chillers through OpenBlue, representing a 79% increase year-over-year. Moving on to Slide 5. Our digital service journey has accelerated since we launched our innovative OpenBlue platform in fiscal 2021. At that time, we entered the first phase of our digital transformation with a focus on enhancing data mining capabilities. Over fiscal 2022, we launched the OpenBlue gateway enabling data access at scale and increased connectivity across our growing installed base. We are now positioned for the next phase of our journey as we standardize our field operations globally. Linking the benefits of real time monitoring of connected devices to our extensive service network. We can provide our customers with faster response times while optimizing the deployment of our global field service presence. We are beginning to see the results of our digital offerings enabling service growth. During the first quarter, service orders and revenue grew 10% year-over-year, with continued growth, we are in a great position to reach the goal we set out at our Investor Day in fiscal 2021 to capture $2 billion in additional service revenue by 2024. On to Slide 6, with nearly 40% of the worlds carbon emissions coming from commercial and industrial buildings, the goal of achieving net zero starts at the building level. Through our vast sustainable infrastructure partnership ecosystem, we play in an integral role in helping our customers achieve these targets no matter where they are in their decarbonization journey. Starting with our established advisory services and goal setting partnerships with KPMG and Accenture, we help customers take the first step to accelerate and solve their decarbonization and efficiency goals. We are also able to help fast track our customers net zero targets through carbon reduction services, collaborating with leading renewable energy supply and distributed energy providers. With our comprehensive customer solutions and strategic partnerships, we are positioned to take full advantage of favorable regulatory tailwinds and continued momentum. During Q1, we realized over $200 million in organic revenue, growing over 20% year-over-year with orders over the last 12 months, growing at 6%. Turning to Slide 7. The Healthy Buildings opportunity remains attractive as our customers invest in indoor environmental quality improvements post-COVID. Solving for the indoor air quality and energy consumption challenges of hybrid work models is driving a compelling intersection of our Healthy Buildings and sustainability strategic growth vectors. We are in a leadership position, thanks to OpenBlue indoor air quality as a service, which continued to gain momentum in Q1 as well as our leading IAQ and space management capabilities in OpenBlue Enterprise Manager. In our Healthy Buildings business, trailing 12-month orders increased 11% year-over-year, and our pipeline of $1.2 billion remains strong. Looking forward, we expect continued growth momentum as the value of indoor environmental quality improvements delivers benefits for our customers. On to Slide 8. We are honored to be continually recognized for our dedicated sustainability efforts. Among other honorable recognitions, two of Johnson Controls leaders were awarded for their efforts. Chief Sustainability Officer, Katie McGinty, was named one of 2022s most influential women executives for sustainability leadership by Women Inc. magazine. Anu Rathninde, President of Asia-Pacific, received the ESG Exploration Character Award of the Year from the 2022 ESG Pioneer 60 awards by Jiemian. I am proud of our team for leading by example and executing on our values. I will now turn the call over to Olivier to go through the financial details of the quarter. Olivier?
Olivier Leonetti: Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. Let me start with the summary on Slide 9. Total sales grew 4% with organic sales increasing 9%, comprised of 10% price and a modest volume decline. FX was a 6% headwind during the quarter. We saw strong performance across our longer cycle field businesses, which grew 10% in the quarter. Our shorter-cycle Global Products business grew sales 7%, impacted by a slowdown in residential demand. Adjusted segment EBITDA increased 15% with margins expanding 140 basis points to 13.7%. Positive price costs and improved productivity more than offset unfavorable business mix. Adjusted EPS of $0.67 was at the high end of our guidance and increased 24% year-over-year. During the quarter, we absorbed an additional $0.01 of FX headwinds versus the prior guide. Free cash flow returned to the normal seasonal pattern with the usage to start the year. In addition, inventory levels were impacted by softness in residential as well as continued supply chain disruptions, which while improving impacted our ability to satisfy green demand in commercial. Turning to our EPS bridge on Slide 10. Overall, operations contributed $0.19 versus the prior year, including an $0.11 cent benefit from our productivity programs for which we are on track to meet our targeted savings for the year. In the quarter, FX was a $0.04 headwind below the line higher net financing charges and corporate expense were offset by a lower share count and favorable non-controlling interest. Please turn to Slide 11. Total orders for our field businesses increased 5%. As George stated earlier, orders in the quarter were affected by timing and COVID related impacts in China. Order timing are the largest impact within our in-store business, which grew 1% in the quarter. We were encouraged by 10% order growth in our service business driven by double digit growth in both EMEA/LA and APAC. Field backlog remains at record levels, growing 11% to $11.3 billion, $800 million increase versus the prior year while growing $250 million sequentially. Our global products third-party backlog grew more than 30% over the prior year to $2.8 billion. Lets now discussed our segment results in more details on Slides 12 and 13. Sales in North America were up 10% organically with broad-based growth across the portfolio. Our install business grew 12% with low-double-digit growth in both retrofit and new construction. Overall, HVAC and controls continues to gain momentum, growing mid-teens year-over-year, while Fire & Security increased high single digits. Order timing mainly impacted North America as orders increased 6% with solid growth of 7% in our service business. New construction orders grew over 50%, primarily in HVAC in aggregate Fire & Security orders grew low single digits. Total backlog ended the quarter at $7.5 billion up 16% year-over-year. Segment margins decreased 30 basis points year-over-year to 11.3% as positive price cost and ongoing productivity benefits were offset by unfavorable project mix. Sales in EMEA/LA grew 12% organically with strong performance in applied commercial HVAC and Fire & Security. Our service based business was strong in a quarter growing mid-teens year-over-year with recurring revenue contributing low-double-digit growth. Orders were up 5% led by over 20% growth across our Fire & Security platforms, which was partially offset by declines in HVAC and industrial refrigeration. Backlog was up 5% year-over-year to $2.2 billion. Segment EBITDA margins declined 310 basis points to 7.7% as a result of unfavorable mix and dilutive price cost, which offset favorable volume leverage and the benefits of cost savings during the quarter. Sales in Asia Pacific increased 7% driven by mid-single-digit growth in our commercial HVAC & Controls platform. Service performed well in the quarter growing low double digits, benefiting from our shorter cycle transactional business, primarily in HVAC & Controls. China grew 1% in the quarter impacted by COVID induced lockdowns. As China continues to reopen, we are encouraged with the momentum building within that region. Orders decline 1% as low-double-digit growth in service was offset by a decline in HVAC & Controls installation. Overall, install orders declined 5% organically. Backlog of $1.6 billion declined 1% year-over-year. Segment EBITDA margins increased 40 basis points to 10.5% driven by positive price cost and productivity savings, which offset lower volumes and FX headwinds over the quarter. Sales in our shorter cycle products business increased 7% in the quarter, benefiting from strong price realization of 11%. Commercial HVAC product sales were up low double digits with strength in light commercial driven by over 20% growth in North America and EMEA/LA respectively. Applied HVAC sales were up low double digits with continued demand in chiller within our data center and market. Outside of North America, our global residential HVAC sales were up low single digits. North America Resi HVAC declined 20% as the overhaul market softened and we were challenged by unfavorable product mix in the channel. Our HVAC business grew mid-single-digits led by more than 25 growth in applied within EMEA/LA, as well as strong demand from our Hitachi commercial heat pump in EMEA. Fire & Security products grew high single digits in aggregate led by continued demand in North America and in the Middle East for our Fire Detection products. EBITDA margins expanded 580 basis points to 20.3% driven by positive price cost and the benefit of productivity savings. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 14. We ended Q1 with $1.5 billion in available cash and net debt at 2.2 times, which is within our target range of 2 to 2.5 times. Now lets discuss our fiscal 2023 guidance on Slide 15. We were pleased with our start of the year and are encouraged by the continued strength and resilience in our order and backlog. Our backlog grew double digits and remains at record level. We are providing Q2 organic sales guidance of approximately 10% growth with price being the principal contributor. Segment EBITDA margin is expected to expand 100 to 110 basis points and adjusted EPS is an expected range of $0.72 to $0.74, which represents year-over-year growth of 15% to 18%. On a full year basis, were raising the low end of the wide range we introduced to beginning the year. While we are encouraged with our strong start to the year and our current second quarter outlook, we continue to take a cautious outlook for the full year given the ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty. Our full year adjusted EPS guidance range of $3.30 to $3.60 represent growth of 10% to 20%. The top third of our EPS range signifies our base case scenario. This account for normalized GDP growth, continued growth, vectors acceleration and conversion of our existing backlog. The low end of this range provides a bookend reflecting a potential macro downside scenario, which accounts for a potential degradation of global GDP that we believe will be offset by our resilient services and commercial market presence, along with additional cost mitigation actions. On the top line, we anticipate high-single-digit to low-double-digit organic growth with price representing about 10%. We anticipate segment EBITDA margin expansion of 90 to 120 basis points as we continue to execute our higher booked margin backlog throughout the fiscal year. Full year free cash flow conversion is expected to be between 80% to 90%. Operationally, we continue to improve our working capital management and expect further improvements from the gradual reduction of inventories as the supply chain normalizes. As George mentioned, we are pleased with the strong start to the fiscal year. Whilst supply chain disruptions continue to impact our global products business, we see positive momentum in our field based services. Across our vectors of growth, our pipeline remains robust and we are well positioned to capture secular tailwinds while continuing to improve our operational execution as we navigate through the first half of the fiscal year. With that operator, please open up the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is going to come from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Nigel, your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks, and good morning, everyone.
George Oliver: Good morning, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: So  hi guys. So, yes, you mentioned field  timing for field orders coming up plus 1%. So maybe just continue just like double click on whats causing some of the delays that perhaps you didnt expect? China, I think I understand, but outside of China.
George Oliver: Yes, when you look at our field orders, what is encouraging? Although, the install was up 1%, services was up over 10%, and were very encouraged with the progress were making there, Nigel. On the install side, its mainly a couple of factors here that impacted us here in the quarter. It was  the China  the COVID lockdowns, we have incredible pipeline, but because of the disruption and ultimately the delay in getting those closed impacted us in the quarter, and thats 1% to 2%. And then in our project-based business as we now drive our vectors of growth around sustainability and healthy building. Theres larger projects and a lot of these, its hard to predict that timing conversion and so that amounted to another roughly 1% to 2%. Those are the key drivers, as far as the orders  field orders. Nigel, the backlog is up over 11%. The pipeline continues to be strong double digits in our conversion. And so as were now executing on the strategy, we are encouraged that our conversion is going to continue very strong here in Q2 and beyond for the year. And then now the way that weve been set up here with the backlog being up for the year really does give us a lot of confidence in our ability to be able to deliver on the guide that we provided for the full year.
Nigel Coe: Great, thanks George. And then my follow-up questions on the margin expansion for the full year. Youve raised the bottom end by 10 basis points. So Im curious how the mix between the segment change. and Im referring here to obviously the strengths we saw in global products, the weakness we saw in EMEA/LA. So just wondering if the mix of that margin expansion has changed at all.
George Oliver: Were making tremendous progress on our margins and its not only  this has been over the last couple years instilling a discipline around price costs and more important about the value propositions that were bringing to the market with our vectors of growth. And so weve got  you see that not only in our shorter cycle business with our global products and the strength that were having in margins thats combined not only the value proposition, but now also the additional productivity thats playing through and the leverage that were getting on that. And so as we project the current year, were going to continue, going to see momentum in margins, because the longer cycle business, weve got strong margins and backlog. As we increase the velocity on the turn of these projects, youre going to start to see much stronger margins come through on the rest of the year. So Olivier, maybe you can comment on the segments.
Olivier Leonetti: Absolutely. So one clarifying point on the orders. We expect as an impact on orders due to the move of the orders from Q1 to Q2 orders in the field to be high single digits in Q2. Regarding the margin, we expect global product margin to remain strong for the rest of the year and we expect the field margin to turn positive in Q2, probably about 51 to 100 basis points at the segment EBITDA level and increase day after significantly with a strong increase as we end the year, Nigel, in the field business.
Nigel Coe: Great. Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Joe, your line is open.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
George Oliver: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Olivier, I want to pick up off that last point on field margins improving. And so you guys called out unfavorable mix both in North America and EMEA/LA, I want to understand that a little bit better. And then specifically on North America, I know that you guys saw this sequential improvement last quarter, but the margins now have been down year-over-year for the last seven quarters. So just help us understand whats driving the confidence in those margins getting better from here and what was the issue with unfavorable mix that was coming through the field business this quarter?
Olivier Leonetti: So it would be from a project to  project mix or larger projects flowing through in the quarter. If you look at a high level and we have discussed that job before, we have booked orders at a higher level of margin all through last year. And those orders are now starting to flow through the field business. So as indicated to Nigel earlier, we expect the field margin to improve at a segment EBITDA level in Q2 by 50 to 100 basis points and keep increasing thereafter. That would include also our North America business. The expectation for the margin increase in segment EBITDA level for North America into two is expected the increase to be over a full points. So as we keep converting the backlog as we  which is at a higher margin, as we keep delivering our productivity initiatives, as we keep increasing the mix of our service business in our companies, which was very strong in Q1, we expect this momentum to continue in Q2, you will see the field margin business to increase, I would say, materially between Q1 and Q4, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. Thats good to hear. And I dont usually ask questions on the North America resi business, because its a small portion of the overall portfolio, but it was pretty interesting to see that business down 20%. I think you guys called out product mix in the channel. So maybe provide a little bit more color, whats happening there? That seems to be a little bit lower than what weve seen reported so far from some of your peers.
George Oliver: Yes. When you look at our North America resi deducted business, when you look at the overall market, its down in units in the teens, now we were down more than that. And its really two big factors here. This is where weve had coming into the year, we still had continued supply chain disruptions. We also had the launch of our new product, the 2023 product. We worked through that, we worked through the supply chain. So although, we were down further in units, we had strong pricing coming through. We worked with our distributors and theres another key point to make on our field direct channel, which is a small portion of our distribution, we were actually up 13%. And so thats similar to what others have seen. On the distribution side, weve worked with our distributors in making sure that now as we have continued to improve our supply chain through the quarter that were going to be positioned to be able to deliver on their expectations from a demand standpoint as we now go through the rest of the year. And so when you look at the rest of the year, we are projecting that the market will be down high single digits in units. Therell be continued strong pricing coming through and well be in line with the industry. And we believe that now with our recovery of the supply chain, we actually start to pick up some of the share that we had lost over the last year due to the supply chain.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you.
George Oliver: Thank you, Joe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa, JPMorgan. Steve, your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hey guys, good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Good morning. If I look at roughly kind of the 350 or so where consensus is, it implies were using the midpoint of your guidance about $2, $2.10 or so of earnings in the second half. Thats about $1 per quarter by my math. Do you  is that kind of the right type of seasonality? Would you expect fourth quarter to be above third quarter and how materially above? Maybe just give us a little bit of a little more color on how the third and the fourth quarters break out EPS-wise?
George Oliver: Yes. At the high level, Steve, when we look at our build for the year, we were in a very different place this year than we were last as were now continuing to accelerate our capacity expansion across our product-based businesses. And weve seen a nice ramp, for instance, in our applied businesses. In some cases, were expanding capacity 2 or 3 times, and we tried to see that volume come through. And then we have worked with our supply chain. So were very much aligned now going into our seasonal ramp as well as the recovery of our backlog to be able to begin to accelerate here in Q2, and that will continue through the seasonality that we see in Q3 and Q4. And so were in a very different place than we were a year ago and being able to execute on that ramp. And Im very encouraged with the work that weve done, especially across our applied business where, from a core strength, that is our strength, and were beginning to see that pick up across the board. So Olivier, I dont know if you got any additional.
Olivier Leonetti: No, not much more to add. The backlog conversion now is going to have its full impact. It will be very strong from Q2 onwards. The productivity initiatives are still well on track. We are identifying new productivity initiatives all through the year. The backlog is very resilient. Our service mix is very strong, accelerating significantly across the portfolio. So we see margin expansion clearly in the second half, Steve.
Steve Tusa: So like is $1 around the right number for 3Q and then it kind of steps up a bit from there? Or is it more fourth quarter weighted, maybe just a little more precision to get people in line?
Olivier Leonetti: Roughly, youre in the ballpark, Steve, indeed.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then one  just one last one on non-res activity. You said that things are  you expect things to pick up here. What are you seeing in January on that front? I assume youre seeing some positive things? And whats the latest outlook on how things trend in the back half of the calendar year?
George Oliver: Yes. When we look at our pipeline and we track our pipeline very closely, especially as it relates to all of the  our growth vectors and then the overall general market, when you look at the Dodge number and when you look at that growth, we are lagging that. So were seeing significant opportunity there as that plays through. We are watching the ABI, which is longer term from projects that are coming to market. It did soften in November. It did come back and stabilize in December. And so for us, its  and then when you look at our mix of our businesses, with the demand for our core applied business, when we look at our chillers, when you look at industrial refrigeration, you look at our data center offerings, across our supply  across that portfolio, were seeing incredible demand. And were working to make sure that were executing on the capacity expansions that we made  that we started over a year ago to be positioned to be able to support that demand, and were making good progress, Steve. So from a non-res, as far as our mix and where we see our strength to be, we see continued very strong activity building in the pipeline.
Steve Tusa: Great. Thanks a lot.
George Oliver: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Julian, your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Maybe I just wanted to
George Oliver: Good morning, Julian.
Julian Mitchell: Good morning. I just wanted to start off perhaps with the inventory and the cash flow because I think the inventory was up about $400 million sequentially, and it seems like its a mix of kind of too much supply and too little demand in things like resi and then too much demand and too little supply in some other areas like commercial HVAC. So maybe just help us understand kind of whats going on in that inventory balance. And then what does that mean for the pace at which free cash flow improves over the balance of the year? Do you think free cash flow can be up year-on-year in the current second quarter or its more of a sort of second half recovery on cash?
Olivier Leonetti: So if you look at, first of all, the full guide, its unchanged, 80% to 90% free cash flow for the full year. If you look at the seasonality of your question, we believe were going to go back to historical free cash flow generation seasonality. That means that we should be year-to-date at the end of Q2, close to breakeven from a free cash flow standpoint. You can infer from that, that we would be positive in Q4  in Q2, Im sorry. So breakeven year-to-date at the end of Q2, positive in Q2. Youre right. Inventory was the key variable explaining what happened in free cash flow in Q1. Largely, George covered that. Resi and some mismatch of inventory is what is explaining this trend. We believe that this is going to keep improving all through the year. We have detailed action in place. And we believe that breaking even after the first half is an achievable goal from a free cash flow standpoint.
George Oliver: So Julian, just to add to that, as you look at our commercial applied business, in many product lines, were doubling; in some cases, tripling. And were in the process of building up and being able to achieve that output through the course of the year. So were in a build and were making good progress on the applied business. When you look at our total applied business with what we do externally as well as internally, its up very strong here in the first quarter. And then the second is what Olivier said, as we work through the residential disruption, its really comes down to one plant on supporting our residential business with the disruption that we had really coming into the quarter. Weve worked through that, and were positioned to adjust. Given the mismatch we had, weve lined out with our distributors relative to what they expect. And we have confidence that, thats going to normalize here over the next quarter or 2.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much. And then I just wanted to circle back to the North America Field business again, because youve had, I think, seven quarters now of down margins year-on-year. The Q1 margin was 200 points lower than it was two years ago. And I think youd mentioned mix as a headwind specifically in the first quarter, but clearly, there have been issues predating that, pulling down the margin. And it seems like its taken longer than youd expected to get that North America field margin to turn the corner. So I think clearly, the guide embeds an improvement there getting to that $1 of EPS, for example, in Q3. But maybe give us a bit more color on what youre doing kind of inside that organization to get the margins to turn around. And how much of the improvement in margin is that internal self-help versus getting some sort of macro or supplier benefits?
George Oliver: And so let me touch on that, and Ill turn it over to Olivier. When you look at the turn, so what weve booked over the last  its really been the last year, 15 months, whats been turning some of the longer cycle projects that are turning now and you look at whats going to turn second, third and fourth quarter, a much higher mix, Julian, relative to the margin that we booked into the backlog. And that margin is tied to much greater value propositions. And then ultimately, in installed base, its going to spin off service. And so were going through the last of the tail that was prior to this inflationary period of projects that are still coming through. But I have confidence that when we look at what weve been  how weve been building these projects costing and then ultimately executing, youre going to start to see a nice pickup in margins. And I think  and then the other factor is that the velocity of our turn, because of the improvement in the supply chain, youll start to see much higher productivity because the velocity of being able to turn these projects more consistently as we work through the year. Those are the two big factors. Olivier, maybe you could comment on the margin rate.
Olivier Leonetti: Absolutely. So as a byproduct of the speed of the backlog conversion, we would see, as I indicated earlier, Julian, margin expansion, I can go a bit more into the details of the numbers here. So probably in Q2, we will expect segment EBITDA margin to increase close to a full points. And today, for Q3, we are planning actually close to a 4 points margin improvement in this business, not assuming a significant change in churn rates of the backlog.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Davis from Melius Research. Scott, your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hi, good morning, George and Olivier, and welcome Jim to the call in our world again here. But guys, I think that the story really this cycle has been about pricing power. And Im kind of curious to see as demand kind of flattens out here and maybe some of the big COVID drivers kind of anniversary. How  whats your confidence that price is something that you can continue to capture? And I dont really mean in your backlog. Whats in the backlog is in the backlog, I suppose, but in forward contracts, you start to think about back half of 2023 and into 2024.
George Oliver: Scott, as we look at what weve done as weve been executing on the strategy that we outlined a couple of years back and where we are in that journey, its really now capitalizing on a much bigger value proposition as we focused on our vectors of growth. And thats not only in how we pulled together our combined capabilities within our products. But now with OpenBlue and ultimately are creating solutions that deliver on an outcome for our customers. And the outcome is typically focused on energy reduction, obviously heightened indoor environmental quality and then ultimately leading to an autonomous building. And as we focused on our core and then when you look at the contribution that our HVAC business has to being able to achieve those outcomes, it is significant. And so the value proposition comes with being able to create a solution thats very different than what historically has been provided leveraging our technology and then being able to really leverage the core in how we ultimately deliver on that with the technology that we have in our products. And so were confident that when you look at how were pricing today, the value proposition we bring and the new products that were bringing to market, our new product investment is up about 25%, 28% year-on-year. Weve got the leading portfolio in heat pumps. Heat pumps now today are going to be a big part of the solution and being able to reduce energy while were continuing to enhance the indoor air quality. And we have new heat pumps pretty much across the board where that technology is being applied across our entire portfolio from the most complex industrial applications with our chillers and industrial refrigeration across all of our commercial products rooftops as well as our applied air-cooled chillers going into data centers and then across our residential portfolio. So Im confident that with the technology, the value proposition and then our ability to fundamentally change how we serve our customers with solutions that focus on outputs delivering for them, were seeing significant momentum on that.
Scott Davis: Thats helpful, George. And when you break  I mean, it certainly makes a ton of sense in HVAC. When you think about Fire & Security, how has that sales pitch kind of changed over the last few years? I mean, I certainly understand the connected building, but how specifically has that value proposition, I guess, which is so tangible in HVAC, but perhaps less so in Fire & Security. Maybe you can update us there. Thanks.
George Oliver: Yes. The way that weve leveraged our Fire & Security portfolio today, its still very attractive. Its still 40% of our revenues. Its quarter building systems. On the digital side, they are critical systems that do integrate with an overall smart building. And because of the sensors that these systems bring into the building, very important for the data that we collect within OpenBlue and how we ultimately create a smart building. So it starts there. Now you would argue that theres more around the security systems. So whether it be access control, intrusion or video, those are very important sensors and systems that historically have been separate and apart but then ultimately converge with our building controls and the other digital systems within the building that with now  with OpenBlue, we can bridge all of those systems into one solution, into one data set. So it starts there. And then from a fire standpoint that when we install a fire system, that the value proposition that we bring through service is significant in our ability to be able to connect and monitor and ultimately be very proactive in how we support our customers through service. So those are the two  when you think about Fire & Security, the value proposition that it has into the solution set that were building and ultimately differentiating the outputs that we can create for the customers that we serve, Scott.
Scott Davis: Okay. Make sense. Best of luck, guys for 2023. Ill pass it on.
George Oliver: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer. Noah, your line is open.
Noah Kaye: Good morning. Thanks. Circling back to supply chain health. Can you give us a little bit of a better sense of what you saw across the business lines during the quarter, particularly in Global Products. Maybe quantify any impact on how much revenue was pushed and then just your line of sight on the supply chain helping that improving pace of backlog conversion.
George Oliver: Yes. Looking at our Global Products, when you look at the impact that we had, and I think the other point to make here on our Global Products volume, we had a fire in a warehouse within our fire suppression business. It impacted the finished goods that we had stored. And although we work to try to recover that in the quarter, that impacted our growth rate at the product level about 2% or 3%. So that is a big factor. Were going to recover that volume here in the second quarter and most of it in the second quarter, but maybe into the third quarter. So its worthy to mention that. The resi demand hit us for another roughly 1% to 2%. And then when we look at China and then the ability to be able to  were significantly ramping up our applied businesses. So when you look at our applied mix, were up double-digit across the board. And so were confident that with the capacity expansion, with the work that weve done with our supply base and making sure we have visibility to the volumes as we ramp, like I said earlier, in some cases, were doubling or tripling our volumes in our applied space. So Im confident that although  and then when you look at our total product units, were relatively flat because some of the units do go into our direct channel solutions. So were going to be ramping here. Were going to deliver unit growth here as we position for Q2. That will continue to expand as we go through Q3 and Q4. Those are the key factors, Noah, that have been impacting our ability to be able to turn.
Noah Kaye: Okay. Very helpful. And then just wanted to circle back to orders timing. Maybe we can focus particularly on sustainability. We look at the pipeline growing, was it 26%, versus the orders growth in the quarter. Weve obviously had a lot of significant relevant legislation and policy. How much of this is that playing into the actual timing as clients figure out the implications? And are we waiting for things like treasury guidance before more folks sign? Is there any kind of an expected air pocket here? Or do you expect that conversion to significantly increase in the next quarter or two?
George Oliver: Were expecting that this is going to continue to significantly increase. When you look at the IRA, theres $369 billion in incentives over the next 10 years. We believe  and its all focused on electrification, which we deliver through heat pumps. Its focused on impact on grid capacity and generation, which we do incorporate renewable supply into our solutions and then just overall energy efficiency. This is right in our sweet spot. And so we think the $369 billion actually multiplied by 5 to 10 times given the amount of resource that will be put to work in being able to deliver on our customers sustainability goals. And so when you look at the pipeline that were working to convert, its well over $7 billion. We had  last year, that had ramped up to about $1 billion, last year, we see that accelerating over the course of the year. These are larger projects, so its hard to predict the timing of conversion. But our teams, weve got the team on the field that with the depth and expertise, I think that fundamentally changes how we can go about serving our customers with the type of solutions that were developing. And all of that is delivered  when you think about the optimal solution, its not just the equipment because we have leadership equipment. Were developing a leadership portfolio of heat pumps, but its how the equipment comes together with our digital platform that ultimately delivers on our customers expectations. And thats whats going to, I think differentiate us as we build not only build the pipeline, but begin to convert and capitalize on the opportunity ahead. And just one last note in Europe. Its similar in Europe. I mean we talked about the IRA. But weve been working very closely with the EU with a number of their strategies, the green deal, net zero by 2050. Theyve got the EU level legislation around. They got climate law. They got an energy performance of buildings initiative. And then more recently, it was the REPowerEU focusing on the independent firm Russian fossil fuels. All of these activities, weve been aligned working and making sure were aligned so that were going to be positioned to ultimately achieve the goals that theyre setting out to achieve.
Noah Kaye: Thats very helpful color, and Ill correct myself, that Healthy Buildings pipeline was out 26% and sustainability up 20%. So thank you for the color.
George Oliver: Thank you, Noah.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Jeff, your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, thank you. Good morning, everyone.
George Oliver: Hey, Jeff.
Olivier Leonetti: Hey.
Jeff Sprague: I just wanted to actually come back to, I guess, a couple of topics that have already been addressed, but just to really kind of clarify. First, just on the notion of margins improving on kind of acceleration of execution out of the backlog, it doesnt seem like thats what youre guiding. I dont know if you updated the volume forecast for the year. But I guess your guide sort of assumes kind of little or no volume growth. So I guess the first question is, is it that you expect acceleration to happen, but youre not quite willing to guide that way yet. Or is there some governing factor, supply chain, labor on the job sites, that sort of thing that youre looking to get past first?
Olivier Leonetti: So if you look at the margin acceleration, which is a byproduct of the backlog conversion, as you said, Jeff, that is not really a variable associated with unit volumes. If you look at the field business, which is about $16 billion of revenue for the enterprise, this is more and more a business which is solution based, where you need less and less a relevant measure solution because we sell services, we sell sustainability, we sell indoor air quality. So the margin acceleration is a byproduct of just the conversion, and we are planning to your point, for volume to be growing low-single digits, about 2% for the back half of the year.
Jeff Sprague: Great. And then
George Oliver: A comment on that, Jeff, as we have instituted over the last two years, the significant improvement in our ability to strategically price and then make sure that were within that pricing, were incorporating future inflation. So as were costing in these longer-cycle projects, making sure we have the right cost and the right terms and conditions and the like, that has significantly improved. And so when we look at whats going to turn in the next three quarters, a high percentage of the projects that are going to turn are in backlog. And the margin is as we have been working through the older backlog that was priced prior to the inflationary period, that is becoming less and less. And so were confident that whats in the margin in backlog is a significant step-up. Now its just our ability to be able to minimize disruption, get more precise relative to the material flows that support these projects. And by doing so, we accelerate the velocity of the turn. And what that does, it gives us higher productivity and then also, from an inventory standpoint, our ability to be able to recognize revenue with the execution on a shorter cycle. So thats a big element. And so I think were cautious relative to the continued improvement that were seeing in those factors, but were confident that the margins that have been booked are going to in turn and be significantly improved over the course of the year.
Jeff Sprague: And thanks for that and that partially addresses my second question. But I did want to come back to kind of projects and mix. So you pointed to kind of large projects being mix negative in the quarter. And I think a lot of the kind of OpenBlue healthy buildings, indoor air would inherently often be larger projects. Is it an issue that the stuff thats coming through the backlog is also as you say, maybe wasnt priced appropriately for the inflation that was coming but also just inherently had less of the newer stuff embedded in it? Really want to kind of understand if were waiting on big projects to come through that. In fact, when we convert them, theyre margin-accretive to the equation.
George Oliver: I mean its actually the opposite, Jeff. We  when you look at our core, we have focused our field-based business on our strategy to really differentiate and capitalize on the growth vectors, which is ultimately the energy reduction, the healthy environment and then overall automation of building. Making sure that everything we do is deploying our core capability, core technology, getting it connected and then ultimately converting it to a service. So by doing so, it has refocused the business so that were  the value proposition is greater with what we do. And taking out a lot of the historical contracting that we might have done that ultimately was low margin and didnt convert to services, theres a much higher focus on leveraging our core, obviously, leveraging digital and then ultimately delivering on outcomes that historically hadnt been achieved. And so I think from that standpoint, when you look at our applied product business, were up  its up double-digit with the applied products flowing into our channel, which ultimately is helping us create a bigger installed base. Its also getting the connectivity to that base, which then drives us to be able to create new value propositions with the data that ultimately we use from that installed base.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thanks for the color. Appreciate it.
George Oliver: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank. Nicole, your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. Good morning, guys.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Nicole DeBlase: I just kind of wanted to pick off where Jeff just left off because Im not sure Im totally getting it. So I mean, if we think about  it seems like unfavorable mix was the big cause of the weaker margins in the field business this quarter, but it seems like you do have confidence that then unfavorable mix will not be a factor throughout the rest of the year. So I guess, what is the risk that larger projects come through, again, greater than you expected in the second quarter to the fourth quarter driving then unfavorable mix again? Thats the piece that Im just not getting. Thank you.
George Oliver: Yes, a simple fundamental is we track how we book and what was booked from a cost standpoint and how does that tie to the value proposition and then how it turns. And so Nicole, when we talk about mix, on a forward-looking basis, you have a much  every quarter, you have less of the older projects that maybe didnt incorporate the higher inflationary rates that we now have experienced over the last 18 months or so. And so when we talk about mix, its part of that as well as our ability to be able to then  everything weve been booking from a strategy standpoint is more aligned to how we create an installed base and ultimately get a recurring revenue from that installed base with service. And that is  when we talk about on a go-forward basis, that continues to improve, recognizing that we still have projects that will be turning that didnt necessarily have that factored in.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Thanks, George. Thats really helpful clarification. And then the second thing I just wanted to hit on is the gross  sorry, the Global Products margins have been really impressive and I think a big driver of upside or offset to field weakness for several quarters now. I guess like whats the confidence that you can continue to improve Global Products margins from here. At some point, do you kind of see somewhat of a margin ceiling? Thanks.
Olivier Leonetti: Yes. If you look at today, so we believe were going to be able to maintain the margin in Global Products and keep improving the margin in the field. I know Nicole, just to go back to your prior question on mix, the backlog conversion is the big variable for mix improvement more than anything else. And we have a high confidence in that now happening with no improvement in lead time. Going back to your global margin question, you go back to what George has indicated, we are mainly exposed to the commercial market today in Global Products. Resi is a small proportion of our portfolio. And in Global Products, we are investing heavily in pump. If you look at the new product introductions today, 90% of them are very strong heat pump capabilities. We bought a small asset also in the quarter with [indiscernible] heat pump. So we believe that the channel, the strength of the portfolio is going to keep allowing us to maintain a strong margin in Global Products. And there was no  if you look at the macro, Nicole, today from a commercial standpoint, its still strong for commercial.
Nicole DeBlase: Thanks, Olivier.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Josh, your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning, guys.
George Oliver: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Yes. Good morning. So just a follow-up on the IRA. Wondering if that is something that you guys expect to start booking this year and if we really dont expect to see any sort of shipments until 2024. Is that sort of the way you guys are thinking about the timing booking start this year and maybe start to see the revenue benefit next year?
George Oliver: Yes. I mean were  obviously, were already working with customers and working through what this means and how they go about it and recognizing that were obviously part of that as this bill was formed. And so were definitely going to start to see some momentum here on the order side. And then depending on the timing, how that flows through the year and into next, well continue to keep you updated. But that  this is ultimately helping to build the pipeline that we have and the confidence that we have in being able to turn  but not only book but then turn sustainable solutions in. Its across all of our portfolio, right, from residential incentives right up through some of the more complex offerings that we have.
Olivier Leonetti: And Josh, this is where the field presence is very important. We have today a field presence, allowing us to advise our customers about how to best leverage the benefits of the IRA.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. And then just on maybe a little deeper trip into the weeds on the IRA. I think theres like $5 a square foot in commercial energy retrofit incentives. My understanding is some of the stuff like OpenBlue is significantly below that per square foot. Like I guess like it seems sort of like a layup for customers. What would hold them back, if anything? Or is it just the industry, yourselves included, can only install products so fast?
George Oliver: Yes. I mean its just purely  theres an educational element that were working through and understanding what it is and then what we can do and how we can go about solving the problem and being able to capitalize on the incentives. And like to your point, the value proposition that we bring with the output that we can create, again, it becomes very attractive for the customer. So it isnt a matter of  that I think that theyre going to ultimately proceed. Its more just the timing of going through that initial upfront process in getting it defined and then ultimately being able to execute. But were confident, Josh, with the solution set that weve built that were going to be well-positioned to be able to capitalize on the dollars that come into the market as a result of that. And some of it is, when you look at customers, its also changing how theyre thinking about whether it be capital or OpEx and how these business models are configured and then how they match that to the benefits that they see. So were working through that. Weve got a team thats working directly with our customer base in sorting that out, but were going to start to see momentum that on that both in the orders and then our ability to be able to convert.
Josh Pokrzywinski: All right. Thanks. Ill leave it there.
George Oliver: Thank you, Josh.
Operator: Our last question we have Gautam Khanna from Cowen. Gautam, your line is open.
Gautam Khanna: Hey, good morning, guys.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Olivier Leonetti: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: I was wondering if you could talk about any differences youre seeing in this forward pipeline, order pipeline between Fire & Security and the applied HVAC market. I remember back when you had your Investor Day, you thought those markets would grow at a similar rate. And is that consistent with what youre seeing today?
George Oliver: Yes. So on the Fire & Security, we are seeing strength in the  with the Dodge construction and the activity coming through, and were positioned well on that on the  more on the retrofit side, we thrive and from a service standpoint and how we upgrade and ultimately reconfigure indoor space and the like. And were seeing a lot of that given the hybrid work and how people are coming back to work. And so that is  those are the factors that drive Fire & Security. We were up both orders and revenue up close to double-digit in both typically a little bit lower growth rate than what we see in HVAC. And then HVAC is really being driven by what weve discussed here frequently here during todays call around the value proposition not only with the efficiency that we bring within the new equipment but the deployment of heat pumps, for instance. We are in a situation where weve improved our technology with the temperatures that we can generate. When you take a chiller and convert to a heat pump and then be able to replace a boiler, significantly reduces the carbon footprint for our customers. At the same time, youre getting 3 to 5 times the efficiency out of the unit. And so you get a tremendous payback. And so its through these models, Gautam, that as we begin to unleash what we believe to be a very attractive market and does play to our strengths, that is going to be a different demand cycle than what historically weve seen in HVAC.
Olivier Leonetti: One statistic, Gautam, to complement what George has indicated, our adjusted pipeline growth today is in the mid-teens, just reflecting what George has indicated.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And then could you comment on your updated expectations for commodity inflation or deflation, I should say, this year? And then if you could just also comment on lead times that you guys are quoting in the applied commercial HVAC space. Thank you.
George Oliver: Yes. So on the inflation as it relates to commodities, were watching that closely. Certainly, some of that has moderated. But as theyve moderated, other costs have continued to increase. So thats something were watching closely. And certainly, I want to make sure that we stay disciplined with the impact that, that might have. I think whats important to us now is that the business proposition here is that were creating value not necessarily tied to purely price cost as what historically we would have done. So I think thats one factor. And then the second on the  the second was on the applied  what was
Gautam Khanna: The lead times.
George Oliver: The lead times as a result of the strong demand, youve got to realize, Gautam, that as weve gone through the last year, weve had significant pickup in our backlog around applied. And so on a go-forward basis, its important that we get  weve been building our capacity. We were expanding a number of our plants, whether it be water cooled chillers or air cooled chillers or industrial refrigeration. Our data center solutions, were significantly increasing our capacity as weve been ramping up, and weve been doing this in line with the supply chain recovery that weve been executing on. And so once  with this backlog, were trying to address the backlog so that we can open up capacity with shorter lead times to now be able to capitalize on what we see to be very strong demand going forward. So the lead times are being reduced. Theyre not to where we like them to be. But with the additional capacity were putting online as we go through the year, were going to be positioned very competitively from a lead time to be able to respond ultimately and support the customer demand that we see.
Gautam Khanna: Can you give us what the lead times are today? What is it in like 9 months to 12 months? What do you think of it?
George Oliver: They vary. So its hard to state any one, depending on the right from the residential to the large commercial, but weve been reducing them significantly here over the last six months. We are now with the additional capacity coming on board, I would tell you, our volumes in our applied business on a run rate basis with our chillers and then our water cooled chillers and our air cooled chillers, were looking at volumes on a run rate basis that are going to be 2 or 3 times. And so as were putting those that capacity in place, it does give us an opportunity on a forward-looking basis to reduce the lead times that were quoting to our customers.
Gautam Khanna: Thanks, guys.
George Oliver: Thanks, Gautam.
Operator: That was our final question for today. I will now turn the call back over to the speakers for final comments.
George Oliver: Yes. And Id like to thank everyone once again for joining us on todays call. As we have discussed, we have a very strong start to the fiscal year. Im very confident in our ability to execute and continue the momentum in the coming quarters as we step  really step up into the next phase of our digital transformation journey. And with that, I look forward to seeing many of you over the conferences over the next couple of  next month or so. And with that, operator, that concludes our call.
Operator: That concludes the call. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-11-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Johnson Controls Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will turn the call over to Michael Gates, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Thank you. 
Michael Gates: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls fourth quarter fiscal 2022 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning, as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com.  Joining me on the call today are Johnson Controls Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver; and our Chief Financial Officer, Olivier Leonetti. As a reminder, before we begin, during the course of todays call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you review todays press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that weve included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our results during the call, references are made to adjusted earnings per share, EBITDA and EBIT, excluding restructuring as well as other special items. These metrics together with organic sales, free cash flow and other measures specified in the slide presentation are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to the presentation posted on our website. Additionally, all comparisons to the prior year are on a continuing ops basis. With that, I will turn the call over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I will start off with a quote to look back of fiscal year 2022 and update you on our progress across our strategic priorities. Olivier will provide a detailed review of our fourth quarter results and our fiscal 2023 guidance. As always, we will leave the remainder of the call to take your questions.  Lets begin with Slide 3, as we rounded out fiscal year 2022, we deliver another quarter of solid results that had us meeting or exceeding our updated outlook for the full year. Despite a challenging macroeconomic environment thats our unprecedented inflation levels, foreign exchange headwinds and continued supply chain disruptions, we achieved robust top-line growth and maintain margin strength as we closed out the fiscal year.  Compared to the prior year, reported sales for the year increased approximately 7% to $25 billion and grew 9% organically, in line with the high end of our guide. The strong demand is also shown in total field orders, up approximately 10% organically year-over-year and our record backlog which grew significantly up 13% year-over-year.  This strong demand backdrop further highlights our unique value proposition for mission-critical products and services supported by secular trends that continue to drive the industry. Weve made significant progress over the year working closely with our suppliers to mitigate the impact of supply chain disruptions. Weve also continued to execute our productivity savings plan exceeding our $230 million cost savings target throughout the fiscal year.  Lastly, our disciplined approach to pricing has helped drive sequential margin improvement offsetting material foreign exchange impacts as we continued to cycle through our higher margin backlog during the second half of fiscal year.  With our focus on fundamentals and execution, our teams work this year positions Johnson Controls to capitalize on our strong momentum heading into fiscal year 2023. Overall, 2022 was a significant year in improving our operations and increasing our competitive edge as we continue to deliver on enhancing our digital capabilities, leading the way for smart and connected building solutions  Across the organization, we have continued to invest in key technologies and foster partnerships allowing us to capitalize in the vectors of growth we serve. We have also continued to gain market share across our global products and services driven by commercial HVAC, industrial refrigeration and fire detection. We are in a great position to realize the benefits of our transformative service offerings through our differentiated digital platform. And as the trends for a healthy and sustainable buildings continue to expand, I am confident in the strength of our capabilities, which continues to serve the needs of our customers.  Lastly, while the market is faced with macro uncertainties, we are seeing tailwinds within our business. Favorable government incentives across the world, global heat pump demand and continued backlog strength will provide us with additional momentum heading into fiscal year 2023. Now turning to Slide 4. OpenBlue suite of connected solutions continues to play a vital role in meeting our customers needs laying the blueprint for the future of smart buildings. In fiscal year 2022, we have significantly expanded our suite of digital services and offerings spanning across a breadth of devices from connected chillers, industrial refrigeration equipment to connected controls and BAS systems.  Today we have enhanced the existing connectivity of almost 11,000 chillers through OpenBlue representing a 106% year-over-year. This provides customers with added levels of connectivity to monitor and improve performance with actionable insights. Weve also made significant progress in advancing the latest addition of our OpenBlue Bridge.  With this solution we can seamlessly reduce the complexity of the integrating devices and expand the range of building solutions and devices that interface with the OpenBlue stack. This provides our customers with the added benefits of AI at the edge. It gives them the peace of mind that comes with zero trust cybersecurity exclusively tailored for operational equipment.  Our enterprise Software-as-a-solution offerings continue to expand standing from comprehensive enterprise management to specific customer use cases covering decarbonization, occupant health and safety. Along with these added capabilities, our footprint is also expanding. During the fourth quarter, we are proud to announce our recently launched OpenBlue Enterprise Management Solution for AliCloud supporting our expansion of smart building solutions into China. The future lies with OpenBlue and we are excited to continue disrupting the building environment as we look ahead to the upcoming year.  Moving on to Slide 5. While our digital growth strategies continue to mature, we have accelerated our core service growth through field business and the strength of our OpenBlue service offerings. In fiscal year 2022, core service orders increased during the fourth quarter with orders and revenues up over 7% and 8% year-over-year. By 2024, we anticipate additional service revenue opportunities of more than $2 billion.  On to Slide 6, turning to our growth vectors we are successfully growing our sustainability initiatives. Johnson Controls is uniquely positioned to take full advantage of recent favorable market tailwinds including credits for renewable offerings from the Inflation Reduction Act to an actionable shift towards heat pump usage as Europe continues to push for energy independence and low emission alternatives. Heat pump demand continues to be a momentum driver and we have gained market share realizing $800 million in the quarter representing 48% of total HVAC sales. Our partnership with Microsoft is driving results in their Beijings West Campus helping reduce emissions and improve uptime.  In addition, our work with Colorado State University has helped transform the campus. It reached net zero electricity throughout our 20 year relationship. We help customers design, digitize and deploy solutions to achieve net zero. We are continuously expanding our OpenBlue net zero buildings offerings. Decarbonization is a priority among our customers and as climate change poses an impending risk, we continue to build out energy efficient and secure solutions.  During Q4, we had our largest historical quarter of about $420 million in orders, which led to secured orders of over $1 billion for the full year growing 12% year-over-year.  Turning to Slide 7, the healthy buildings market opportunity remains strong as our customers invest in unlocking employee health, wellness and productivity benefits associated with well managed indoor environments. We are positioned to capture this trend and help customers manage challenges through our OpenBlue indoor air quality as a service with some exciting wins coming in Q4.  Additionally, we are leading the way in advancing new solutions and research into the linkage between healthy buildings and decarbonization helping our customers achieve both outcomes simultaneously. Notably, during the quarter, we delivered promising results. In fiscal year 2022, orders increased 45% year-over-year. Our healthy buildings pipeline represents over $1.3 billion in revenue and we expect continued order growth as more customers leverage the value of improved indoor environmental quality.  Now we turn to Slide 8. We consistently demonstrate our commitment to sustainability. During the quarter, Fortunes 2022 Change The World List recognized Johnson Controls for our service offerings of OpenBlue Solutions and OpenBlue net zero buildings. I am also very proud that we have been named One of Forbes Worlds Best Employers in 2022. I am now going to turn the call over to Olivier to go through the financial details of the quarter. 
Olivier Leonetti: Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. Let me start with the summary on Slide 9. Sales in the quarter were up 10% organically at the high end of our guidance of 9% to 10% growth with price contributing nearly 9 points, in line with what we originally anticipated. We saw strong performance across our shorter-cycle global product portfolio up 11%. Our longer-cycle field businesses also performed well, up 10%, with further growth in both service and in store. Segment EBITDA increased 9% with margins expanding 55 basis points to 16.5%. Better leverage on higher volumes, favorable mix and the incremental benefits of our ongoing SG&A and COGS programs, more than offset continued supply chain constraints and will achieving but improving price cost.  EPS of $0.99 was at the midpoint of our guidance and increased 13% year-over-year, benefiting from higher profitability as well as lower share count. During the quarter, we absorbed an additional $0.03 of FX headwinds versus the prior guide. Full year free cash flow conversion was 67% as a result of the disruptions of the supply chain over the last two years, we have build up our inventory to meet customer demands.  Turning to our EPS bridge on Slide 10. Overall, operations contributed $0.16 versus the prior year, including a $0.07 benefit from our COGS and SG&A productivity program, helping to exceed our targeted savings for the year. In the quarter, FX was a $0.05 headwind. In addition, higher net financing charges and non-controlling interest impacts were offset by a lower share count.  Please turn to Slide 11. Orders for our field businesses increased 9% in aggregate, install orders increased low double-digits in the quarter with continued demand for applied HVAC and controls systems. We are also seeing continued strength in our service business with orders up 7% driven by double-digit growth in both EMEA/LA and APAC.  Field backlog remains at record levels, growing 13% to $11.1 billion, a $1.2 billion increase versus the prior year while remaining flat quarter-over-quarter. Lastly, our Global Products backlog grew by more than 25% to $2.3 billion and continues to show strength. Lets discuss our segment results in more detail on Slides 12 and 13. Sales in North America were up 9% organically with broad-based growth across the portfolio. Our install business grew low-double-digits with increased retrofit and upgrade projects and new construction growth. Overall, HVAC and controls grew low-double-digits and Fire & Security increased high-single-digits. Orders were up 13% with strong growth of more than 50% in our Sustainability Infrastructure business as our decarbonization solutions continue to resonate with our customers. Applied HVAC orders grew nearly 20% which had another solid quarter for equipment orders up over 30%.  Fire & Security orders declined low-single-digits. Total backlog ended the quarter at $7.5 billion, up 18% year-over-year. Segment margins in the quarter were 14.7%, a sequential improvement of 400 basis points driven by increased volume leverage and the execution of projects with an improved book-to-margin profile, a direct result of the pricing discipline implemented earlier in the year. In the quarter, North America continued to be impacted by supply chain disruptions. Overall, supply chain was a $50 million headwind contributing to a 50 basis points decrease in the quarter year-over-year. Sales in EMEALA were up 9% organically with continued strength in Fire & Security business, which grew after low-double-digit rates in Q4 while Industrial Refrigeration, HVAC and Controls grew high single-digits and mid-single-digits respectively. By geography, revenue growth was broad based with strength in Europe partially offset by low-single-digit decline in both Latin America and the Middle East. Orders were up 3% led by high-single-digits growth in our Fire & Security platform. Backlog was up 7% to $2 billion. Segment EBITDA margin declined 160 basis points to 9.4% as a result of unfavorable region and project mix, along with continued FX headwinds which offset favorable volume leverage and the benefit of cost savings during the quarter.  Sales in Asia Pacific increased 12% driven by high-teens growth in our HVAC and Controls platform. Service platforms in the quarter growing low-double-digits in aggregate benefiting from our shorter term transactional business in China. Overall, China grew 16%.  Orders increased 3% driven by low-double-digit growth in services, install orders remained flat year-over-year, backlog of $1.6 billion declined 2% year-over-year. Segment EBITDA margins declined 140 basis points to 14% driven by FX headwinds, lower volumes and unfavorable mix due to high HVAC shipments, offsetting positive price cost and the benefit of cost savings.  Sales in our shorter cycle global products business increased 11% in Q4, benefiting from strong price realization of 12%. Commercial HVAC product sales were up mid-teens in aggregate with strength in light commercial driven by 25% growth in North America and EMELA respectively. Applied HVAC sales were up 9% with continued demand within our data center end-markets.  Outside of North America, our global residential HVAC sales were up 8% in aggregate. North America Resi HVAC was up mid-single-digits benefiting from both high growth in our equipment and parts business and strong price realization. Our HVAC business grew low-double-digits led by strong double-digits growth in Europe, driven by continued demand for our Hitachi residential heat pumps. APAC Resi HVAC sales grew high-single-digits led by strong growth in Japan. Fire & Security products grew low-double-digits in aggregate led by our Access Control and Video Solutions business and strong demand in North America and EMELA for our Fire Detection products.  EBITDA margin expanded at 300 basis points to 21.9% driven by the benefit of our productivity actions, higher volume leverage and favorable mix.  Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 14, we ended Q4 with $2 billion in available cash and net debt at 1.9 times which is lower than our target range of 2 times to 2.5 times. As previously mentioned, free cash flow was impacted by temporarily building up inventory to meet customer demand. In Q4, CapEx spend declined 29%, however for the year it increased 7% as we continue to make selective investments to improve efficiency and expand capabilities.  Before we get into next years guidance, I wanted to provide some commentary on the special items recorded in the quarter. We recorded a $255 million charge to increase our environmental remediation and related reserves, primarily related to our facility in Marinette, Wisconsin, where contamination exist for the use of fire fighting foam containing PFAS compounds.  Over the last three years, our team has made significant progress in our investigation and remediation activities including completing construction of a groundwater extraction and treatment system. As a result of that work, we were able to perform a refresh analysis based on currently available information known to us to-date.  This resulted in a reasonable estimate of the cost associated with the long-term remediation actions we expect to perform over an estimated period of up to 20 years.  Now lets discuss our fiscal year 2023 guidance on Slide 15. Currently we are seeing continued strength in demand heading into the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. Our backlog, which is at historical levels continue to build along with our continued momentum across end-markets.  Orders remain strong ending into Q1 with low-double digit organic growth expected as our value proposition continues to resonate with our customers. We anticipate low-double-digit organic revenue growth with price contributing 10%.  Segment EBITDA margin is expected to expand 120 to 130 basis points and adjusted EPS is expected in the range of $0.65 to $0.67, which represents year-over-year growth of 20% to 24%. On a full year basis, we are taking a prudent approach and providing a wide range to reflect the macroeconomic uncertainty that could potentially impact the balance of the fiscal year.  Our full year adjusted EPS guidance range of $3.20 to $3.60 represent a 7% to 20% growth rate respectively. The top quartile of our range signifies our base case scenario. This accounts for normalized GDP growth, continued growth, vector acceleration and conversion of our existing backlog. The low end of this range $3.20 provide a book end reflecting a potential downside scenario.  This scenario accounts for potential degradation of global GDP, which we believe will be offset by our resident services and commercial market presence, along with additional cost mitigation actions. On the top-line, we anticipate high-single-digits to low-double-digits organic growth with price representing about 10% as our offering continue to resonate with our customers.  We anticipate segment EBITDA margin expansion of 80 to 120 basis points as we continue to execute our higher book margin backlog throughout the fiscal year.  Full year cash flow is expected to be between 80% and 90%. Operationally, we continue to improve our working capital management and expect further improvements from the gradual reduction of inventories our supply chain normalizes.  As we close our fiscal year, we look forward to accelerating our strategic initiatives. We have aligned our business to minimize potential headwinds through enhanced operational improvements, improved cost structure and productivity enhancements. We are optimistic given the strong fundamentals across our businesses. The resiliency of our products and services continue to resonate with our customers, as our order velocity and backlog remains strong.  Heading into fiscal year 2023, we look to continue our growth momentum and invest in advancing our digital service offering while capitalizing on secular trends.  With that operator please open the lines for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Obin, Bank of America. Your line is now open. 
Andrew Obin: Hi guys. Good morning. 
Olivier Leonetti: Good morning. 
Michael Gates: Good morning, Andrew. 
Andrew Obin: Yeah, so, just a question in terms of very nice pricing outlook into next year. I was just wondering if you could give us some color as to what the backlog looks in terms of pricing and what gives you confidence that this kind of pricing will be achievable next year? 
Olivier Leonetti: So, if you look at next year indeed, we are modeling in our guide 10% of price and about 1% of volume growth. In Q1, the volume will be much higher about 3% with the pricing about 10%. If you look at today, our order velocity today, which includes discounted pricing is still growing as we said in our prepared remarks, Q1 order is actually being very healthy and actually its accelerating in Q1 relative to Q4. So we believe that the value proposition of our offerings are resonating. The backlog is strong and we believe we can command this kind of pricing, Andrew. 
Andrew Obin: Thank you. And the next question weve actually got a couple of questions from investors just regarding your guide for next year, top-line pretty good margin, pretty good. I think the low end of the guide just if you sort of try to look to versus consensus, just wanting to see if there are any below the line items that are sort of impacting the EPS guide as I said, because the top-line and margins looks very much in line better than the street, but sort of the midpoint ends up being below. Thank you. 
Olivier Leonetti: So, what we indicated in our prepared remarks, is that the wider range add two scenarios from a macro standpoint, a base scenario which is what we believe is to be the most likely case which will be the top quartile of the guide. That would equate to an EPS range of $3.60 to $3.50. Why do we believe its the base scenario?  Few reasons for that. One, at the macro level, the economy we are facing is still growing. If you take the U.S. 51% ABI is still strong. PMI at about 50%. So no indication today that we have a slow down. Thats for number one and number two, our order velocity is still very strong and we mentioned what those numbers were for Q1.  We have various incentive programs around the world in the U.S., Europe. We have a strong backlog. We have a very resilient service business and a strong commercial exposure. So we believe that the base case is a top quartile guide.  Now, we are also listening to what is happening out there and you have some economies, some CEO mentioning that we could have a slowdown next year. We believe that the worst case scenario from a slow down standpoint would translate into a GDP based economies estimates of zero to 1% in terms of growth and we wanted to give you a book of how we perform in the case we would have a major slowdown of GDP. But today, thats not what we are facing, Andrew, hence the top-quartile reference. 
Andrew Obin: Thanks. Perfect. Thanks so much for the great explanation. 
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa. Your line is open. 
Steve Tusa : Hi, good morning, guys. How are you?
George Oliver: Good morning, Steve. 
Steve Tusa : Can you just give a little more color on the guidance by the various segments? And then, anything on the bridge that stands out, I guess, just from a residual cost savings or recovery of inefficiencies from this year and anything that you guys can detail on the EPS bridge? Thanks.
Olivier Leonetti: Of course. So, if you look at the elements of the guide, today we see the business for services to be strong. We expect the service business to grow indeed 11% give or take and so our business to be low-double-digits and global products to be in the mid-teens.  Price cost would be positive of course, it was already, Steve, in the year. The price cost equation is still going to be dilutive though next year as we are not fully realizing covering the inflation we have been facing. That will be the main points regarding the guide, Steve. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Jeff Sprague : Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just one more on the guide, and it doesn't look like you're including much, if any, capital deployment in the guide. What are your thoughts around that? And is there an active M&A pipeline?
Olivier Leonetti : So you're right, we are going to have a modest increase in capex that was embedded in our free cash flow guide regarding M&A. We have a very active pipeline. We are looking at tuck-in M&A. We're going to be careful about how we deploy cash, particularly in the current climate and we will invest mainly in our digital and IP acquisitions for our global products, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague : Great. And just on PFAS, always fun to talk about, right, but topical today. Just pivoting more to the MDL and the like. I just wonder if you could give us a update on what your strategy is, if this recent ruling kind of against the idea of the government contract or defense in any way kind of changes your posture or how you kind of approach trying to work through a settlement here.
Olivier Leonetti : No change. The reserve does not include litigation recovery. The litigation is ongoing, and we believe we have a strong defense, including our government contractor defense, Jeff. We also have, as you know, insurance coverage. And at this point, we believe that any financial impact on our company is not probable and/or estimable. So we have not reserved for this particular item.
Jeff Sprague : Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Nicole DeBlase : Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, guys. 
George Oliver : Hi, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase : I just want to ask a three-part question kind of clarifying a few items in the guidance. Number one, is there any supply chain constraints embedded in the outlook versus the $50 million you realized in 4Q? Number two, SG&A cost savings. You guys mentioned that you over executed in fiscal '22.  Just curious how much you're getting in fiscal '23? And number three, does the guidance  could you just confirm that it does not include any buybacks? Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti : On the supply chain, we expect the supply chain to normalize half through fiscal year '23. It's still improving sequentially but we believe we are now going to be back to our normal state until midyear. That's point number one. Point number two, on SG&A, and that is embedded in our guide. We actually expect to deliver more productivity savings, and that is included in the guide we gave you, Nicole. And in terms of buyback, as we have said now for a number of quarters, we want to deploy 100% of free cash flow to dividend and buyback. We expect dividend to grow with earnings and the balance to be in buyback, that would be about $1 billion in buyback, Nicole, embedded in our guide.
Nicole DeBlase : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Walsh with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John Walsh : Hi. Good morning.
George Oliver : Hi, John.
John Walsh : I wanted to ask you, I guess, this is a little bit about the recent capex increase. But obviously, you've took up your capability in U.S. residential. Just curious if you're done expanding production there and kind of how the reception has been in the market with the new product.
George Oliver : Yeah, I'll take that, John. As it relates to the DOE 2023 and the cutover, we are going  everything is going well and on plan. And when you look at more than half of our residential portfolio is meeting the DOE 2023 requirements, which have been launched and we're on target to launch the remaining pieces of the portfolio before the required conversion dates. What we've seen is customers can order  place orders for the products that are already launched. And we're providing customers the opportunity to prebuy products before they're actually formally launched. Now we've been working through the existing backlog and inventory to ensure a seamless transition. We are about 100% done. Cutover is complete in the South, and we're working on the cutover in the north by year-end. Commercial products are on schedule and set to launch through the balance of the calendar year. And so overall, we're on track. And I think a lot of the investment that was required to be able to meet those requirements has been put into place, and we feel very good about the way that we're executing on that. I think as this transitions, that will provide a tailwind for us. As you know, we've had a large backlog in residential this year. We've been converting that backlog. We've been timing this transition appropriately with the launch of the new products. And we feel, as we go forward, not only do we get higher price on the new products. But as we now get our run rates better, improve now with the launch, we see significant pickup in our ability to be able to not only reduce the backlog, but be able to then take on new orders with our capacity expansion in residential.
John Walsh : Great. And then maybe just looking at the forward guidance, can you provide any color on how much of the current backlog will ship next year or just how we should think about the backlog conversion into next year?
Olivier Leonetti : So our backlog is about $13 billion. We believe that a large proportion of that should convert next year. And again, going back to the conversation we have had about the guide. That's why also our best case would be a top quartile in terms of EPS range. The backlog will give us a nice coverage. An additional comment on the backlog. This backlog is very resilient. It's associated with very bespoke projects, which are capital tied for our customers. So they want that to be delivered to them.
George Oliver : John, let me add some color on that. When you look at our global product businesses and how that played out through the year, certainly, we had a low first half and then we had a pretty significant step up here with our seasonality in Q3. And we've continued to improve our supply chain to maintain that pace as we get into the first half of 2023. And so we've seen a nice recovery in our units. As far as our supply chain recovery, it has been across our applied in building management system products. We've had a little bit of a constraint within our residential, but as I said earlier, that is being addressed with our capacity expansion and through the conversion now to the DOE 2023.  We've got all of our suppliers now on a recovery rate that supports a run rate through the first half that gets us positioned to recover a lot of the backlog in the first half as we ramp up for the seasonality in 2023 in third quarter. So we've made a lot of progress. Our supply chain teams have done a heck of a job working through this, and feel confident that we'll get back to normal lead times and normal backlogs by the end of 2023.
John Walsh : Great. Thank you. I'll pass along.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Julian Mitchell : Hi. Good morning. I just wanted to circle back to the guidance. I think you'd said that you're assuming only 1% volume growth in fiscal '23. But I just wondered if you've got this big backlog and supply chain is easing, why wouldn't the volume growth be several points higher? And maybe tied to that, your guide embeds faster margin expansion early in the year than the balance even though price cost and supply chain get easier as the year goes on.  So, just trying to understand that. Is there something assumed in the volume guide for the back half or something on mix, which is kind of pulling down the margin and offsetting the supply chain and price cost tailwind?
Olivier Leonetti : You're right. This is a prudent assumption. If you look at Q1, where we have more visibility, volume is actually three points of the growth, which would be back to historical average. We are planning for the year, a lower level of volume based upon us being prudent. And that prudence is also reflected in the guide in the second half as well in the best case.
George Oliver : Julian, let me comment on that also. In the first half, we're trying to take the backlog here in the first and second quarter. Typically, we do go down seasonally. And then we're  given the progress we've made in the third and fourth quarter, we're trying to pick up some of that backlog in the first part of the year. Certainly, we get the leverage on that. We're  on a year-on-year compare, we get much better leverage on that. And so, I think  and then it turns, in our field-based business, we're working to get back to our normal turn rate in our projects where with this supply chain disruption over the last 18 months, we've  anywhere from a month to two in our ability to turn projects. So we see that improving during the course of the year. So you'll see some acceleration of that in the first half as well as our units with our recovery of our product-based businesses. And so I think that's  some of those  those are some of the fundamentals that are playing out in the numbers.
Julian Mitchell : That's very helpful. Thank you. And then, maybe a more sort of fiddly financial question. And going back to a question earlier about below the line items. I think one thing that maybe people underestimated was the financing charges in '23. So you're guiding those at about $300 million. Q4 was about $60 million. So is that step up more just kind of variable interest rates flowing through? Is anything assumed around the gross debt? And just wondered if there's any kind of pension impact in the P&L in 2023 year on year?
Olivier Leonetti : You are right about all of those. So in terms of interest, that's the by-product of the interest rate rising. We are not factoring any significant increase in the level of debt and pension income is indeed going to decline. That's the assumption.
Julian Mitchell : Great. Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti : Thank you very much, Julian.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Snyder with UBS. Your line is now open.
Chris Snyder : Thank you. So order momentum, clearly pretty strong through the fiscal fourth quarter. What's the outlook here on orders into 2023? At what point should we expect this to moderate, just given the backlog and stabilizing, I think even potentially shortening lead times?
George Oliver : Well, I'd say  I'll take that. I'd say the pipelines that we're currently working on, both in direct and indirect continue to be strong. We continue to convert at the rates that we've been here in the second half of this year. We're actually projecting a very strong Q1 with orders. And so we're watching this closely. The one area that we'll watch is in the residential space, given that we think we're at the peak of the market now and what is going to play out there. Now for us, it's because we've been constrained with our capacity. And with the supply chain disruptions, we have not been able to convert at the rate that we could if we had the capacity. And so now on a go-forward basis with our recovery, we'll be able to take on more orders there with the new product that we're launching. And so net-net, obviously, we're watching it closely. But I think we see  we still see good momentum across the businesses.
Chris Snyder : Thank you for that. And then for my follow-up, I wanted to ask on service. And just if there's anything you could provide around pricing on the service side just so we can kind of get a feel for what type of market share benefits we're seeing from the digital initiatives. Thank you.
George Oliver : Yeah, we have been very disciplined with pricing on services and not only with the traditional more of the mechanical services. But as you know, we've been enhancing our services with OpenBlue and with connectivity and new software applications.  And so that's where you start to get a higher mix of service as we add on those capabilities. Overall, we've been able to more than offset the cost as we have across now all of the segments. And so I think on a go-forward basis, as we get a higher mix of connectivity, higher mix of software services, we'll start to see a real accretion on service margin rate. But we've  obviously, while we've been expanding, we've been very disciplined on the pricing that we're getting for the value proposition that we're providing to our customers.
Chris Snyder : Thank you. Appreciate that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Davis with Melius Research. Your line is now open.
Scott Davis : Hey. Good morning, guys. 
George Oliver : Hey, Scott.
Scott Davis : A couple of small nits here. Is the margin structure on heat pumps at scale kind of comparable to the average of the other product lines or is it a tad better?
George Oliver : Yeah. So when you look  you got to look at the mix of heat pumps, Scott. We're about  of our HVAC portfolio, we're about 50% heat pumps and that spans pretty much all of the platforms. Now as we're creating these new value propositions around decarbonization and electrification of these units, certainly, there's a pickup in margin because there's a higher demand as we're launching these new products. And so that mix will continue to improve with the new products that are being launched. We've seen good strength in our industrial refrigeration business. Even our Hitachi business has a high mix of heat pumps, and we're putting those heat pumps. We're seeing good growth in Europe as well as across the globe, actually, but a big pickup in Europe. And so as we're making the investments and the demand signals are increasing because of decarbonization, sustainability and the value proposition that these bring where we're getting incremental margins as a result.
Scott Davis : OK. Helpful. And then just a follow-up on the prior question on price because you weren't explicit and perhaps that's on purpose. But if the average  company average is 9% price or the guide is 10%, will service  will the service and install side be close to that average you think in 2023?
George Oliver : No. When you look at our pricing across the segments, we've been  obviously, our book-and-build business and global products, we've been very aggressive, Scott, in making sure that we're recovering. With shorter cycles, we've recovered all of the costs through price and we're going to get back to the margins where we were previous to the ramp-up of inflation.  On the field-based businesses within install and services, we have  with the project-based business, as you know, we  when we  you go back two years ago when we were projecting cost, we were under costing projects because we didn't factor in the level of inflation that was experienced. Now that all was fixed a year ago. And that's been  as you see now, the mix coming through the field project-based business, is very strong, right, with the pricing that was put in place as a result of now taking into account the  all of the costs and even some of the disruption costs that we're experiencing.  So the project-based businesses are very high, recovering the margin that previously we were short on. On the service-based business, it's lower because we maintain the value proposition, and we haven't seen the amount of inflation that comes through the mix of our services that we provide. And so  but again, we're offsetting cost. And then with the value proposition that we bring with OpenBlue with the digital offerings, we then accrete margin in addition to that with those value propositions, Scott. So it's lower than the 9% of just pure price cost. But now we're going to get a higher mix because of the additive services.
Scott Davis : Yeah, that color is super helpful. Thank you, guys. Best of luck in '23. I'll pass it on.
George Oliver : Thank you, Scott.
Olivier Leonetti : Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Joe Ritchie : Thanks. Good morning, guys. 
Olivier Leonetti : Good morning.
Joe Ritchie : So I'd like to start on supply chain. Once again, I think, Olivier, you mentioned that supply chain destructions were roughly $50 million this quarter. I think they were roughly $65 million last quarter. So on the margin, it got a little bit better. But I'm just curious, are you seeing this  Is this still a labor issue? Is this a component issue? Like where  what have you seen get better? And where are you still seeing constraints?
George Oliver : Yeah, Joe, I'll take that. We've done incredible work over the last 18 months when this all got turned upside down because of lead times and all of the critical components being extended and more than double the lead times is really what started the disruption.  And as a result of that, we've done a lot of good work around how do we commonize all of our components and ultimately then get aligned with our strategic suppliers and getting the volumes that we need not only short term, but supporting the growth going forward. And we've done that pretty much across all of our commodities. And obviously, the one that initially impacted us was the microchips and semiconductor materials, and we're fully lined out on that now in a good recovery position as we go forward. And so we are seeing, on a run rate basis, good improvement as we're heading into Q1. And so as we've been, we've been very proactive.  We've been  I would say now, as we look at our run rates of being able to reduce our backlog, we're now getting suppliers aligned and getting firm commitments that we can meet these run rates to ultimately bring this backlog down and achieve the growth that we're positioned to achieve in 2023. Our supply chain team has done a great job. Our manufacturing sites have been keeping production going while we're continuing this recovery of materials. And we went from $65 million in the third quarter to $50 million in the fourth. We expect that to be reduced again in the first quarter. But we do  this is  we've got everyone lined out to a recovery rate here for second quarter, so that as we position for third and fourth, which is our seasonal high quarters, we're going to be well positioned not only to have recovered our backlog, but now to be positioned with lead times that are very competitive in our ability to be able to take on additional volume in the second half of the year.  And that's what we're positioned to do. So even though we have a little bit of headwind still with disruption, we've been pricing that disruption in our go-forward pricing. And then with the offsetting some of the headwinds is the additional COGS and SG&A work that we're doing to lean out the company and offset any additional headwinds that we might achieve. But overall, I would tell you from where we are from six months ago to where we are today, we're in a much different spot.
Joe Ritchie : Got it, George. That's super helpful. And then I guess maybe just one other question on the margin  or maybe not the margin, but the 2023 bridge. And so as you kind of think through it, I think we were originally expecting $260 million in costout. It sounds like price cost from a dollar perspective should be positive. Are there any other key items to really think through as we're thinking through like that's what the incrementals should look like in 2023 versus 2022.  I recognize that you guys have a low volume expectation. But are those the kind of key items or is there anything else that you would like to call out as we try to look at just like the adjusted EBITA segment?
Olivier Leonetti : No, you're right. If you look at the impact of the disruption on next year, we are modeling about 40 basis points 4, 0 and if you look at the incremental before  including the disruptions, the incrementals, I expect that next year to be at about 33% net of disruptions. Excluding them, in other words, we should be at over 40%, Joe.
Joe Ritchie : Got it. Okay, helpful. Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti : Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Josh Pokrzywinski : Hey. Good morning, guys. Just want to follow up on that supply chain. 
Olivier Leonetti : Good morning.
Josh Pokrzywinski : Good morning. Just on the kind of supply chain easing and backlog conversion. During the seasonally slower period, George, like you mentioned, first quarter, second quarter, how much do you think you were able to sort of pull in as a function of, hey, maybe demand normally in these quarters wouldn't be this high, but we have extra backlog and they'll take it whenever they can get it.  There is some sort of buffer in first quarter, especially that we should be aware of that's maybe kind of backlog-driven or supply chain normalization driven?
George Oliver : Yeah. So when we look at backlog and we look at our run rate, we're pretty well positioned here through the first quarter because of our backlog and the run rates that we're achieving across each one of these product businesses, we're actually trying to  on these markets that are unconstrained, meaning that there's even more growth that we can go after if we can commit cycle times that are lower.  We're actually doing that to fill in additional volume later in the year. And so what we're doing is, in the first quarter, you do have less days but we're targeting to try to maintain our run rates across all of our sites at the same level that we had in the fourth quarter. And so to your point, does that give us an ability to be able to not only achieve the  it gives us good ability to achieve the forecast we've made. And then as we track that in Q2, we believe that, that will continue. So at this stage, we feel good about where we are and we do see continued improvement as we get through the first half of the year.
Josh Pokrzywinski : Okay. Got it. And then on the price in revenue versus price in orders, I know that was sort of a big talking point last quarter, Olivier. Just getting that sequential price or higher uptick. What was that phenomenon like this quarter, i.e., are you still getting more price in the order book than that is coming out of the backlog and shipping and revenue today?
Olivier Leonetti : In the order book, the level of pricing has increased in Q4 relative to Q3 for our field business. The level of orders and price into it is about 1.5 points higher than it was in Q3. So we're in more than the mid-teens pricing in orders. So strong pricing based upon the strength of our value proposition, I would say, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski : Got it. That's helpful. Appreciate it. Best of luck.
Olivier Leonetti : Take care.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deane Dray with RBC. Your line is now open.
Deane Dray : Thank you. Good morning, everyone. 
Olivier Leonetti : Good morning.
Deane Dray : I was hoping to get some more context on the free cash flow guide for '23, the 80% to 90%. Are you assuming any drawdown on working capital as the supply chain normalizes? Or is that a potential upside to the free cash flow target?
Olivier Leonetti : So our guide is 80% to 90%. There are two elements into this. One, to your point, we are growing  we are going to grow at a steady pace. That is going to be using working capital. If you look at the number of days, we will improve all the elements of the cash conversion cycle to improve. DSO will keep improving. That has been a theme now for a number of quarters, DPO, the same. DIO will improve, but will not go back to the '21 level yet. We believe it's going to be our item in financial fiscal year '24, Deane. 
Deane Dray : Okay. That's helpful. And then just any color on Europe? Look like that was fairly strong, but any change at the margin, the frontlog conversion of orders, anything that you would highlight?
Olivier Leonetti : So orders is still strong in Europe. Actually, in Q4, we see the order growth improving. And if you look at the margin profile of Europe, it's not where we want it to be, but we see it improving as well. It has improved sequentially in Q4 versus Q3, and we expect that to be the case still as we go forward. So far in Europe, so good, I would say, Deane.
Deane Dray : Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Your line is now open.
Jack Ayers : Hey, guys. Good morning. This is Jack Ayers on for Gautam today. 
Olivier Leonetti : Good morning. 
George Oliver : Good morning. 
Jack Ayers : Good morning. I know the '23 guide has obviously been covered here. But kind of just wanted to ask about the long-term targets provided at the investor day last fall. Just any color there. I know we've had some headwinds with supply chain, but it seems like things are getting incrementally better. Just how do we think about the 250 to 300-basis-point margin expansion? And I guess, what has to happen there in regards to supply chain to really meet those targets?
Olivier Leonetti : I mean, clearly, and I'm going to state the obvious here, Jack. When we put our guide, the environment was very different. Inflation, COVID, supply chain, war in Europe, FX, all those were variable, which were not part of our guide. If we are  if we do not have a slowdown as and a GP of zero to one next year, which is not the expectation. If we meet our base case, the guide for 2024 is still within reach. It's going to be more difficult. But if you were to do a squeeze, the revenue you need the margin expansion you need and the EPS expansion you need to reach our target is going to be harder, but still within reach. A lot will depend, Jack, on what happened this year from a macro standpoint.
George Oliver : What I would say, Jack  Jack, I'd add that when you look at the secular trends that are underway, some of these are entire recessional relative to the decarbonization and the demand that we see there with a lot of the incentives that are being provided.  And so that's going to help and we see that now playing out with heat pumps and there's a lot of different parts of the business that's benefiting from that. Services. I think even during this period of time, services are going to be more attractive because of the value proposition that we're providing not only operationally to help our customers, but also aligned to being able to achieve their net zero goals. And so there is a lot of fundamentals when you look at the space we're in and the strategy we outlined that we're confident that we're going to get to those fundamentals. It's just a matter of what is the timing because of some of these environmental events here that's having an impact on us.  But we're completely confident that we have the right product technologies, combined with now OpenBlue in the way that, that now is accelerating, our ability to be able to build services and recurring revenue and really attack what we see to be very attractive growth vectors, which is decarbonization, sustainability, healthy buildings and more around this whole  how do we create autonomous buildings that is an incredible value proposition that we can bring to our customers. So that hasn't changed one bit. It's just a matter of timing with some of these environmental factors that we're weighing in. 
Jack Ayers : That's great. Thanks, guys. I appreciate the color. 
George Oliver : So with that, operator, why don't we close the Q&A. As we continue to execute, I'd say I'm very encouraged by our progress. We're in a very strong position to carry out our strategic initiatives, continue to showcase our leadership and support of our customers' mission-critical needs, and we see that every day expanding.  I'd like to thank our Johnson Controls colleagues worldwide for your continued efforts. Our customers for their ongoing support and all of you, as we enter the next fiscal year and continuing to build a better, healthier, and safer future in 2023. So thank you all for joining. I look forward to speaking with many of you soon. Operator, that concludes our call.
Operator: That concludes todays conference. Thank you all for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-08-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Johnson Controls Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session.  This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will turn the call over to Michael Gates, Senior Director, Investor Relations.
Michael Gates: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls third quarter fiscal 2022 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. Joining me on the call today are Johnson Controls Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver; and our Chief Financial Officer, Olivier Leonetti. As a reminder, before we begin, during the course of todays call, well be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you review todays press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that weve included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions, and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our results during the call, references are made to adjusted earnings per share, EBITDA and EBIT, excluding restructuring as well as other special items. These metrics together with organic sales and free cash flow are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to the presentation posted on our website. Additionally, all comparisons to the prior year are on a continuing ops basis. With that, I will turn the call over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Lets begin with Slide 3. As we closed out the third quarter, we continued our pace of delivering solid top line growth, supported by a resilient backlog and strong order pipeline. Reported sales for the quarter increased 4% to $6.6 billion compared to the prior year and grew 8% organically, in line with our expectations for the quarter. The overall demand backdrop remains robust with total field orders up 11% organically year-over-year and 29% on a two-year stack as our record backlog continues to grow, increasing 13% organically year-over-year. The third quarter was an inflection point, and our teams have done an excellent job of executing both from a sales perspective and operationally, despite the challenging macro environment we have faced throughout the fiscal year. While supply chain disruptions have reduced the speed at which we can convert our substantial backlog, primarily in our longer cycle North America Solutions business, our enhanced focus on supply chain management is beginning to produce results. Our teams have done a great job working with suppliers to mitigate the impact of supply chain headwinds by securing critical materials and managing sites to improve production and facility utilization. I remain confident in the fundamentals we are building for fiscal 2023 and beyond. Given our prudent approach to managing operations and advancements across key growth vectors, I believe we are positioned to withstand these fluctuating headwinds and simultaneously deliver on our long-term targets. Our focus on strong business fundamentals and meeting customer demand for smart, healthy and connected buildings across the most mission-critical vertical markets remain our top priorities. Weve also taken great strides to deliver on our strategic initiatives over the quarter and remain on track to achieve our goal of reaching $230 million in productivity savings, realizing $170 million in cost savings year-to-date. We are also utilizing additional levers through functionalization, simplification in our ERP rollout to further drive our productivity efforts. In addition to the margin benefits from our cost optimization efforts, we are seeing improvements in price/cost, which inflected positive for the first time this year. We expect additional cost absorption to be realized in our field project backlog, which consists of higher book margin to be converted in the quarters to come. As we accelerate our growth strategy, we are confident in our ability to achieve our strategic vision of becoming the smart building solutions leader. Through our digital transformation efforts, we reached significant milestones during the quarter and year-to-date, further advancing our OpenBlue platform, executing on our commitment of investing in best-in-class technologies in fostering technology partnerships. Our efforts further strengthen our ability to capitalize on the vast and emerging secular trends across our installed base as we look to lead the way in fostering clean energy usage and healthy indoor air environments for our customers and transform our service value proposition. M&A remains another key strategic priority to further our growth objectives with several actionable opportunities in the pipeline that will allow us to support technological advancements and synergies across our portfolio. From a capital allocation standpoint, we have deployed over $2 billion in capital year-to-date, including over $1.4 billion in share repurchases and nearly $700 million in cash dividends. Our execution this quarter defines our meaningful approach to reaching our strategic objectives of commercial excellence through enhanced digital capabilities and supply chain management, all while continuously improving the diversity of our organization. We are committed to strengthening our leadership across our organization with recent appointments of Rodney Clark as VP and Chief Commercial Officer; Anu Rathninde as VP and President of Asia-Pacific; and Susan Huppertz, who assumed the role of Chief Supply Chain Officer. We pride ourselves on fostering a high-performance culture and having the teams in place to drive continued innovation to address todays challenges while leading the way for the future of our industry. While there is still a long way to go until supply chain disruptions normalize, we have seen encouraging signs of operational improvement, helping to stabilize supply chain-related challenges as we realize the benefits of our management and contingency programs implemented throughout the year. Now turning to Slide 4. We continue to lead the industry in connectivity with OpenBlue and have built upon significant milestones to solve the dynamic needs of our customers. Through our fully integrated digital platform, providing the latest cybersecurity, AI enablement and digital twin capabilities, OpenBlue remains a step ahead of the competition. Last quarter, we launched the OpenBlue Gateway, which was a critical step in accelerating the connectivity of our equipment and a key enabler of our ability to deliver enhanced digital service offerings. To date, we have over 8,400 connected chillers through OpenBlue, representing an 86% increase year-over-year. The launch of our connected control platform, which represents the first integration of OpenBlue with our legacy medicines platform is also off to a great start. As mentioned last quarter, we view this as a significantly disruptive solution that will allow us to intelligently automate buildings to get to the next level of optimization for our customers into our air quality, energy efficiency and carbon reduction need as well as transform our service value proposition. In addition, we look forward to providing customers with added flexibility of data integration with OpenBlue multi-cloud capabilities. This technology gives customers the ability to seamlessly integrate hosted data from various outlets while ensuring a high availability of data and insights for our customers. Lastly, on the M&A front, we announced another exciting technology acquisition with Tempered Networks, similar to the FogHorn acquisition announced in Q1. This transaction leverages best-in-class technology to further enhance the OpenBlue technology stack. Tempereds industry-leading edge security focused and proprietary air wall technology will be seamlessly embedded into OpenBlue Bridge to create a zero trust security pipeline that enhances the trust and connectivity of our growing network. This purpose-built system greatly simplifies the implementation of zero trust cybersecure networks, including connected equipment, which are already resonating strongly with our customers. This is critical as we think about our strategy for AI-enabled edge devices and the importance of data security for our customers, and we are excited to welcome the Tempered team to Johnson Controls. Next, moving to Slide 5. Our differentiated best-in-class digital services, while still in the early stages are maturing and delivering results as we start to capitalize on the flexibility and solutions offered to our direct channel customers. Core services benefited during the quarter with orders and revenues up over 7% and 8% year-over-year and 20% and 19%, respectively, on a two-year stack. Our overall service attach rate increased another 70 basis points in the quarter, bringing us closer to our target on a run rate basis. Moving along to Slide 6. Turning to our growth vectors. With climate change continuing to pose an imminent risk, decarbonization is an increasingly significant goal nationally and globally, both in the public and private sectors. At Johnson Controls, we drive our business forward by recognizing there is a role for us to play in global decarbonization and have taken great strides in growing our best-in-class partnership ecosystem to address our customers commitment towards net zero. Through our collaboration with Forrester, we have commissioned our proprietary sustainability maturity assessment tool, helping customers deliver on their net zero goals. We have strengthened our partnership with Accenture, which together will deliver two new Johnson Controls OpenBlue innovation centers, helping further the development of AI-enabled building control system, products and services to accelerate our development and deployment of a full portfolio of digital solutions. Year-to-date, our sustainability infrastructure business has booked over $595 million in orders, and we remain on track to deliver over $1 billion of orders from fiscal year 2022, representing a 15% increase year-over-year. In addition, our $7.2 billion pipeline remains healthy with over 200 active opportunities consisting of large multi-national customers spanning across numerous end markets from hospitality, health care, beverage and industrial. Turning to Slide 7, shifting to a Healthy Buildings. The market opportunity remains strong with global government support for indoor air quality investments on the rise. We remain uniquely positioned to capture this trend and help customers manage challenges through our OpenBlue indoor air quality as a service. This turnkey offering has continued to gain traction, providing customers with a long-term proactive approach to meet the ever-changing health and safety compliance standards while leveraging our advanced OpenBlue technology stack to optimize costs and increase productivity. Notably, during the quarter, we delivered strong results. Year-to-date, Healthy Buildings orders have increased 27% year-over-year. Our Healthy Buildings pipeline represents over $1.3 billion and has grown 33% year-over-year. And finally, on Slide 8, we continue to demonstrate our leadership and sustainability, data privacy and diversity, and we are honored to be recognized for our efforts. Most notably, we would like to recognize our own Human Resources Officer, Marlon Sullivan, who was recently named as one of 2022s most influential black executives in the corporate world. To close out my prepared remarks, I am confident about what the future holds and how our team is positioned to lead the way towards a more sustainable future for our customers and communities. We have made great progress across our key growth sectors and have managed to navigate a difficult macro environment while executing our strategic initiatives. Despite the temporary headwinds, our path forward remains bright, and we are in a perfect position to execute on our resilient backlog demand through 2023 and beyond. With that, Im going to turn the call over to Olivier to walk you through the financial details in the quarter and update you on our outlook. Olivier?
Olivier Leonetti: Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. Let me start with the summary on Slide 9. Sales in the quarter were up 8% organically at the midpoint of our original guidance for high single-digit growth with price contributing nearly 8 points, in line with what we originally anticipated. We saw strong performance across our shorter-cycle global product portfolio up 9%. Our longer-cycle field businesses also performed well, up 7%, with further growth in both service and in store. Segment EBITDA declined 3% with margins down 110 basis points to 15.1%. Favorable price cost and the benefit of our ongoing SG&A and COGS programs were offset by 104 basis points margin headwind from lower volumes and supply chain-related challenges. EPS of $0.85 increased 3% year-over-year, benefiting from positive price/cost as well as lower share count and absorbed a $0.03 FX headwind versus our guide assumptions. Free cash flow was down in the quarter as we continue to manage supply chain disruptions in order to meet customer demands. Turning to our EPS bridge on Slide 10. Overall, operations contributed $0.02 versus the prior year, including a $0.07 benefit from our COGS and SG&A productivity programs, which helped to offset lower volumes and supply chain challenges. Underlying segment earnings were net $0.05 headwind year-over-year. Please turn to Slide 11. Orders for our field businesses increased 11% in aggregate with continued momentum on a two-year stack basis. Service orders were led by high teens growth in our shorter-term transactional business. Install orders increased low double digits in the quarter, primarily driven by demand for applied HVAC and controls systems. Field backlog grew 13% to $11.1 billion, a $1.3 billion increase versus the prior year and up $174 million sequentially. In our project-based field business, we continue to below backlog with higher-margin work. Our supply chain disruptions subside, and our mix becomes more favorable, we expect margin accretion in the quarter to come. Lastly, our Global Products backlog grew by more than 50% to $2.2 billion and continues to show strength. Lets discuss our segment results in more detail on Slide 12 and 13. Sales in North America were up 10% organically with broad-based growth across the portfolio, led primarily by strength in our applied business, up low double digits. Fire & Security grew high single digits. Our Sustainability Infrastructure business grew low double digits with strong growth of about 25% on a two-year stack basis. Orders were up 15% with high teens growth in applied, driven by continued equipment demand in the data center and health care verticals. Fire & Security orders were up mid-single digits and backlog ended the quarter at $7.2 billion, up 17% year-over-year. Segment margin decreased 400 basis points to 10.7%, a direct result of headwinds from projects booked prior to acceleration of cost 12 to 18 months ago as well as the pace and mix of backlog conversion and lower absorption due to supply chain constraints. Overall, supply chain was a $45 million headwind in the quarter, and we expect this to improve as we head into Q4. In EMEALA, we saw continued strength in the Fire & Security business, which grew at a high single-digit rate in Q3. Industrial Refrigeration declined mid-single digits driven by supply chain delays and customer site readiness, but was offset by high single-digit growth in our HVAC business, specifically in the UK region. Orders were up 8%, led by mid-teens growth in our Fire & Security platform. Backlog was up 10% to $2.2 billion. Underlying margin performance driven by positive price/cost and the benefit of cost savings, offset by lower volumes. Sales in Asia Pacific declined 1%, a direct result of multiple lockdowns in China. Overall, China declined 7%, and the rest of Asia increased 6% with growth primarily in Industrial Refrigeration. Orders increased 2% with continued strength in applied, driven primarily by continued momentum within the industrial vertical in China with a continued pipeline of infrastructure investment across key verticals like data centers, semiconductor, petrochemical and health care. Backlog of $1.7 billion was up 1% year-over-year. The 90 basis point increase in margin was primarily the result of positive price/cost and the benefit of cost savings, which more than offset lower volumes from the COVID lockdowns. Sales in our shorter-cycle global products increased 9% in Q3, benefiting from strong price realization of 11%. Volumes declined by 2% due to supply chain headwinds and COVID lockdowns in China. Commercial HVAC product sales were up high single digits in aggregate with strength in light commercial driven by more than 15% growth in North America and low double-digit growth in VRF. Applied HVAC sales were up 8%, driven by strong growth in Europe and APAC. Global Residential HVAC sales were up 9% in aggregate. North America resi HVAC was up 22%, benefiting from both higher growth in our equipment and part business and strong price realization. Outside of North America, our resi HVAC business grew mid-single digits, led by strong double-digit growth in Europe, driven by strong demand for our Hitachi residential heat pumps. APAC Resi HVAC sales grew low single digits led by strong growth in India. Fire & Security products grew high single digits in aggregate, led by our specialty products in Europe and North America, up 27% and 18%, respectively. Although not recorded in our official field order backlog, Global Products orders were up mid-single digits organically and our third-party backlog exceeded $2 billion. EBITDA margins expanded 110 basis points to 22.2% as the benefit of productivity actions and favorable mix more than offset headwinds from supply chain disruptions. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 14. We ended Q3 with $1.5 billion in available cash and net debt at 2.2 times, still at the low end of our target range of 2 to 2.5 times. As I previously mentioned, free cash flow was impacted by supply chain disruptions. To meet our customer demand, we are carrying higher inventory levels and our supply chain normalizes, we expect gradual recovery of trade working capital. We repurchased another 7 million shares for approximately $400 million in the third quarter, bringing us to $1.4 billion for the year. Now lets discuss our refined guidance on Slide 15. Underlying demand trends across most of our businesses continue to grow, and Im encouraged by the pace of all the growth we have seen year-to-date. We are on pace to meet our commitments despite continued pressure from FX. We are refining our full year adjusted EPS range to $2.98 to $3.02, absorbing $0.06 of FX headwinds. EPS growth of 12% to 14% is expected year-over-year. On the top line, we expect to grow 8% to 9% organically. Price is expected to contribute 7 points in line with our prior expectations, fully offsetting additional inflation. For the full year, we still expect to be slightly positive on price/cost. Segment margin is now expected to come minus 10 to minus 20 basis points, reflecting pressure related to additional price on the top line with minimum margin contribution and the mix impact associated with the supply chain disruptions in North America. These factors account for nearly 150 basis points headwind versus the prior year. Full year free cash flow conversion is now expected to be 80% as the inventory bid in the first half combined with slower backlog conversion create nearly a $200 million headwind to our prior guidance. Due to the actions taken to mitigate the supply chain impacts, we are not anticipating the typical seasonal inventory drawdown. Turning to Q4. EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.96 to $1, which assumes organic revenue growth of 9% to 10% and a segment margin improvement of 40 to 60 basis points, offsetting $0.03 FX headwind. While near-term supply chain disruptions still empower backlog conversion rates, we continue to meet our commitments in a challenging environment. We have seen positive improvements in our run rate cost optimization efforts and price/cost headwinds. Looking forward, we are confident in our ability to convert our backlog in 2023 and realize sequential margin recovery as we move towards long-term targets. With that, operator, please open up the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question today comes from Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Your line is now open.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. I have two questions. First, if you could talk about the NCI variance that you described in the guidance? And secondly, if you could just opine on fiscal 2023. Last quarter, you mentioned you might catch up that, which was lost this year  next year. Do you still feel confident of that? Because when we look at street numbers, were looking for 20% plus earnings growth. I just wanted to get your view on that. Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti: Gautam, good morning. I hope youre well. Thank you for your questions. I will take the first one and George will take the second one. In terms of NCI, if you look at particularly the segment EBITDA margin in the quarter where we had a slight miss, this is mainly due to the underperformance of our joint venture with Hitachi. And this is particularly due to the slowdown we have experienced in Japan residential, and were catching up this miss in NCI, and we are largely planning that to be the case in Q4 as well.
George Oliver: Gautam, as it relates to 2023, Id say, we are continuing to look at the potential headwinds and signs of a recessionary environment. What is really positive is, our order velocity doesnt indicate this, and our order book margin profile continues to strengthen and materialize as we planned for 2023. If you look at our backlog, weve got a strong, resilient backlog of $13 billion. Thats made up of over $11 billion in the field and over $2 billion in Global Products. And as Olivier talked about, as weve been looking projects over the last year, obviously, weve taken into account a much higher level of inflation thats booked into those projects as well as have accreted the margins that we booked. And so on a go-forward basis, as weve inflected here in third quarter, weve got a very attractive margin rate thats going to play out as we go forward. And so then the other opportunity that we have, as we talked about last quarter, is that we ramped up in the third quarter. So we have a seasonal pickup from second to third, and Im very pleased with the progress we made in supporting that volume increase in third quarter. Now we didnt do a lot of recovery, because we were in a step up because of the seasonality. Now going forward, with all the work that weve done with our suppliers, weve got line of sight to materials that will sustain this level of output in fourth quarter and continue as we look at Q1 and Q2. So its going to be important that we continue to improve the turn times in our project-based business, which were focused on doing as well as then the higher-margin projects ultimately playing out through the course of the year. And then in addition, I would say what we feel really good about is the progress of our services with the digital services that were offering and how thats resonating with our customers and now being able to take our installed base and layer on a whole new level of services with OpenBlue. Thats really starting to take hold. And then I think if we do get into a recessionary period, with the secular trends that we see in our space are very attractive, especially now with some of the regulations and legislation coming through requiring reduction in energy demand and requiring heat pumps and the like. And so were fully aware of the risk. I think weve been building a pipeline, a very strong pipeline thats going to be playing through here very well in 2023, and well have a playbook  well make sure that our playbook is ready so as we  if we were to go into a downturn, we would be able to navigate it similar to what we did during the pandemic. So were focused on what we can control. Certainly, were excited about how were executing our strategy, and certainly, well give you more update as we go through Q4 and layout 2023.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Steve Tusa: Hi, good morning. Sorry, I hoped on late. I missed some of the intro, but have you guys addressed what  from a cash and an earnings perspective, what maybe could be considered pushed into next year. Is there any change in the messaging that what youre missing this year is not necessarily lost thats kind of pushed forward?
Olivier Leonetti: Steve, we have not covered that. Good morning. From a free cash flow standpoint, what were experiencing today is an increased level of inventory resulting from the actions we have taken to manage our supply chain disruptions and meet our customer demands. Thats largely an industry trend. Steve, if you look at the KPI for cash conversion cycle, were improving DSO or days better year-on-year, improving DPO seven days favorable year-on-year. And the drive we have in free cash flow at the moment is due to inventory seven days up in DIO year-on-year. We expect, as a result, the free cash flow conversion for the year to be about 80%, we had a guide of about 90%, if you remember, Steve, and to your point, no change in the fundamentals. This inventory will go down, mainly based upon what George just said, and we are totally convinced that we will be able to go back to the 100% free cash flow target we have committed to you and our investors.
Steve Tusa: Yes. And I guess, just following up on the earnings front on that side. You had mentioned last quarter, I think, that youd see  usually, you go down seasonally 4Q to 1Q, but you should see kind of an above seasonal performance given this is supply constraint related, and youre talking about having visibility to a consistent level of supply. I dont know whether you mean that in a seasonal sense or not. But like is the run rate heading into next year still expected to be better than seasonal as these revenues and earnings and cash push forward? I guess, more on a revenue and earnings perspective. You kind of answered the cash question, I guess.
George Oliver: Steve, Id just address that with Gautam as it relates to 2023. What weve been working on is, we had a challenge going into the third quarter to ramp up our supply chain to be able to achieve from a full log standpoint, the typical step up. Im very pleased with the progress we made in being able to do that, supporting the third quarter. Now as we go forward, weve been working on a forward-looking basis to maintain the component supply so that we can remain at this elevated level of output through Q4 as well as as we position for the first half of next year. Typically, we go down. We typically go down in the first and second quarter because of the seasonality and then begin to pick up again. And so as we said last time and it still holds true today that were working to sustain this elevated level of output, begin to accelerate the turn of the projects that we have in backlog and be able to have in the first half be significant relative to a growth standpoint because of the price thats in the backlog thats going to turn and then the ability to be able to turn our projects faster to be able to get through that backlog.
Steve Tusa: Right. So above seasonal in the first half? I guess, is a simple question. Do you expect it to be above seasonal in the first half?
George Oliver: Well be  from historical, we will be  from what weve seen  historically, we will be above that rate in the first half.
Steve Tusa: Okay, great. Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti: Steve, yes, if you look at the backlog today, thats a record high for the two businesses we have in our field business. Backlog is at about $11 billion, up 13% year-on-year. And in our Global Products shorter cycle, the backlog is up 50% at more than $2 billion. So as George indicated, our supply chain gets better. That should flow through in the first half of the year.
Steve Tusa: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you, good morning. Just back on supply chain, but maybe just a kind of a different wrinkle. Also been a fair amount of issues just on job sites, right, construction crews, that sort of thing. So even though your confidence level is going up on kind of inbound materials, it sounds like into your factories. Just wonder if you could kind of address that other side of the equation. Whats outside of your control and the confidence to kind of step up to this higher revenue rate in the fourth quarter as a function of that?
George Oliver: Yes. So its a great question, Jeff. When you look at where weve had the biggest impact is in our North America business, and its really the convergence of three supply chains. So its not only what our customers are doing, what we supply to our North America business, especially around building management controls, and then ultimately, what we buy from other OEs that contribute to the project-based business we built. And so all three have been challenged. What I  what weve seen in the third quarter, we have significantly improved our turn of our building management systems and the digital content that we provide to our North America business. Were continuing to work with the other OEs and seeing improvements in their deliveries as well as the line of sight to sustain those deliveries going forward. And then I think as labor begins to subside, the labor pressures that everyone has had to deal with during this cycle, I think, are beginning to subside. So that what I think would impact the broader customer  the ability for the customer not to execute more on plan relative to the projects that are being completed. So I think those are the three elements that drive our success. We see a net result in the quarter was about $45 million in lower absorption in North America. That will continue to improve as we go through Q4, that will be reduced. And then on a go-forward basis, as I said, were going to get back. Weve got projects on average. Were turning  its really about two months. Its taken two months longer that were going to start to see that turn reduced and getting back to where weve been historically. And so its hard to say precisely what its going to be, Jeff, but I have confidence working across all of those factors that things are improving, and were going to be able to turn faster. Were going to be able to get additional volumes through here, especially as we look at the first half of 2023, and that should play out pretty well for us.
Jeff Sprague: Great. And then maybe as a follow-up, a lot of that is embedded into the margin question. I guess, the other key part of the margin question is this dynamic of whats working through the backlog, right, and kind of price catching up given the natural lag in some of your businesses. We obviously see our margin forecast here for the quarter. In aggregate, I just wonder if you could give us a little sense of how we think about the regions, in particular North America in Q4 from a margin rate basis.
Olivier Leonetti: So Jeff, if you look at our margin today, we believe  we see Q3 as being an inflection point. We were positive in price/cost for the first time in the year by $20 million. We expect to be $30 million positive in price/cost in Q4 and positive in price/cost for the year. We havent communicated that in our prepared remarks, but were observing today that our booked margin for orders are 4 points of our bill margin in Q3, and that is going to flow to the P&L as we realize our backlog. And as we have just said, as George indicated, the turn end of the backlog is improving by about two months, thats starting to be the expectation. So you have higher backlog at higher margin turning faster. So we believe that margin going forward is going to be a tailwind for our business. Going back quickly to our North America, which has been most impacted by those supply chain challenges, you see, again, Q3 was an inflection point. We are anticipating an increase of margin in North America Q3 over Q4 to be about close to 4.5 points and the business margin in North America clearly turning around, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to kind of circle back to the fourth quarter sort of margin construct. So in Q3, you had 8% organic growth and the margin down 110 bps. Q4, youre saying sort of 9%, 10% organic growth, the margin up 50 bps. So just trying to ask you to unpack perhaps that swing in a little bit more detail. I think one element is, there was no volume growth in Q3 and maybe youre assuming 2 or 3 points of volume growth in Q4. Price/cost, I think, was supply chain and labor was a 60 bps headwind in Q3. Im not sure if that is a tailwind in Q4. Maybe just help us understand some of those moving pieces thats driving the margin there to turn around.
Olivier Leonetti: So you have a mix going on now in the margin equation. If you go back to our field business, we price jobs at the start of the inflationary period. We didnt anticipate in the job we priced, obviously, this inflation and we correctly  we quickly adjusted this. Now you start to see this higher margin backlog in the field business to go through the P&L. Thats mainly why we expect to be  we were price/cost positive in Q3, and that will accelerate in Q4 and going forward. The best example we said, Julian, is the statistics are quoted for North America where you see a significant increase in margin sequentially, so about 4.5 points Q4 over Q3 in segment EBITDA margin. And you see it also in the delta between booked margin and also bill margin as well. So one being higher than the other by 4 points.
George Oliver: Let me just add, Julian, too. The other is the mix. As we got behind on our building management system, the electronic systems that go into our solution set, certainly, that has a big impact because theres a multiple there as it gets installed and then serviced within our business. And so we saw our accelerating recovery during the third quarter. We just had a very strong July with our electronic building management systems, and that drives significant revenue as well as from a mix standpoint getting back to where we were historically with that content. So thats another contributor. In addition to what Olivier said about the pricing. Just to understand this pricing dynamic in our field-based business, up until it was over a year ago when we were going to be in a inflationary period, but not the hyperinflation that we experienced, and weve been working to claw back on those contracts. Obviously, the additional cost, but its difficult to get it fully recovered. Weve been booking the last year at a much higher level of cost with a much higher level of anticipated inflation and then above and beyond that booking very attractive margins in this environment because of the demand. And so what youll see and what Olivier said is seeing the mix now of those projects beginning to come through with the higher mix of content that is helping the margin rate.
Olivier Leonetti: Julian, one statistic. Pricing in the field business in aggregate in the P&L, 3 points in Q1. In Q4, we expect it to be about 7 points just to complement the analytics we have been talking about.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning, guys.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Josh Pokrzywinski: George, wonder if we could start off on EMEA Fire & Security. It looks like, EMEA orders have held in pretty well quarterly, some of that price you just noted that the price uptick has been pretty good. But it doesnt seem to really match maybe some of the like energy retrofit or energy scarcity themes that might be holding up demand elsewhere in Europe? What are you guys seeing on that? And there  have there been any whispers of the market of a slowdown?
George Oliver: Yes. So when we look at  you really have to look at Fire & Security more broadly and not necessarily by domain. Weve been incorporating this into more of our building systems offering, so not just Fire & Security, but other offerings. Certainly, the domain itself is very attractive because of the service that we spin out. And then were going back after the installed base as part of our services to be able to upgrade and then with connectivity be able to perform more services. So what youre seeing is that playing out. So were creating demand with the installed base. Were upgrading. Were connecting, and then ultimately, were capitalizing on what there is for new projects that are coming through the market. And so I think youre seeing an output of that, and I think the team is executing very well. The other thing, Josh, is that we have been constrained in the semiconductor with the semiconductor materials. And our teams have done a really nice job working with all of our semiconductor manufacturers with line of sight now to run rates that are much higher than what we were achieving. And so our ability to be able to then sell and convert, especially on some of the shorter cycle projects has been a real advantage for us. And so I think its a combination of those elements. And we saw our Fire & Security in total actually very attractive across the board with the work that were doing not only in the product level, but also the solution set. And then more importantly, the way that were executing on the installed base with service.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Thats helpful. And then just on pricing, we covered a lot of ground in terms of catching up on inflation, but Im sort of wondering what it looks like on the other end. So the field business, more like bidded jobs rather than list pricing, I guess. Is there a point at which it becomes harder to hold up price with some of the inputs maybe being distant inflationary or deflationary like some of the raw math. Like how do you guys go about maintaining the price on some of those bidded jobs down the line?
George Oliver: Yes. So the core to what were doing is creating increased value. And so when you look at the solutions that were providing, were leveraging OpenBlue, were really differentiating the type of solutions that we serve to the most attractive verticals. And as a result of that, weve been getting high demand and putting high-quality backlog into  high-quality projects into our backlog. And so when you look historically, our backlog is pretty sticky because theyre all typically funded and ultimately, started in  and no matter if we get into a recessionary period, that price holds up relative to how we execute on the projects. And so I think its this focus on our strategy and the value proposition, on the returns that were getting with the additional content that were putting into the solution set and then ultimately, building an installed base that enables us to go back and not only have that installed base connected, but then build a suite of solutions, our services  digital services that we apply to that installed base on a go-forward basis, which makes it really sticky. So those are the fundamentals of how were booking. And I would tell you, weve been extremely disciplined. When this all accelerated, it was over a year ago last summer when the view that inflation wasnt going to be transitory, and there was really going to be a significant ramp up. I can assure you that on a go-forward basis, we were booking that into the baseline. Now obviously, what you saw in third quarter was the inflection point of the older projects prior to that coming through in the third quarter. But as you go forward, youll have a higher mix of these newer projects that ultimately are fully costed and then theyre tied to a higher value proposition that ultimately is a key element of the overall pricing.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Thats helpful. Thats all Ive had.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Joe Ritchie: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, guys. Appreciate all the details.
George Oliver: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Yes. So maybe I do want to start on the  just to make sure I understand the supply chain and whats embedded in the guidance for 4Q. I mean is there still an impact from supply chain embedded in your guidance? And then also just on the EMEALA margins, I may have missed this, very helpful commentary on North America. But whats the expected EMEALA margin in 4Q?
George Oliver: Ill take the first on the supply chain, and then Ill ask Olivier to comment on the EMEALA margins. What I said was, weve seen a noticeable improvement in our supply chain. And we knew from second quarter to third quarter, there was going to be a big sequential ramp because of our normal seasonality, and we werent going to be able to recover significantly in that quarter. But on a go-forward basis, were building resiliency in working with our suppliers for the supplier materials to be able to sustain that level of production on a go-forward basis. And Id say, overall, we made good progress. And then what I would say is that were getting much better visibility on a go-forward basis. So when we look at run rates any one of our domains or any one of our  whether its HVAC domains or Fire & Security, we have a pretty good line of sight now to the critical materials on a run rate basis that sustains our volumes. If you look at our volumes, at least in Global Products, both the internal and external volume that we have, were at an elevated level. So were going to continue at the level were at or maybe a little bit better sequentially into Q4. And our goal is to continue to sustain the supply chain as we set up for the first half of next year. So thats the plan. And some of that now Olivier can talk about the margin structure and how that ultimately comes through, especially I think the question was around EMEALA.
Olivier Leonetti: Yes. So two comments. One, on the supply chain, just to give you a number, Joe, we still have planning for some disruption. About half of what we had in Q3, if you want to give a  to use a number, the disruption is expected to be a headwind of about $35 million in Q4 due to supply chain. In terms of EMEALA, largely what played out in EMEALA in Q3 is what we have discussed for North America. If you were to look at Q4, we expect EMEALA margin to be flat year-on-year, a very similar trend to what were expecting for North America where the margin should be directionally flat year-on-year as well.
Joe Ritchie: Thats super helpful. Thank you, both.
George Oliver: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Davis with Melius Research. Your line is now open.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning, everybody. Can you hear me okay?
George Oliver: Hey Scott, yes.
Scott Davis: George, can you talk about the Healthy Buildings orders? Are these competitively bid out? Are they  just a little bit of color on kind of the profitability and what you expect out of these?
George Oliver: Yes. So what I would say, its called this is really playing out to our strengths, and its been really attractive. I think from the start, we sized it to be $10 billion or $15 billion with a double-digit CAGR. Thats playing out over the last two years at or maybe even above that. Its been buoyed by the U.S. relief and stimulus funding. Theres other global government programs that are focused on IAQ. And a lot of this is actually converging with the focus on sustainability. So when you look at our year-to-date orders, were up over $400 million in 2022, up 27%, and that was over a strong year last year, and thats continuing. We see the budgeting that our customers have relative to doing these upgrades. And so the pipeline right now is about $1.3 billion on a go forward basis. And I think what differentiates us, Scott, to your question is, the OpenBlue indoor air quality as a service, where it isnt just one domain, its our ability to be able to take the combination of what we do with our equipment, with the digital aspect of the building that ultimately delivers the outcome at the highest level relative to what we deliver. And therefore, you get obviously the returns for very attractive returns. And I think what weve been doing here is patenting the optimization solutions that were developing and enabling our customers, which takes into account not just the Healthy Buildings aspect, but also balancing that with the energy cost that are incurred to be able to elevate the indoor air quality and actually not just use additional energy, actually consume  conserve energy while youre delivering a higher outcome for the customer. And so were continuing to advance our portfolio. I think over the last two years, weve had 25 products  new products, new solutions launched supporting this effort. I think we feel very good about the continued growth rate and the margin profile that were getting on these solutions that were serving our customers with.
Scott Davis: Yes. Thats really helpful, George. And then separately, if I look at Slide 4, you talked about total chiller connections, 8,400, and then growth in chiller connection is 86%. And then revenue from connected devices up 8%. How are those connected? Meaning, would we expect a rising revenue growth rate going forward as those short connections start to generate revenues for you? Or Im just trying to kind of reconcile how those numbers match up.
George Oliver: Yes. So were  what I would say, were  Im very pleased with the progress were making with services in general, and its really the services flywheel, where we went back and have assessed our entire installed base. We looked at what we were doing today with more of our mechanical services. And then what we did over the last  its really been the last year, going back to mine that installed base and getting  going back and getting that older equipment connected, ultimately providing offerings for  once you get the connection, the use of the data and ultimately developing additional data services that optimizes the use of the chiller. And so its been not only with the existing contracts, getting them all connected as part of our existing contract and then being able to take the new services and add on to that. So you get more revenue per customer, but its also been mining the installed base to be able to pick up some of that installed base that whatever reason we hadnt been serving. And so were up  the enabler of that, Scott is OpenBlue. So we launched a very efficient gateway with OpenBlue that allows us to have very  is very efficient in how we can go back and connect it and get the immediate use of the data. And that, as a result, has accelerated our ability to connect. Were up to over 8,400, up 86% year-on-year, and thats only going to accelerate on a go-forward basis. And so its helping our attach rate. And so when you go in and whether its a new piece of equipment or an existing PSA, you go in  with that attachment, our renewals are much higher as well as when you put out a new piece of equipment, it enables us to be able to manage that equipment through warranty much more efficiently. And it makes it more sticky to that go forward, getting the service on a go-forward basis. Those two combined and then with some added services weve launched, OpenBlue Chiller, Vibrational Analysis, Energy Advisory, theres a lot of other added capabilities that once you get that connection, theres a lot more value that can be created in how you serve that installed base. So those are the elements that come together, but were very encouraged with the progress weve made to date.
Scott Davis: Okay. Thats really helpful to hear that. Thank you, George. Good luck to you guys.
George Oliver: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. A couple of ground here. Just
George Oliver: Good morning.
Nigel Coe: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to go back to these 4Q margins, and Olivier, I think you pointed to 11% margins in EMEALA and 15% plus in North America. When we look at that sequential improvement, you talked about the 4 points better book backlog versus whats being built today, and youve also talked about supply chain improvements. So Im just wondering, when we go from 3Q to 4Q in those two segments, how much of it is getting that better price backlog out versus supply chain improvements. And then maybe just on this 4 points of improved margin, what is the cost assumption youre making there? Are we using current costs? Are we assuming some inflation metric on future costs?
Olivier Leonetti: So many questions here, Nigel. In the improvement in the margin in Q4, its mainly due to now us realizing our billing orders which were booked about 9, 12 months ago at our lower level of inflation, and the improvement you see now in the P&L is largely due to the realization of those orders at high margin, less to the improvement in the turn rate of the backlog. The turn-in of the backlog is starting, but its going to be mainly pronounced next year. Thats the assumption. In terms of cost, we are assuming today in our cost future inflation, so future inflation in high-single digits. And the orders we have been realizing and you saw that the order flow for our business was very strong. The order flow is actually based upon business won with this high-single digit inflation, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Now since I asked about five questions there, you actually answered it very efficiently. So thanks for that. And then maybe talk about the international residential business. Its obviously a bit of a black box for many of us. Maybe just address kind of how you  maybe, George, how youre viewing some of the major territories as we go into 2023, China, Japan? And then maybe just address the European heat pump opportunity and how well-positioned Hitachi is for that?
George Oliver: Yes. So if you look at our JCH business, obviously, we have a strong presence in Japan and Taiwan. Taiwan has been performing very well. Japan has been a little bit softer as it relates to the residential offering. But the rest of the world, where weve been expanding our footprint and working to gain share, weve actually been doing very well. India has come back from where they were pretty much  pretty soft during the whole COVID cycle, thats coming back. Were seeing nice growth in Europe because of the offering and the strong heat pump portfolio that we have within the JCH portfolio. Were seeing nice pickup in Europe, and we continue to work to expand our presence here in North America. But overall, I mean, even though we have high growth, its to a small base. So overall, weve been  from a reinvestment standpoint, weve had high reinvestment. Weve got a lot of new products, new heat pumps that are coming into the market, and we feel very good about it on a go-forward basis.
Olivier Leonetti: Let me  and what was the second part, Nigel?
Nigel Coe: It is about the European heat pump opportunity. I think you addressed that. So within that...
George Oliver: Well, what I would say on that because I think it is important there. When you look at whats happening in Europe, the decarbonizing trend is underpinned by the solid strategy with the green deal, which is to get to net zero by 2050. And then its underpinned by EU-level legislation, which is climate law, energy efficiency directive as well as energy performance of Buildings. And so then you see what happened with this repower EU directive, which is to create independence from Russian fossil fuels by  I think its by 2027, this is going to require new public buildings must be zero emission by 2027. The worst-performing buildings 15% of the stock have to be upgraded, and then theres going to be an obligation to get an energy performance certificate. So when you play that out, Nigel, given our offering across our entire HVAC portfolio, it does play to our strengths with what weve been doing to get to low GWP, at the same time, reducing the energy consumed for the applications that we bring into that market. And so we feel very good about that.
Olivier Leonetti: And an additional statistic, Nigel, in terms of heat pump revenue through the portfolio, not only in resi in Q3, it was close to $1 billion for the quarter only.
Nigel Coe: And thats across the whole portfolio?
Olivier Leonetti: It is indeed.
Nigel Coe: Great. Thanks, Olivier.
George Oliver: Thanks, Nigel. Well take one more question.
Operator: Our final question comes from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
George Oliver: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray: Just start off with a clarification on sizing the impact of the supply chain disruptions. You said $45 million this quarter, improving to a $35 million impact in the fourth quarter. Just want to make sure I understand what youre including in that. When you initially said, it sounded like it was from lower absorption in the factory, but are you including all the other related inefficiencies, freight expediting, component shortages, where you got project insulation gets delayed, change orders, all that field service disruption. Is that included in this $45 million improving to $35 million?
Olivier Leonetti: So let me clarify. $65 million is the level of disruption in Q3. We expect it to be half of that in Q4. So give or take, $35 million. And youre right, this is an all inclusive number. Absorption and other disruptions to our business indeed. So its an all-in number.
Deane Dray: All right. Thats really helpful. And then just last one, and maybe this is from prior  and every time I hear about ERP rollout, that makes me really nervous. So Olivier, just what modules are you on? Typically, the P&L receivable modules are the ones that had the biggest installation risk, but where does that rollout stand?
Olivier Leonetti: So we are two years in two or five years project. So we can speak with confidence about where we are now. Usually, when you have an issue, this is at the start. And so far, we have been really meeting our milestones. Were going to launch for our field business, one only ERP on Oracle Cloud. And for our global business, mainly having manufacturing part of it, we will use SAP. And we are very pleased with the way our teams have executed and with the benefit that we will have across the organization from a productivity but also top line impact. No question about this, Deane.
Deane Dray: Thats good to hear. Thank you.
George Oliver: Thanks, Deane. And why dont I take a minute here to wrap up. I want to thank everyone for joining our call today. While 2022 was a headwind and the fundamentals of our business have never been better as weve been working through this, we continue to see strong order momentum, continued service performance and a record backlog with much higher book margins. Weve made significant progress with our operational initiatives and the cost reduction measures and are in an optimal position going forward to now capitalize on the strong demand that we continue to see while leveraging our disruptive digital platform. I can say, Im very confident in our outlook, and as we close out the fiscal year and look to drive significant value for our shareholders, customers and communities heading into 2023, and I do look forward to speaking with many of you soon over the next few days. So operator, that concludes our call today.
Operator: That concludes todays conference. Thank you all for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-05-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Johnson Controls' Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call.  This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Ryan Edelman, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Ryan Edelman: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls' second quarter fiscal 2022 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. Joining me on the call today are Johnson Controls' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver; and our Chief Financial Officer, Olivier Leonetti. As a reminder before we begin, during the course of today's call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you review today's press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that we've included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions, and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted earnings per share, EBITDA, and EBIT exclude restructuring as well as other special items. These metrics, together with organic sales and free cash flow, are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to the presentation posted on our website. Additionally, all comparisons to the prior year are on a continuing ops basis. Now let me turn the call over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Ryan. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I'm going to get started with a brief overview on Slide 3. Our results in the second quarter reflect solid top line execution as we delivered strong sales orders and backlog growth in line with our expectations and at the high end of the guidance we provided demand for digitally enabled equipment and services that solve for sustainability and energy efficiency, remains robust and our sales teams are doing an outstanding job capitalizing on that demand. The reinvestments we have made to develop industry leading products and solutions are delivering results. Digitization is at the center of our strategic vision for the company, and we continue to advance those strategies every day. OpenBlue is accelerating the digital enablement of our solutions, allowing us to deliver increasingly differentiated offerings and capitalize on emerging secular trends. We're also seeing the benefit of the discipline we've instilled in our pricing capabilities over the last two plus years, price realization continues to accelerate, contributing nearly six points to overall organic revenue in the quarter. You see that most clearly in our shorter cycle global products business, but it's also accelerating in our longer cycle of field businesses. We also continue to gain traction on our key vectors of growth. Global efforts to decarbonize economy and ensure the health of indoor environments are accelerating; both supported by the adoption of new policies by governments and industry associations. At the same time, we continue to accelerate actions to optimize the efficiency of our cost structure. And we remain on track to deliver $230 million in productivity savings this year. We have deployed over $1.5 billion in capital year-to-date, including over $1 billion in share repurchase and more than $400 million in cash dividends. Our M&A pipeline continues to build with a number of active opportunities that would allow us to support our vectors of growth. I'm incredibly proud of the progress we have made towards achieving our strategic objectives year-to-date. As we have said in the past, we truly believe we are among the best-in-class when it comes to the ability to deliver fully integrated solutions designed to address the challenges associated with the global secular trends, developing across our industry. We are operating in a very dynamic environment with heightened supply chain disruptions. Second quarter profit under reformed, relative to our expectations. And while the anticipated supply chain improvement is happening, it is happening at a slower pace. Let's turn to Slide 4 for more detail on what we're seeing in the North America segment. Demand remains strong with orders up 13%. Our backlog grew 14% to a record $6.9 billion. Just as in other parts of the organization, we are advancing our strategic priorities to accelerate growth by addressing the sustainability and healthy building needs of our customers. Going into the quarter, we anticipated continued challenges related to supply chain disruptions and material availability. More specifically, inadequate supply of semiconductor chips and components, but controls products. The margin under performance relative to our expectations can largely be explained by the pace and mix of backlog conversion resulting in lower absorption on our cost base. As we described to you on our last call in any given quarter we are typically executing on about 40,000 projects across install and service. Each of these projects requires a significant amount of coordination. In the current environment, managing through our own material shortages, in addition to our suppliers and customer supply chain and labor constraints magnifies any slippage. Additionally, given the pace of orders, we have seen and the backlog we have been building, we have maintained our investment in sales headcount, and service technicians. With revenue conversion and mix below our plan, we were not able to fully cover the higher cost of reinvestment in the quarter. The last point I would make on this is on timing. Our initial forecast in late January assumed a modest recovery in supply chain conditions as we progress through Q2. Although there were some improvements in the quarter, the recovery was slower to materialize, which coincided with the seasonal ramp into our peak season during the month of March. Net-net, these two issues accounted for a $40 million profit impact in North America. We expect a slower pace of improvement to continue throughout the second half, which is the primary contributor to our lower outlook for the year. Despite these challenges, we are confident the backlog is turning, driving higher revenue growth with more accretive margins as we think ahead to 2023. Please turn to Slide 5. OpenBlue remains the core of our strategy to digitize our portfolio to enable differentiated outcome-based solutions. During the quarter, we commercialized several exciting new offerings, including the OpenBlue Gateway, a cost-effective, easy-to-install device that will serve as a key enabler to accelerate the connection of our installed base. OpenBlue Net Zero Advisor will be launching within the next several weeks and will help customers manage Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions in their journey to achieve net zero. Lastly, OpenBlue Connected Controls will be the first full integration of OpenBlue into our legacy Metasys systems, which we believe will be a disruptive offering that will fundamentally change how building automation systems operate, increasing the intelligence of building controls by infusing AI. Importantly, this offering will allow us to extend our reach further into the mid-market with a compelling plug-and-play solution. Let's turn to Slide 6. We continue to make progress in the digital transformation of our service business, leveraging OpenBlue to further differentiate our capabilities. We're on a path to drive higher attach rates on our installed base, increase the level of connectivity of those assets, and then, as a result of differentiated service offerings, drive higher revenue per customer and lower our attrition rates. This service growth flywheel is a clear algorithm that helps us achieve above-market levels of growth expected to generate over $2 billion in sales through 2024. Although we are still in the early stages of this process, our core service business, augmented by early results from digital services, performed well in the quarter. Sales were up 8% overall, with orders up 10%. Our attach rate improved another 130 basis points in the quarter, bringing us to over 200 basis points year-to-date, well on track to achieve our 400 basis points to 500 basis point target for the full year. Digital Services increased 7% in the quarter. Turning now to Slide 7. The global commitment to decarbonize economies continues to gain momentum, both in the public and private sectors. There was also increased recognition that economies cannot truly decarbonize without decarbonizing buildings, which contribute 40% of the planet's greenhouse gas emissions. Rising energy prices and the potential risk of supply shocks are forcing many governments to reconsider sources and uses of fuel. The combination of higher energy prices and security risks are making paybacks much more attractive. We continue to see policy moves and commitments from corporations that support the carbon reduction of buildings. Our deep understanding of the building ecosystem uniquely positions us to capitalize on these trends. During the quarter, we completed the full commercialization of our net zero capabilities. Our Performance Infrastructure business has evolved into a global organization we now refer to as Sustainability Infrastructure, backed by decades of experience delivering guaranteed savings and an extensive network of subject matter experts. The breadth of our installed base, the depths of our field presence, supported by an industry-leading portfolio of digital products and solutions, delivers a holistic solution for customers to achieve net zero. We continue to make progress. Year-to-date, our Sustainability Infrastructure business has booked over $450 million in orders, and our unfactored pipeline now exceeds $7 billion. Continuing with our vectors of growth on Slide 8, healthy buildings. We were encouraged by the recent initiative launched by the White House and the EPA. Both customers and government agencies increasingly see the long-term value of investing in improvements in building health and resiliency. And it is not just focused on K-12, nor is it only related to COVID response. We are strategically well positioned to capitalize on the adoption of healthy building trends. We continue to develop and deploy new offerings with a focus on shifting the value proposition to longer term, more strategic asset management. During the quarter, our healthy buildings orders were up more than 30% to $150 million, and our pipelines continue to build. Finally, on Slide 9. We continue to demonstrate our leadership in sustainability and ESG. We are perhaps most proud of our own Chief Sustainability Officer, Katie McGinty, recently being named as the Top Woman in Sustainability in the corporate world. To close out my prepared remarks I remain extremely excited about the continued advancements we have made relative to our key growth vectors. And I couldn't be more pleased with the way our teams are executing in such a difficult environment. We remain laser focused on our strategic commitments into delivering the outcomes our customers need on the path to a healthy and more sustainable future. Although we are navigating through a more challenging environment with increased uncertainty regarding the macro backdrop, I am confident in our path forward. Momentum within our short cycle products business is solid. Our backlog is strong and the margin profile is inflecting as we  year order intake. All of which sets us up well for 2023 and beyond. With that I am going to turn the call over to Olivier to walk you through the financial details in the quarter and update you on our outlook. Olivier?
Olivier Leonetti: Thanks George, and good morning, everyone. Let me start with the summary on Slide 10. Sales in the quarter were up 9% organically at the end of our original guidance for high-single digit growth with price contributing nearly 6 points above what we originally anticipated. We saw strong performance across our shorter cycle global products portfolio up 14%. Our longer-cycle field business also performed well, up 7% with solid growth in both service and install. Segment EBITA increased 8% with margin down 10 basis points to 12.6%. So within the line volume leverage and the benefit of our ongoing SG&A and COGS programs were offset by higher inflation and supply chain related challenges as George discussed earlier. Despite achieving over $300 million in price on the top line, price cost was slightly negative in the quarter and together with supply chain descriptions resulted in a 160 basis points margin headwind. EPS of $0.63 increased 21% year-over-year benefiting from higher profitability as well as lower share count. Free cash flow was down as the prior benefited from lower working needs and COVID related benefits. Turning to our EPS Bridge on Slide 11. Overall operations contributed $0.10 versus the prior year, including a $0.08 benefit from our COGS and SG&A productivity programs, and the line segment earnings where a net $0.02 tailwind year-over-year. Excluding the extra headwinds from price cost and supply chain descriptions, underlying incremental in Q2 where approximately 36%. Please turn to Slide 12. Orders for our field businesses increased 11% in aggregate with continued momentum on a two-year stack basis. Service orders were led by high-teens growth in our short-term transactional business. Install orders continue to rebound primarily driven by demand for applied HVAC and controls systems. Backlog grew 12% to $10.9 billion, a $1.2 billion increase versus the prior year and up $500 million sequentially. Secured margin backlog is up 80 basis points in a quarter reflecting our pricing discipline and the improving margin trend we expect as these backlog converts later this year and into 2023. Let's discuss our segment results in more detail on Slide 13 and 14. Sales in North America were up 6% organically with broad-based growth across the portfolio led primarily by strength in our apply business, up low-double digits. Client security grew low-single digits, although were up 13% with low-teens growth in applied, driven by continued equipment demand in the data center, K-12 and healthcare verticals. Sustainability Infrastructure orders were up mid-teens despite a strong double-digit compare as we booked another large energy services project with the U.S. Public School System. Fire & security orders were up low-double digit and backlog ended the quarter at $6.9 billion, up 14% year-over-year. Segment margin decreased 210 basis points to 10.6% as volume leverage and cost savings were more than offset by 250 basis points headwind from the pace and mix of backlog conversion and lower absorption as George described earlier. EMEALA we saw continued strength in the core fire & security business, which grew at a high-single digit rate in Q2. Industrial Refrigeration grew high-single digits driven by the conversion of several large industrial heat pump projects. Orders were up 8% led by low-double-digit growth in our core Fire & Security platform. Backlog was up 9% to $2.2 billion. Underlying margin performance was driven by volume leverage, positive price/cost and the benefit of cost savings, offset by supply chain disruptions and lower equity income. Sales in Asia Pacific were led by low double-digit growth in applied HVAC. China continued to outperform with revenue up nearly 20%, led by strong double-digit growth in Industrial Refrigeration and mid-teens growth in Applied. Orders increased 8% with continued strength in Applied, driven primarily by continued momentum with the industrial vertical in China with a continued pipeline of infrastructure investment across key verticals like Petrochem, semiconductor and data center as well as healthcare. Backlog of $1.8 billion was up 5% year-over-year. The decline in margin was primarily the result of headwinds from price/cost and unfavorable project and geographic mix. Global Products continued to perform well, up 14% in Q2, with broad-based strength across the portfolio, led by mid-teens growth across our HVAC equipment platforms. Global residential HVAC sales were up 15% in aggregate. North America resi HVAC was up 27%, benefiting from both higher growth in our equipment and parts business and strong price realization. Production in our new facility in Mexico continues to ramp and contributed meaningfully to volume growth in the quarter. Outside of North America, our resi HVAC business grew low double digits, led by strong double-digit growth in Europe, driven by strong demand for our Hitachi residential heat pumps. APAC, resi HVAC sales grew high single digits, led by strong growth in India and Taiwan. Commercial HVAC product sales were up high teens in aggregate, with strength in light commercial, driven by strong performance at Hitachi as well as 20% growth in North America and more than 20% growth in VRF. Fire & Security products grew low double digits in aggregate with strong demand across the entire portfolio. Although not recorded in our official field order backlog, Global Products orders were up mid-teens organically, and our third-party backlog exceeded $2 billion. EBITA margins expanded 170 basis points to 16.1% as volume leverage, higher equity income and the benefit of productivity actions more than offset headwinds from price/cost. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 15. Our balance sheet remains in great shape. We ended Q2 with $1.8 billion in available cash and net debt at 2.1 times, still at the lower end of our target range of 2 times to 2.5 times. Free cash flow was an outflow of $200 million in the quarter, driven primarily by higher year-over-year working capital requirements, higher CapEx and the absence of prior period tax credits and other COVID-related benefits. Trade working capital as a percentage of sales declined 50 basis points to 8.6%. For the first half, we are fairly neutral on free cash flow, which brings us back in line with our normal first half, second half seasonality. We repurchased another 7 million shares for just over $500 million in the second quarter, bringing us to just over $1 billion for the year. Now let's discuss our revised guidance on Slide 16. Underlying demand trends across most of our businesses continue to improve, and I'm encouraged by the pace of order growth we have seen year-to-date. As George highlighted in his remarks, the ongoing supply chain challenges impacting the pace and mix of our backlog conversion in North America is driving a reduction in our outlook for the rest of the year. As a result, we are revising our full year adjusted EPS range to $2.95 to $3.05, which represents 11% to 15% growth year-over-year. On the top line, we still expect to grow 8% to 10% organically. Price is now expected to contribute six to seven points, up an additional one to two points relative to our prior expectation, fully offsetting additional inflation. For the full year, we still expect to be slightly positive on price/cost. Segment margin is now expected to come in flat to down 30 basis points, reflecting pressure related to additional price on the top line with minimal margin contribution and the mix impact associated with the supply chain disruptions in North America. Combined, these two factors results in an 80 basis points margin headwind relative to our prior guide and now account for nearly a 150 basis points headwind versus the prior year. As it relates to the ongoing lockdowns in China and the conflict in Ukraine, we are monitoring the developments daily. From a planning standpoint, although it is difficult to moderate precisely, we have embedded some incremental contingency to account for the additional uncertainty surrounding the supply chain for the balance of the year. This is reflected in our updated segment margin guidance for the year. Full year free cash flow conversion is now expected to be about 90% as the inventory buildup in the first half, combined with slower backlog conversion, creates nearly a $200 million headwind to our prior guidance. Turning to Q3. We expect the headwinds related to supply chain to skew slightly more towards the third quarter, with EPS expected to be in the range of $0.82 to $0.87, which assumes organic revenue growth of high single digits and a segment margin decline of 80 to 100 basis points. Although our expected backlog conversion rates are challenged near term due to supply chain issues, I'm confident in our long-term outlook. We have strategically positioned the company to accelerate growth, aligned with competing secular trends impacting buildings for the next decade. We continue to make good progress on our cost productivity program. And as backlog conversion normalize in 2023, margins are expected to recover, keeping us on track for the fiscal 2024 targets we provided at our Investor Day last September. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research. Your line is open sir.
Nigel Coe: Thanks good morning. Thanks for the question. Maybe just talk about  did you get the commitments from suppliers that caused some of this pressure in North America? And when did this start to really manifest? Was this more of a March issue? Or was it something that developed through the quarter?
George Oliver: Yes. What I would say, Nigel, is as we indicated on our prepared remarks, I'd start with the value proposition of our field-based businesses, particularly in North America, is resonating very well with our customers. You saw our orders up 13% year-on-year. We're up 18% with a two year stack, strong demand for the vectors of growth from services and sustainability, indoor, environmental quality, and that's in North America. But across the board, we're seeing a significant pickup in our digital capabilities. And so I think as you look at the quarter, a combination of things that created the shortfall. We had recovery plans. We've been working with our chip manufacturers and semiconductor material suppliers for the last year. And we've been working at the most senior levels, myself personally involved with CEOs, in understanding what their long-term plans are and how does that align to supporting our growth. And we've made a lot of progress, and that includes also having to redesign chips and ultimately making sure that we're going to be positioned where the supply will occur and have much more resiliency in our plan going forward. And so when we look at short term, it certainly was the plans that we had, had have moved to the right. They continue to improve but, Nigel, at the same time that we're ramping up with our seasonal build. And so typically, we're up usually 10% to 15% into March, as we plan for our third quarter and ultimately fourth quarter. And so that is ultimately what happened. And so we weren't able to convert the backlog, and a lot of this is our high margin mix as it relates to controls. And the good news is when we look at our digital or orders, the orders in our controls-based businesses were up over 30%. And so our backlogs are significantly up in spite of the supply chain improving. And so it did have a disproportionate impact on our revenue conversion in the field because of this high margin. And when you think about products, products multiply in the field. So not only once we deliver the product, we get multiples of revenue for how we not only support a project, but more important how we complete the service. And so it's about 40% of our revenue does convert as we ramp, especially going into our peak season in the last month, and that resulted in about an impact of $40 million in the quarter. Now as we have  certainly, we've been working this for the last year. We've gone back and making sure, that as we understand now what is the commitment, not only in additional capacity, but how we are positioned relative to that capacity, I feel really good because our suppliers are totally committed and aligned with our growth strategy. And so this will play out with a recovery in the second half. And I think as I think about not only completing 2022, but the setup we have for 2023, with the margin that we put into backlog, and we're seeing that in our Global Products with the book and bill business, we've seen tremendous agility relative to pricing, and we've done the same in our field-based businesses, although there's a little bit of a lag, that we're going to be set up for not only strong high-digit  a high single-digit pricing. But now with the revenue conversion, as we get into recovery in the fourth, fourth quarter setting up for the first quarter, you can assess that we have $1 billion - $1 billion to $2 billion of additional capacity to take on the recovery. When you look at our backlogs, we think we'd start to accelerate recovery as we get through fourth quarter and then ultimately set up the first half in 2023. So that's what we've been experiencing. It's been a full contacts Board, everyone totally aligned working with our suppliers and making sure every step of the way, we're positioned to deliver the growth and ultimately get to the volume growth and the returns that we've committed, which I believe we're going to be in good shape to do over our long-term plan.
Nigel Coe: Okay, thanks George. And just maybe just clarify, did you say high single-digit pricing in the backlog? I just want to clarify that point. But maybe turn to Olivier. So basically, the $0.27 revision to the midpoints guide, $0.16 is kind of like coming out versus consensus 3Q and $0.11 in 4Q. I'm curious, how much do you have baked into 3Q or maybe 4Q for the China lockdowns and the weak growth in China real estate? Obviously, FX is a little bit of an impact. But I'm more curious on the North American impact, how that's impacting 3Q and 4Q. And do we have any spill forwards into 2023?
Olivier Leonetti: So if you look at today, the guide we are proposing for the second half of the year, we are planning a minimum amount of improvement. We are ramping in the second half relative to the first half in volume. If you disaggregate what is going on in the second half in our guide, we expect to be price/cost positive by about $50 million, but we expect disruptions to still impact our business. We have factored about $100 million due to disruption. Again, it's  we are doing that in the abundance of caution. Obviously, we're not  we're watching what's happening in Europe. We're also watching what is happening in China. But as we said earlier, we have build year-on-year in Q2, $1.2 billion worth of backlog. And we believe that we will have the manufacturing capacity and also supplies capacity in  at the start of next year to flow the backlog at a very enhanced margin. And as George indicated as well, Nigel, we couldn't be more pleased with how our value proposition is resonating with our customers. If you look at orders, if you look at services, sustainability, empty building, all the indicators are very positive. So today, it's a temporary conversion question that we have to face.
Nigel Coe: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning guys.
George Oliver: Yes, morning Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: I want to follow up on that last point that, I think, Olivier, you made on the margins when the stuff exits the backlog and ultimately supply chains improve, that those should be healthy. I guess if some of the issue is that the field force is sort of underutilized when you can't get this product. I mean isnt there sort of kind of bandwidth on how much they are able to do on the other side. Im just trying to think through like should we expect above normal incremental margins on the way out, or is just sort as simple as you can only install stuff so fast and the field force can only be kind of self-productive with a number of hours in the day?
Olivier Leonetti : Yes. So if you look at  you are absolutely, right. So, we expect largely that the backlog issues will normalize in the first half of the year. If you look at today, the margin at which we price orders today, we're pricing in anticipating of inflation and we're pricing today, high single digits. So we believe we are going to have a very healthy set of revenue based upon the orders we book now. And those will flow at the start of the year. We have the capacity and we believe we're going to be well positioned from a margin standpoint.  In addition, and I know we spend a lot of time on our business for good reasons. Our global product division is really outperforming, strong revenue growth and strong profit rate improvement. So again, very pleased with the value proposition of our company, Josh, and we believe second half  first half of next year, we will see a significant margin improvement going on.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That's helpful.
George Oliver: Josh just to add there because, I think, it's important to understand the pricing dynamic, as Olivier has said. With the book-and-bill business, we've been very agile, as I said, with the pricing and we're getting on the 14% growth, about 10% pricing, that's embedded in that. As the inflation began to accelerate last year, we began to then as on a forward-looking basis within our field-based business, to be able to forward look much higher levels of inflation. So we've been putting into backlog over the last number of quarters, much higher anticipated inflation. So what you're seeing in converting now were projects that prior to last year or early last year, that are still converting. But with what we've been putting into the backlog is priced much differently and that becomes to be a higher mix as we get through the second half. And then more important, as we look at our turn in the backlog going into 2023, that's where I said that we have  we're positioned for high single digit conversion relative to the price that's in backlog. So that is the work that we've been doing over the last  it's really been the last two years with the work that we've done around pricing. But we're very confident that with the fundamentals we have in place, and it's demonstrated in our product businesses, that we're getting great traction with the initiatives have in place.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That's helpful. And then just on digital services, I saw the 7% growth. Is there something I'm missing in kind of the base that that's off of? I would've thought things like OpenBlue and some of the newer kind of digital offerings would have been growing a bit faster. Is there some legacy stuff that is maybe a bit slower or being kind of made obsolete by OpenBlue that kind of altering that base?
George Oliver: No, I mean when you  Josh when you think about our OpenBlue, it's really digitalizing all that we do, it's strengthening our products and it's fundamentally becoming embedded in all of our services. So when you look at OpenBlue, it's the connectivity. So it's the ability to be able to connect. And then with that connectivity we're increasing our attach rate of contracts, long-term contracts. It allows us then to, with these new service offerings, leveraging the data and the AI that we're applying to the data that fundamentally differentiates the service offering. So that's incremental revenue per customer. And then with the connectivity, it allows us to be able to significantly reduce attrition. And that's when you factor in all that the digital does it contributes to that high single digit service growth that we're committed to achieve. And we're making great progress. Like when you look at the new services that we've launched here in just the last quarter, whether it be the connected, our new gateway that is going to be fundamental to all of the assets that we have in the install base and how we get them connected. And then now we're launching our advisory services, energy advisory services and associated services. So there's a lot of  it's now IAQ as part of our healthy buildings service, it's the enabler now of those additional services with that connectivity that ultimately drives the revenue per customer. And the revenue per customer price as well as additional service is significantly growing.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Appreciate the color there. Thanks, George.
Olivier Leonetti: Yes, maybe an additional comment Josh, this is important. Most of those capabilities and those we believe are unique in the market when you speak about OpenBlue getaway which is easy way to connect all devices in the building. If you speak about also OpenBlue connected with a BMS, which allows you to control a building remotely, that's unique in the market. And our edge capability now implementation to our ecosystem FogHorn. Those are unique capabilities. We believe game-changing for the building business those are also new. So, we will start to see more of an inflection point forward as well Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: I appreciate that. That's helpful color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Steve Tusa of J.P. Morgan. Your line is open, sir.
Steve Tusa: Hi guys. Good morning.
George Oliver: Hey, good morning, Steve.
Olivier Leonetti: Good morning.
Steve Tusa: Olivia maybe just a couple things on the numbers. First of all, on the quarter, can you just maybe give a little more context around maybe a couple of examples that had amongst the larger impacts on the margin in the quarter, just from a fundamental on the ground perspective, just to give us a better picture of, what's actually going on and what the headwinds are? And I assume you are viewing these as kind of like discreet headwinds, you're not covering your fixed costs. So they should kind of reverse next year. And then number two, you mentioned that you do have some contingency built in to the second half of the year. Maybe could you give us some more precise financials around what normally would have happened and then what you're assuming? Most companies are assuming some improvement in supply, in the second half. You are kind of saying that you're not assuming much at all. Maybe just clarify with some financial detail to help us understand how the comps work into next year.
Olivier Leonetti: Absolutely, Steve, nice to talk to you. Let me give you an example of North America. If you look at our North America, which is our most sophisticated business, the value proposition of what we do is resonating in the market and that's important. I will answer to your question precisely. But if you look at the underlying trends, order growth, 13%, 18% on a two-year stack, backdrop growth, 40% services growth 7%, sustainability infrastructure two-year stack, 60%, SE Building orders growth 85%. We have tremendous demand for our North America business. The challenge today is a short term conversion. Let me give you an example. In North America, we need to orchestrate our own supply chain, the one of our partners and the one of our customers. And the issues we are all facing in industrial world are being amplified in this sophisticated business. So that's what is happening. And as George has indicated, it's mainly due to controls. And for a  of revenue with controls, you have a tremendous impact on the total revenue for North America. To your question, will that reverse next year? The answer is yes. We expect today if you look at in aggregate for the company, the sum of the headwinds are going to be about 160 basis points for our company for the full year. If you look at the underlying margin, they are increasing by more than 100 basis points, Steve. And we expect that to be flowing through next year. So that's the first part of your question. On the second part of your question, we are being prudent, we are September year-end company, so we have less time to see what's happening, for example, in Europe or in China, which is largely today in some parts of the operation in lockdown. We are planning, as I indicated, more descriptions in the second half as said about 100 million of description, that's prudent. We believe we have factored the risk in the appropriate manner, and we see some positive price cost. So prudent approach to supply chain and we expect first half of next year to be a very positive staff for us as we convert backlog at a very high margin.
Steve Tusa: Right. So, when you guys guide next year, you will assume that for lack of a better term, the comp is very easy, so that you'll be guiding to above average or above what you would have expected, incremental margins, and the earnings kind of flow through next year, as opposed to this year. So when you guide that would be the case, all out people, correct?
Olivier Leonetti: That's absolutely the case.
Steve Tusa: Okay.
Olivier Leonetti: If you look at all the indicators today Steve, regarding the health of our business, it's actually very strong. And the margin rate should increase significantly next year above averages. No question.
Steve Tusa: Great. Thanks a lot.
George Oliver: Steve, it's important to note that when you look at our backlogs, both in our book-to-bill we're up significantly year-on-year still, and that's continuing to build. And then our field-based businesses were up significantly. And so were working this such that with the recovery as we see going through the peak in the third quarter and then we begin to recover. we have one to two, we believe in the beginning in the fourth quarter, first half of next year, with the commitments were getting on supply right now that, thats the capacity that we have to really begin to accelerate the recovery with the backlog weve built. And the demand continues to be very strong, especially as it relates to our digital components, and thats a reflection of the work were doing with OpenBlue and across our digital platform. So, I think we have confidence at this stage that we going into the year, we should have real good tailwinds with the margin in backlog and then the ability to be able to convert with an improved supply chain.
Steve Tusa: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Gautam Khanna of Cowen. Your line is open sir.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. Thank you guys. Olivier, just to clarify your answer to Steves question just now. I want to ask, is the  if you were to take the sum of fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, before we walked into today, do you still think the sum of the two is going to be equal? I mean, in other words, these are  the full catch-up in 2023  2023 numbers should actually go up from where we were as theres a catch-up in the first half? I just want to be clear. Should we take down kind of the forward curve in entirety ?
Olivier Leonetti: Absolutely, the math is correct. If you take the sum of the two years, we would be able to recover the margin rate. And again, if you look at the top line today and the indicators we have in terms of orders and now that we convert, we feel very positive about top line and margin improvement when you take those two years together, correct.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And just given...
George Oliver: I think, Gautam, just a point on that is with the supply chain, because a lot of this is really impacting our digital mix and the recovery of  weve got commitments now on the recovery of the microchips and semiconductors. They are weighted to the first half of 2023, but some continue through. So its tied to both the supply with the ability to be able to get the leverage with the mix and the completion of the projects and services were completing. But that would be, as you model, as we begin to think about 2023, thats ultimately what our goal is.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. I appreciate that. And maybe related to that, do these delays have any dampening impact on incoming orders? Im curious like as theres customers are saying, "Hey, if you can get to me and with conviction in nine months, we place the order now. But if you cant, were going to hold off." Im just curious if youre seeing any dampening impact on orders given the spreadsheet  times.
George Oliver: Well, what I would say is its the opposite. Right now, our demand  and of course, were not overcommitting based on what were learning relative to our ability to convert. But I would tell you that with the strategies that weve been executing services, digital, this trend on decarbonization, healthy buildings, ultimately automated buildings. Were operating at a much higher level within our customers, because these are now problems that the C-suite or the CEO is focused on. And so even in the environment were in and with the economic environment that the demand is still coming in strong. And so we feel that the way that were committing and the way that were booking the business is ultimately in line with what we can achieve and what our customers are demanding. So at this stage, we have seen very little or none, relatively low cancellations. And when you look at our  so you look at our short-cycle business, as I said, our short-cycle business, our backlog is significantly up year-on-year. And thats after a quarter of delivering 14% growth. In the quarter, we had actually revenue  orders that exceeded that in the quarter. And then when you look at our field-based businesses, these are longer-cycled projects that are typically financed. And were working upfront with owners and developers, especially now with OpenBlue, where this becomes fundamental to their infrastructure, the digital infrastructure within the building. So as we sit here today and I think even if we were to get into a slowdown, given the importance of what we do and how were deploying our capabilities, its still going to be high demand.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you. Appreciated guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Scott Davis of Melius Research. Your line is open sir.
Scott Davis: Good morning. Thank you. Good morning everybody.
George Oliver: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis: The $500 million that was released by the White House, what  does that have to be spent? Are there any terms around that? Does it have to get spent in the next year? Does it have to get spent on filtration versus  just  versus can it be just basically upgrading chores? I mean how  any color on that would be helpful, George.
George Oliver: So the color on that, Scott, is that weve been actively involved in all of these bills that have been tied to our industry with Katie McGinty, myself. Weve been very actively involved; not only in the U.S. but across the globe, but with each of the governments and helping to define how they deploy these resources to get the biggest  to get the biggest impact. And so we have been very active, like, for instance, with heat pumps and the opportunity to get a 3:1 benefit by deploying heat pumps and replacing some of the boilers and an older equipment and upgrading with heat pumps, you get significant reduction of energy required ultimately with that capability and then you get a good payback just purely with the economics. And so theres a high mix of that that is tied to all that we do. Its not only HVAC, but its with the digital capabilities that enable us to be able to significantly enhance energy reduction, upgrade the indoor air quality, all of that together, Scott. So its not broken down into any one domain. Its more in line with what is the output that theyre trying to achieve. And the two outputs are getting to a higher standard of indoor air quality while, at the same time, were reducing energy, not only here in the U.S., but actually, as we work with the European governments, how do they quickly deploy heat pumps to ultimately put into district heating and cooling and other applications that can significantly reduce demand. But a lot of that is because weve been actively involved in defining how those resources should be applied.
Scott Davis: Okay. Thats really helpful. And then Net Zero Advisor, what does that actually do? Are you just  are you basically cataloging energy consumption and carbon? Or are you actually advising on how to improve it? Or  which I think was part of the original OpenBlue also perhaps, but maybe you can clarify a little bit, that would be helpful. Thanks.
George Oliver: Yes. The whole idea of OpenBlue Advisor is really making a building autonomous. And you can take all of the data in a building. And then with AI and other applications, you can then understand what is the best way to optimize the building. And so not only taking what the energy  what the current energy being consumed, but then how do you then advise based on what entitlement is to how you get to the most optimized energy usage within the building. And it takes into account all the factors of a building. So not only the HVAC equipment, but presence and a lot of the other factors that ultimately really help contribute to how you get to that best outcome. And so its really  think about it, Scott, is taking all of the intelligence of a building, being able to put it into one platform, apply AI and then being able to work with our customers to define what the best solution is to be able to achieve their net zero commitments that have been made. And this ties well with our net zero building offerings. When we go in, we can do a full offering where we upgrade equipment. We deploy digital. We can take an as-built building. And when you look out towards 2050 and with all these commitments to get to net zero, 70% of the building stock today will still be in operations. And so were seeing high demand to go in and ultimately upgrade, deploy digital, consume the data, apply AI and then ultimately advise what the best solution is to get to the energy commitments that theyve made. So thats, in essence, Scott, what were doing.
Scott Davis: Very cool. Best of luck, George. I thank you for this. Ill pass it on.
George Oliver: All right. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Julian Mitchell of Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Maybe just wanted to circle back on that point around contingency in that second half margin guide. Because it looks as if, I think, you need a sort of 40%-plus sequential operating leverage in the sort of second half operating profit versus first half. And thats not  on the face of it, it doesnt look that different from what JCI did historically post the power exit. So, I just wanted to check, is that math is roughly right? And is it right that youre assuming operating leverage not that different from previous years in the second half?
Olivier Leonetti: Thats correct, Julian. What we had anticipated originally was to be able to beat those seasonal trends. And we had expected that we would have the ability to flow some of the increased backlog we had. For the reasons we have been presenting today, this increased conversion of backlog will be delayed by two quarters.
Julian Mitchell: I see. But you think a normal seasonal trend is still possible or probable even with all of the supply chain constraints?
Olivier Leonetti: Absolutely. Correct. The increase in the normal flow is not happening, but we believe today that we will be able to meet these recourses in our trend.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you. And then maybe following up on North America field specifically, that's a business that of the four segments, it has the highest margin ramp dialed into the medium-term plan. So it's clearly crucial for it. Just in terms of that rate of change, but also the scale of the business today. I think the margins there have been down year-on-year kind of four quarters in a row now before it was temporary costs those were the issue, now it's inflation and supply chain. So I guess maybe give us an update on the confidence in the state of that business in aggregate on the margin plan? And then what should we expect there for that second half margin improvement in North America field specifically? So sort of a second half question on North America field, and then also just taking a step back, giving the margins are down four quarters straight. What's the conviction on that plan?
George Oliver: So if you look at today, the North America business this is the one which is the most sophisticated in the portfolio. And if you look at today at demand signals, and we have  we put together a slide on this in our slide deck all indicators are actually resonating well with our customers; service, sustainability, healthy building due to the complexity of the North America supply chain we are having more headwinds that we have elsewhere in the portfolio. Net of those, the underlying margin in North America is actually improving and we feel confident that this business will add a margin to the bottom line of our company. All of those issues today amplified and temporary Julian.
Julian Mitchell: And is the operating leverage in North America field in the back half is that sort of 40% as well half on half?
George Oliver: The bad debt amount.
Julian Mitchell: Perfect. Thank you.
Ryan Edelman: Brad we will take one more question.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Your final question will come from Nicole DeBlase of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes. Thanks. Good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: I appreciate you guys squeezing me in. So I guess maybe just starting with a little bit more explicit detail around what's going on in China. Could you guys just describe what you're seeing and maybe you can give us a sense of comfort in what's embedded from here like what you're looking for in the back half in the Asia Pacific business?
George Oliver: Yes. What we're seeing  well let's what I would say is order trends. When you look at all of Asia-Pac because that's how we report the order trends continue to stabilize and they've been pressured over the last year outside of China, but those economies are coming back as they exit COVID and are actually doing very well. You see order momentum in Northeast and Southeast Asia are very solid mostly in Japan and India. India's doing very well. We're up almost 30%. There's lots of infrastructure investment and when you look at  you asked specifically on China we're seeing good demand in China HVAC, it's led by strong industrial vertical work with our industrial refrigeration, supporting petrochem and downstream. And then when you look at orders in the quarter we're up 6%, but that was to a 39% prior year compare. And so when you look  when you look at the environment that's now from a commercial standpoint we're actually doing very well. Now, when you look at your question relative to the current environment, we have begun to see impacts in March both in China and Hong Kong. Our headquarters in Shanghai and two of our plants and I'll talk about those two, have been into some amount of shutdown, lockdown but we are back in operating today in both plants. So we have a Wuxi plant, which is chillers and that's our not only supporting China, but also other parts of the world. And we have Woohoo, which is our JCH Factory and interesting during the shutdown we had many of our employees actually stay in the plant, live in the plant and ultimately continue to create output, but that was to a much lower volume. Both now have been reopened and are operational, but not quite to where we need to be. So that's some of the pressure that Olivier talked about. Now, when you ask about out the China supply chain, since the pandemic we've been doing really good work. Our sourcing team and looking at all components that come out of that supply chain supporting the rest of the world, and so as we look at the lockdowns impacting other parts of our business it's minimal at this stage, although we're watching this closely, the Shanghai port is, I think operating like a 40% capacity and making sure that with what is left that we're  we've got contingency with other supply, but I feel really good about that. And so I think the concern Nicole short-term is, is are going to be additional lockdowns with any additional spread of the virus? And then continuing to make sure that we're getting the proper supply for anything that's left within the supply chain supporting the rest of our businesses, but overall I think we factored that into the framework we provided.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it. Thanks, George. And then, I don't think we've talked about really HVAC today. I know it's a smaller business for you guys versus some of your competitor, but could you talk a little bit about the order activity in that business? I mean, my understanding is that we've seen orders turn negative year-on-year on tough comps. I'm just curious if you've seen that trend as well?
George Oliver: Yes. So it's  for us it maybe a little bit different. Our North America, so when we look at resi globally, it's both inducted in the U.S. and our inducted business with Hitachi and so we're up about 15% globally. Now, when you look at North America, so we had sales up 27%, but our backlog continues to grow and we're at a point Nicole that because we're at our capacity, we're bringing on new capacity as we speak in our Mexico facility. We're governed right now by being able to take orders to our capacity expansion in Mexico. And so at this stage, it's hard to look at our orders because its book-and-bill and we're ultimately not taking orders that we can't support here, reasonably within the timeframe that they're looking for delivery. So that's a little bit of a factor for us as far as on the order side, but we still believe that on a run rate basis, that the demand that we see coming in is still very strong to be able support the distribution that that ultimately we supply to. And because of the investments that we've made in new products and now with the expansion of our capacity and distribution, we still feel really good about the prospects for that business. Now in the non  in the resi and the non-inducted that's performing very well. We're up 13% year-on-year, and this has been driven by, we've been strong in Asia-Pac up high-single digits. That's been driven by Taiwan and India and then Europe, it actually and this should be a big strength of ours going forward because of the heat pumps and the mix of heat pumps in our portfolio there that we were up 23% and our VRF is up 53%. And so incredible success there with the adoption of VRF and some of our new air-to-water heat pump technology. And so I think overall this is an important segment for us. We're making the investments, and I think we're seeing the success with the investments we're making.
Nicole DeBlase: Thanks, George.
George Oliver: Thanks Nicole.
George Oliver: So on that operator let me add a few comments here to close the call. I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. I think overall executing extremely well in our strategic initiatives, ultimately that will position us to accelerate profitable growth. We position the company to capital on some tremendous trends here that are facing our industry for the next decade plus. And although we've had short-term supply chain disruptions and they remain a challenge, I can tell you that our teams are executing well and personally involved on a regular basis and making sure every step of the way we're taking the actions require to ultimately recover. And I think with the strength of our orders and backlog provides us added confidence on our growth outlook going forward. And of course we always remain focused on, although we've had some impact short-term we are very much committed to deliver results for our customers and ultimately the long-term plan that we've committed to our shareholders. So I look forward to speaking with many of you soon, and over the next few days, and operator that would conclude our call today.
Operator: Thank you all for your participation on today's conference call. At this time all parties may disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Johnson Controls First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call.  This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Antonella Franzen, Vice President and Chief Investor Relations and Communications Officer.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls first quarter fiscal 2022 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. Joining me on the call today are Johnson Controls Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver and our Chief Financial Officer, Olivier Leonetti. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that during the course of todays call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you review todays press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that we have included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted earnings per share, EBITA and EBIT exclude restructuring as well as other special items. These metrics, together with organic sales and free cash flow are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to the presentation posted on our website. Additionally, all comparisons to the prior year are on a continuing ops basis. Now, let me turn the call over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Antonella and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Lets get started on Slide 3. We are off to a strong start in fiscal 2022 with solid Q1 results as our teams across the world continue to demonstrate best-in-class execution, delivering both strong financial performance for the enterprise and smart innovative solutions our customers demand to ensure safe, healthy and sustainable spaces. Our service activity in the quarter accelerated from both an orders and revenue perspective and we are making great strides across all of our vectors of growth, decarbonization, healthy buildings and smart buildings. I am incredibly proud of how the team is operating in what still remains an incredibly challenging environment as we continue to face headwinds from supply chain and labor constraints in various dislocations caused by the latest variant of COVID-19. As the recovery in our end markets expands, I have been continuously encouraged by the underlying demand trends we are witnessing as evidenced by high single-digit order and revenue growth this quarter. In the $10.5 billion backlog we have built, which increased 10% on a year-over-year basis. What has been equally as encouraging is the drivers of this demand have been the retrofit replacement of equipment and service offerings required to achieve higher indoor air quality, cost reduction and energy efficiency goals, which perfectly aligns with our portfolio of end-to-end digital solutions and services. We continued to advance our initiatives to accelerate growth and transform our service business. Q1 was another quarter of solid revenue and order growth and we continue to drive our attachment rate higher with a multifaceted approach, including a number of digitally-enabled solutions. Additionally, there are significant actions underway across the organization to optimize the efficiency of our cost structure and we remain on track to deliver $230 million in productivity savings this year. We had another quarter of strong free cash flow performance. As Olivier will share with you later, this has allowed us to continue to fund organic reinvestment in our business as well as share repurchase in M&A activity, all three of which remain top priorities. Over the next several slides, I will update you on some of the strategic growth vectors we continue to highlight and all of these are supported by the global mega trends that will drive demand within the building sector for the next decade plus. As we have said in the past, we truly believe we are among the best-in-class when it comes to the ability to deliver fully integrated solutions designed to address the challenges associated with these trends. Based on our performance in Q1 and our expectations for the remainder of the year, we are reaffirming our EPS guidance for the year. Please turn to Slide 4. During the quarter, we were honored to be recognized for our leadership in sustainability and ESG as well as our innovations in smart building platforms. We received our eighth consecutive ranking in the Corporate Knights Global 100 most sustainable corporations in the world. We were recognized by Sustainalytics for managing material ESG issues and we are 1 of 45 companies globally to receive his Royal Highness The Prince of Wales inaugural Terra Carta Seal. In terms of smart buildings, I was humbled to receive on behalf of the company, the IoT Companys CEO of the Year Award from IoT Breakthrough. This award is a reflection of the work of our entire digital and OpenBlue teams, engineering, development, sales, service and marketing. Lastly, we were also recognized by Verdantix for having the most prominent IoT platform for smart buildings in 2022, having achieved market-leading scores in several key categories. Please turn to Slide 5. Our service business continues to perform well. We are seeing good traction on our initiatives to accelerate growth and increased recurring revenues. We are also seeing encouraging trends in the adoption of our OpenBlue digital service offerings. Overall, service revenues in the quarter were up 5%, with broad-based growth across all regions. Orders were up 7%, led by low double-digit growth in North America, with strength across our applied commercial HVAC and Fire & Security platforms. We expect a 400 to 500 basis point improvement in our attach rate for the full year and ended Q1 at approximately 41%. Turning to Slide 6, it goes without saying that sustainability is at the heart of everything we do. There are tremendous efforts underway in all parts of the world to decarbonize and it has become very clear that buildings play a pivotal role in these efforts. We were pleased to see the recent announcement from the Biden administration forming a new National Building Performance Standards Coalition consisting of more than 30 state and local governments across the U.S., incentivizing the development of healthier, lower carbon emitting buildings. Building performance standards are among the core policy initiatives we have flagged as primary demand drivers for decarbonization and achieving net zero. This major announcement by the White House is the latest in a number of regulatory actions taken by the local and national governments globally in support of decarbonizing economies and more specifically in support of accelerating progress towards net zero buildings. These standards will mandate stringent carbon reduction requirements for new and existing buildings in the U.S., including financial penalties for non-compliance. The official adoption of these standards would represent an important step towards the formation of the $240 billion decarbonization industry we expect through 2035. Moving to Slide 7, we recently launched our latest offering under the OpenBlue Healthy Buildings portfolio, indoor air quality as-a-service. This is the industrys first dedicated as-a-service model for delivering indoor air quality. This offering allows us to combine our traditional holistic approach to delivering healthy indoor environments with innovative financing models that eliminate the need for our customers to commit capital upfront, lowering the risk and time to implement. This offering provides a turnkey solution that delivers clean air, while simultaneously optimizing the energy efficiency of a building, all while leveraging a subscription-based model. Solutions like these enabled by OpenBlue are truly differentiating factors when it comes to our customers decision-making process. Importantly, we continue to expand our partner ecosystem not only to supplement our solution portfolio, but also to advance our research and development. This quarter, we announced an important partnership with the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America to advance our advocacy of indoor air quality. We also kicked off a collaboration with Well Living Lab in the Mayo Clinic to study the cognitive and productivity benefits associated with enhancements to ventilation and filtration, which will leverage the partnership established with Bilogen last quarter. Next, on Slide 8, we are very excited to welcome FogHorn to the Johnson Controls team. FogHorn is recognized as the industrys leading developer of edge AI software for industrial and commercial IoT solutions with the most advanced technology. Their edge intelligence, combined with cloud-based model building enables secure real-time machine learning to take place at the device level, which means easier access to actionable insights and increased flexibility for our customers. FogHorn software will be integrated throughout the entire OpenBlue platform embedded within our OpenBlue Bridge data exchange, which will allow us an even better value proposition when it comes to applying intelligence at the edge device level faster, more secure and at a lower cost relative to cloud-based applications. We view edge intelligence as a critical technology for the future of smart autonomous buildings and for Johnson Controls. FogHorn gives us and our OpenBlue platform an immediate competitive advantage in edge AI with a software platform that is widely recognized as best-in-class. It avoids the time and cost to build out these capabilities organically. Please turn to Slide 9. Among the notable wins for these themes in Q1, we have a few examples across regions all centered around sustainability. In North America, we are partnering with the University of Windsor on their 2030 carbon reduction plan as well as their 2050 carbon neutrality objectives. We will be installing a uniquely configured chiller on our AI-enabled OpenBlue connected chiller platform, which will ensure optimal chiller performance and enable digital service. We are excited to be partnering with Aldar Properties, a prominent developer in the UAE as they begin a digital transformation to achieve their sustainability commitments. We were awarded an energy performance contract to improve the energy efficiency across Aldars network of schools in Abu Dhabi. In addition to replacing the HVAC equipment, in other energy-consuming assets, we will also be deploying our OpenBlue Net Zero Buildings portfolio of digital solutions. In China, we were selected to upgrade an existing customers Metasys building automation system and control system and integrate OpenBlue on-prem to leverage key AI capabilities that will optimize the chiller performance to reduce energy consumption. This includes a long-term service agreement leveraging our digital capabilities. These are great examples of the power and breadth of our portfolio, where we deliver tailored, sustainable outcomes for our customers while expanding our installed base and driving attractive recurring service growth. To wrap up my prepared remarks, I remain extremely excited about the continued advancements we have made relative to our key growth vectors and I couldnt be more pleased with the way our teams are executing in such a difficult environment. We remain laser-focused on our strategic commitments into delivering the outcomes our customers need on the path to a healthy and more sustainable future. With that, I am going to turn the call over to Olivier to walk you through the financial details in the quarter and update you on our outlook for Q2 and for the full year. Olivier?
Olivier Leonetti: Thanks, George and good morning everyone. Let me start with the summary on Slide 10. Sales in the quarter were up 8% organically above our original guidance for mid single-digit growth and led by strong outperformance across the global product portfolio. Our longer cycle field businesses also performed well, up 6% with solid growth in both service and install. Price contributed to about 4.5 points of our total organic growth, about 1 point above our expectation. Segment EBITDA increased 13% versus the prior year, with margins expanding 30 basis points to 12.3%, including a 100 basis point margin headwinds from price/cost and significant operational inefficiencies related to ongoing supply chain disruptions and worsening labor constraints. This was more than offset by strong leverage on higher volumes and the incremental benefit of our COGS and SG&A actions. Just to comment on the impact of the operational efficiencies. As I mentioned, we were able to yield 4.5 points of price. Beyond raw materials, inflation on most other items, freight, logistics, labor and components increased further and absorbed the benefit of the increased pricing. Additionally, ongoing supply chain disruptions and labor shortages impacted our field operations, where we were dealing with not only our own disruptions, but those of our customers as well. Versus our guidance for Q1, this was an incremental headwind of 40 basis points. Overall, our underlying margin performance in the quarter was very strong. EPS of $0.54 was at the high end of our guidance range and increased 26% year-over-year, benefiting from higher profitability as well as lower share count. Free cash flow in the quarter was over $250 million, primarily the result of a continued focus on working capital management. Turning to our EPS bridge on Slide 11. Overall operations contributed $0.10 versus the prior year, including a $0.06 benefit from our COGS and SG&A productivity programs. Underlying segment earnings were a net $0.04 tailwind year-over-year, which we view as a significant achievement in the current environment. Excluding the headwinds from price cost, underlying incremental in Q1 were approximately 40%. Please turn to Slide 12. Orders for our field businesses increased 8% in aggregate, with fairly balanced growth between service and installed activity. Growth in service orders is being led by a double-digit increase in our short-term transactional business, but also a mid single-digit increase in our contractual recurring revenue base. Installed demand continues to rebound primarily driven by a low double-digit increase in retrofit activity globally, including mid-teens growth in North America. Backlog grew 10% to nearly $10.5 billion, with service backlog up 4% and installed backlog up 11%. The year-over-year increase was led by higher retrofit activity in North America and EMEA and new construction activity in APAC. Lets discuss our segment results in more detail on Slide 13. My commentary will also refer to the segment end market performance included on Slide 14. Sales in North America were up 5% organically, led by 7% growth in service. Installed sales increased 4%. Similar to last quarter, supply chain disruptions and material availability negatively impacted revenue conversion in our North America business. Commercial applied HVAC revenue grew low double-digits, including low double-digit growth both in equipment and service. Fire & Security increased mid single-digits in the quarter. Performance Infrastructure declined high single-digits given the tough prior year comparison of plus 20%. Looking at the 2-year stack for Performance Infrastructure we are up double-digits with an exciting pipeline of opportunities ahead. Segment margin decreased 90 basis points year-over-year to 11.6%, including an 80 basis point impact from lower absorption given the operational inefficiencies related to material and labor availability. We are also intentionally maintaining a higher level of sales investments given our order activity is up more than double our revenue growth in the quarter. The combination of these factors will remain a headwind in the second quarter and significantly improved from there. Orders in North America were up 11% versus the prior year, with high-teens growth in commercial applied, including a significant increase in HVAC equipment orders driven by very strong demand in the datacenter and healthcare verticals. Fire & Security orders were up low-teens, with strength in both install and service. Backlog of $6.5 billion increased 12% year-over-year. EMEALA revenue increased 3%, led by continued strength in the Fire & Security business, which grew at mid single-digits rate in Q1. This was primarily driven by a sharp rebound in our retail platform and modest growth in our core offerings due to the material availability constraints. Industry Refrigeration grew low single digits, while commercial HVAC and Controls was relatively flat. Segment EBITDA margin expanded 50 basis points underlying margin performance improved as positive price/cost and the benefit of SG&A, COGS savings more than offset the modest mix headwind. Orders in EMEALA were up 3% in the quarter with high single-digit growth in Fire & Security and low single-digit growth in Commercial HVAC. Backlog ended the quarter at $2.2 billion, up 12%. Sales in Asia-Pacific increased 12% organically led by mid-teens growth in Commercial HVAC and Controls. China continued to outperform with revenue up nearly 30%. EBITDA margin declined 260 basis points year-over-year to 10.1%, driven by headwinds from price costs as well as unfavorable business and geographic mix. We do believe Q1 represents peak margin pressure for APAC, and we would expect margins to significantly improve as we  as the year progresses. APAC orders were up 5% with continued strength in commercial HVAC driven by a strong rebound within the industrial vertical in China as well as the benefit of a large infrastructure development project currently underway in Japan, which will include a significant deployment of OpenBlue and digitally-enabled services. Backlog of $1.8 billion was up 2% year-over-year. Global product sales increased 14% organically in the quarter, with broad-based strength across the portfolio led by mid-teens growth across our HVAC equipment platforms. Global residential HVAC sales were up 11% overall in Q1. North America HVAC grew 17% in the quarter benefiting from both high growth in our product business and strong price realization. We have been very successful in ramping production of our new facility in Mexico. So far we had about 30% capacity and still on track for full run rate later in the year. In Rest of the World, resi HVAC grew high single digits, led by strong double-digit growth in Europe as the adoption of our new Hitachi air-to-water residential heat pump launched last quarter, continues to improve. In APAC, resi HVAC was relatively flat as a result of softer industry domain in Japan, related to more mild weather, offset by strong growth in Taiwan and India. Although not reflected in our revenue growth, sales in our Hisense JV were up low teens year-over-year in Q1 as we continue to expand our distribution footprint in China. Commercial HVAC product sales were up high teens in aggregate with similar levels of growth in both applied and light commercial. Strength in Applied was driven by increased demand within the data center end markets for our air cool chillers and evaporative cooling solutions as well as our industrial refrigeration platforms. Strength in Light commercial was driven by strong performance at Hitachi which was up over 50% as well as mid-teens growth in North America unitary equipment and high single-digit growth in VRF. Fire & Security products grew low double-digit in aggregate, led by a continued recovery in our commercial science suppression business and mid-teens growth in access control and video solutions. EBITA margin expanded 240 basis points year-over-year to 14.5% as volume leverage, higher equity income and the benefit of productivity actions more than offset headwinds from price/cost. Turning to Slide 15, corporate expense was up slightly year-over-year year to $70 million. For modeling purposes, we have included some of our below-the-line items for FY 22. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 16, our balance sheet remains in great shape with no major changes to highlight in the quarter. We ended up Q1 with $1.2 billion in available cash and net debt at 1.9x, one tick higher versus year-end but still below our target range of 2x to 2.5x. On cash, we generated a little over $250 million in free cash flow in the quarter down year-over-year due to the absence of prior year tax credits and other COVID-related benefits as well as nearly a 50% increase in CapEx spend year-over-year. We had another quarter of strong trade working capital management, down 140 basis points as a percentage of sales. With a continued focus on working capital, we remain confident that we will sustain 100% conversion over the next several years. From a capital allocation standpoint, we are executing our game plan. We repurchased approximately 7 million shares for just over $500 million, deploying roughly $100 million towards bolt-on acquisitions and increased our quarterly cash dividend payment by 26%. Before we get into guidance, I want to comment on two reporting changes that occurred in the first quarter. First, effective at the start of the fiscal year, our Marine business, which was previously split across Asia Pacific and Global Products EMEALA is now managed and reported under our EMEALA segment. Historical segment results have been recast for comparability. Second, as part of the ongoing transformation of our service business, beginning with first quarter results, we are aligning the way we report revenue associated with certain types of retrofit activity we performed in EMEALA and APAC field businesses as they have evolved to be more aligned with similar offering in North America. From a management perspective, this provides better visibility to our initiatives aimed at accelerating our higher-margin recurring revenue base. The changes are being made on a prospective basis. To help with comparisons going forward, we have included recasted segment results and a table with pro forma service revenue for FY 21 in the appendix. Now let me get into guidance on Slide 17. As George mentioned, we are reaffirming our full year adjusted EPS guidance range of $3.22 to $3.32, which represents year-over-year growth of 22% to 25%. Given the continued inflationary environment, we are increasing our organic revenue growth assumptions to a range of 8% to 10%, mainly driven by our increased price expectation. An additional point of price on the top line we create an incremental margin headwind of approximately 20 basis points. We continue to expect price/cost will remain positive on an EPS basis. However, the inflated level of pricing will bring our full year price cost margin headwind to approximately 60 basis points. Therefore, we now expect 50 to 60 basis points of segment EBITDA margin expansion for the year. There was no change to underlying margin expansion of 110 to 120 basis points. Let me specifically point out that there was no change to our expectation for segment EBITDA dollars. Additionally, the strengthening U.S. dollar has created an EPS headwind in of $0.03 since we first provided guidance back in November, and we are absorbing this incremental headwind with our reaffirmed adjusted EPS guidance range. Turning to the second quarter, we expect continued strong performance with high single-digit organic revenue growth, improved segment EBITDA margin expansion and adjusted EPS of $0.62 to $0.64, which represents a year-over-year increase of 19% to 23%. Let me give back the call to George for some additional comments.
George Oliver: Before we move on to the Q&A portion of the call, I wanted to announce a quick update to my leadership team. This will be Antonellas final earnings call, and she will be pursuing a new role outside of Johnson Controls. Antonella has been one of my constants, really, since I first joined back Tyco back in 2006. She has been an invaluable resource to me personally, and Im sure she has been to many of you for more than a decade. She has been a fantastic leader, a trusted adviser and a friend. And so now, I cant thank you enough for all that you have done for me for the Johnson Controls team and for the company. I couldnt be more happy for you. I know I speak for all of us when I say we wish you all the best and we look forward to hearing more about your success in your new role. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning, guys.
George Oliver: Hi, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Antonella, good luck and sorry to see you go. So it looks like there seems to be more supply chain-related pressure in the field, particularly in North America versus your Global Products business, which is performing well. So could you talk about what youre seeing in the field? And then it seems like youre assuming incremental margin actually get slightly better in fiscal Q2 versus Q1. Is that a reflection that field conditions are at least not getting worse in Q2 and maybe getting a little better?
Olivier Leonetti: Andy, thank you for your question. So youre right, the environment is still challenging. We  and this challenge is impacting availability of parts, availability of labor. And obviously, we are facing a high level of inflation. And the impact on our field business is in two aspects. One, first of all, our operation is impacted, but also the one of our customers. And as a result, we mentioned that in our prepared remarks, we had price/cost negative about $15 million in Q1 and a headwind also due to the disruption of our field business of about 18 million. So the sum of the two is a margin headwind of about 100 basis points. Now something I want to say is that despite this environment, we have been able to deliver the profit dollar we had committed to you. And actually, from an EPS standpoint, we are at the top end of our range. A few reasons for that: one, pricing, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we have included 4.5 points of price in Q1; second, we are facing strong demand and the value proposition of Johnson Control is really resonating with our customers; third, we have also been very disciplined regarding the management of our P&L from a COGS and SG&A standpoint. As a result, you saw the bottom line we have mentioned. So we believe that the headwinds are going to start to be better as we go through the year. Were going to have a headwind in Q2 about 80 basis points. And for the rest of the year, as we revenue orders which were booked at a much higher margin and we have strong visibility of this in the second half we will expect to have a tailwind regarding the margin performance of our business.
Andy Kaplowitz: Olivier, thats very helpful. And then, George, I think you raised your attachment rate expectations slightly to 400 to 500 basis points. I think you were talking about 300 to 400. It isnt a huge change, but is the change in reflection of JCI continue to penetrate the market faster through OpenBlue in your digital offerings? And then does the higher rate of penetration mean you might be able to outperform your markets but more than that 200 to 300 basis points that youve talked about?
George Oliver: Yes, Andy, what Id say is service is a significant area of focus in our key growth accelerator. In addition to the traditional service business, digital now, the new OpenBlue offerings that has really helped us to increase our attach rates. And then not only would that attachment, be able to now launch a lot of new digital offerings that then enables us to be able to get more revenue per customer and ultimately deliver different outcomes. And so as a result, you saw our service orders were up 7% in the first quarter. That was led by double-digit growth in North America, although we did see growth across all regions and domains. And were also seeing our L&M business come back with more access to our customers. And so when we look on a go-forward basis relative to your question on attach, we do expect our service orders to continue to grow. And so when you look at the attach rate, it is built on the digitization of our services. Were planning to launch 20 new service products and offerings in 22, and this is where were taking our OpenBlue capabilities and actually delivering an indoor air quality level or clean air delivery rate or sustainability solutions, the energy reduction solutions, all of the above on top of what our attach and our core business would be. And so were very excited about the progress weve made and more important now with the pipeline that we have on these new service offerings that gives us the opportunity to not only attach more. But with that, would connect more, attach more and then ultimately deliver additional services on top of that connectivity.
Andy Kaplowitz: Appreciate it, guys.
George Oliver: Thank you, Andy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Antonella, congrats. I look forward to hearing what its all about very soon. I appreciate all the help over the years. Two questions from me. First, just picking up on the last one, George, can you give us any indication yet of how revenue per user is changing. I mean were kind of early days on this OpenBlue journey, but I wonder if there is kind of a measurable and quantifiable change in revenue per user that you could share with us? And then secondly, kind of tied to the service question, when you look at the strength now of these installed orders and the growth of the installed backlog, do you, in fact, see kind of higher-than-normal attachment and service tail on that installed work than you did previously? Maybe a little bit of color there would be interesting? Appreciate it. Thanks.
George Oliver: Yes. So let me start by just giving you the framework for service and the work that weve been doing over the last 18 months and more important, how thats playing out this year. Weve got about a $6 billion service business, about 60% of is recurring today and obviously, very proud of the progress weve made. And it is the focus of our growth vectors. And so when you look at the installed base that we have, historically, its been underserved and much of that was served with mechanical services, Jeff. And so what weve been doing is over the last really 18 months is getting everything really going after that installed base to get it connected so that we can then attach so we can take existing mechanical PSA and/or new PSAs and attach with that connectivity. And then with that connectivity, be able to now begin to deploy some of the new services, whether it be connected chiller services and focusing on uptime of the chiller or a reduced energy of the chiller or indoor air quality solutions. Weve got an array of solutions that weve now launched that with OpenBlue gives us the opportunity to tail into our air quality solutions for the verticals that we support. So, all of that has been going on. When you look at the current, our projection is that we will grow our service business 200 or 300 basis points above the market. And to your  specifically to your point, its all been about operationalizing service. So weve got a huge installed base, get it connected. And then attach when were going after either renewing our existing PSAs and/or generating new PSAs we then get an attached connected PSA and then its ultimately selling more. And weve already launched 12 digital offerings. Weve got a pipeline of  its probably $300 million or $400 million of opportunity that we have to go back into that installed base and be able to bring these services to them. And so when you ask about what is the connectivity, were at a very low level today based on  we have our security business, which 100% is attached. But when you look at the other businesses, we have a much lower percentage. When I say connected and with an attached PSA  and so were going to  were working through that to forecast what thats going to mean not only through the year, but throughout years and what we can achieve purely with whats connected that then has a PSA attached to it. But thats fundamental, Jeff, to our ability to be able to improve our  the way that were measuring today the 400 to 500 basis points of improvement and then our ability to be able to then generate more revenue per customer because of the new solutions that are being now offered to where we have a connected PSA.
Jeff Sprague: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Davis with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hi. Good morning, George and Olivier.
George Oliver: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis: And congrats, Antonella, also, the years of health and support.
Antonella Franzen: Thank you.
Scott Davis: Anyway, Im going to jump on the bandwagon here because Im kind of fascinated with this FogHorn thing, but I dont understand it. What does it give you, George that you didnt have before? And it feels like its fairly high level. I mean does the customer want something as advanced?
George Oliver: Yes. So let me frame this up for you, Scott. Number one, I couldnt be more excited about the capabilities that FogHorn, the software that they have brings to our OpenBlue platform. So you need to think about this as the edge AI is going to become a critical technology to own when it comes to the future of smart autonomous buildings and in many cases, across other industries. And there is more value to being created at the edge because it can be real time, it can be more dependable analytics. It reduces the data being sent to the cloud, which is obviously lower cost, more secure, and it also improves the system resiliency. So it can operate, whether it be offline or without connectivity. And so we see  let me give you a number here. We see edge AI penetration increasing six-fold through 2025. So when you think about an autonomous building, there will be more sensors, more AI deployed, more analytics. And by pushing that to the edge, ultimately with the capabilities that I said earlier is what ultimately makes it really attractive. And so for us, this was a buy versus build decision. We would have caused almost as much and probably would have had lengthened our development cycle another 2 years to establish the same level of the commercial success that FogHorn has today. And so you need to think of this as supplementing our product development for a product that we would have actually accelerated on our own spend. And then it catalyzes the creation, what we would call our JCI AI Hub in Silicon Valley. Thats where FogHorn is based. And its allowing us to maintain the key engineering talent and now take what we were doing previously within JCI and put that together within the COE. And if you look at their capabilities compared to what we have seen elsewhere across the industry, it is widely considered best-in-class, and I would say has the most advanced portfolio among their peers. So, this  think of this, Scott, is this an accelerator of our ability to deploy our AI solutions with OpenBlue, specifically to the verticals that we support that ultimately creates incredible value for our customers.
Olivier Leonetti: An additional point, Scott, if I may we had worked with the team for about a year and we are very pleased with the technology and also very pleased with the culture of FogHorn. So, we believe its a great fit.
Scott Davis: Is FogHorn  do they have a broad customer base already, George? Are you buying the technology, or they have an existing customer base that you can lever as well?
George Oliver: They have an existing customer base where they were developing and developing vertical solutions. And so we have been working with them, as Olivier said, over the last year, and so as they were advancing with their capabilities with our channel and the work that we are doing with OpenBlue just totally opened up the opportunity now to expand the market that they are serving.
Scott Davis: It sounds real good, love to see demo some day. I will pass it on. Thank you, guys. Good luck.
George Oliver: Thanks Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning. And I will echo the thanks Franzen and wish you all the best. Maybe just starting with the top line outlook, just wanted to understand on Fire & Security. You had mid-single digit growth, I think sort of all-in consolidated in the quarter organically. Maybe help us understand sort of within that, how much less than the firm-wide average was the pricing tailwind? And also, as you think about the balance of the year, do you see that mid-single digit Fire & Security growth rate accelerating?
Olivier Leonetti: So, let me speak about the guide in aggregate. If you look at  I am going to talk about Q2 quickly and then talk about the full year. For Q2, we expect revenue to be high-single digits. If I give it to you by the key operations at Johnson Control, we expect services to grow mid to high-single digits. Install, we expect installed to grow at mid to high-single digits. And we expect also our global product franchise to grow low digits, so continued strong performance. And we expect those trends to keep going for the full year. Fire & Security is doing very well, but you see that the full portfolio is doing very well as well. We are very pleased with the commercial HVAC also applied shares we have had, our new product portfolio driving sustainability for our customers is resonating. So, Fire & Security is doing well, but the full portfolio is doing well as well, Julian.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you. And then maybe just following up on the margin outlook, so Global Products had very good operating leverage in the first quarter, I think 30% or so year-on-year. even with inflation and supply chain issues. So, I guess looking at the balance of the year, wondered how you see that operating leverage playing out, because you might get less of a mix tailwind from resi HVAC slowing down, but maybe a help as inflation shrinks as a headwind as well. So, how are you thinking about sort of global products operating leverage for the year as a whole?
Olivier Leonetti: So, in aggregate, as you can see from our guide and what we said earlier, Julian, you see that price cost is going to become more and more of a tailwind for the company. The reason for that is we are now recording revenue for orders, which were priced at a much higher margin. And we see that playing also for global product, but also the entirety of the portfolio. So, let me repeat some of the numbers, headwind Q1 100 basis points, headwind in Q2 80 basis points. And for the second half, a tailwind due to price cost of about $40 million and the net for the year of about 60 basis point headwind. And an important mention is that the underlying margin is very strong, and for the year, will be at about 110 basis points to 120 basis point increase.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much. And there is no big mix headwind expected in Global Products as resi slows down?
Olivier Leonetti: Not really. I mean if anything, we see mix starting to be more positive as we sell more services, more digital offering, as George mentioned earlier.
Antonella Franzen: And Julian, I would just add that if you are talking about Global Products specifically, I mean, the leverage in that business for the year is going to be around 30%.
Julian Mitchell: Thats great. Thank you.
George Oliver: Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti: Thanks Julian.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning and Antonella, congratulations. Good luck and we will miss you. Thanks for all the help.
Antonella Franzen: Thank you.
Nigel Coe: Just on the last point, maybe Olivier, just clarify. I am assuming that strong JV income would be helping with the product leverage. So, thats probably a factor as well. But just curious on the North American retrofit comments, I think you called out mid-teens order growth there and it sounds like thats strong. Would you clarify that as maybe just deferred retrofit activity or do you think there is something a bit more secular happening here.
Olivier Leonetti: No, we are very pleased with our North America business. As we have mentioned in our prepared remarks, the North America business has been highly impacted by disruptions for its operation, but also the operations of our customers. But if you look at the underlying demand for North America, we have been growing orders in the quarter twice the revenue rate. Clearly, the value proposition of Johnson Controls in North America is resonating. As we mentioned also, we are investing in sales force to satisfy the demand. Now we are not able to realize it yet, but we will in the second part of the year. So, we see the North America revenue to keep growing, and we see also the margin rate to keep improving as we go through the year.
George Oliver: Yes. Just a comment on that, Nigel, when you look at the backlog, the backlog is up 12% year-on-year. When you look at HVAC controls, we are up about almost 20%. And so you would attribute it to all of the strategies, not only in the new product developments that are  the new product thats coming to market, the focus on decarbonization on energy savings and now a significant lift on indoor air quality. And when you look at indoor air quality, we are up nicely year-on-year after delivering $400 million in total. This would be across the globe last year. When we look at our orders here in Q2, we project those to be up about 45%. And so its a combination of not only good core growth, but now seeing the opportunity the way that we are executing on the growth vectors. And now when you look at even services being up nicely in North America, that is an output of the work that we have been doing strategically.
Nigel Coe: Great. Thank you. And then just a quick one on labor, we are hearing a lot of companies complaining about resignations and the inability to hire. I am just wondering if in your service business, if you have seen any kind of maybe flags or any red flags there? And any kind of capacity concerns that might gate service growth due to labor constraints?
George Oliver: So, when I look at the supply chain disruptions overall, and it is weighted towards North America. It is driven by labor, a broad base. Now, what I would say inside our four walls, so within our manufacturing facilities and within our install and service business, we have been very effective in getting the ramp-up of labor that ultimately is required to continue to accelerate our growth. And so when you look at  I mean the disruption that Olivier was talking about is really driven by our supply chain chips and coils and other components that ultimately we have been adjusting to and making sure we are working around to mitigate the impact. And so we have been very proactive, not only on the labor front ourselves, but we have been also engaged with our suppliers. And so we have been very actively engaged with their labor situation to make sure that we are utilizing our labor services to ultimately get the labor they need to be able to keep our manufacturing facilities operating and the like. And so what I would say, it certainly is what I would say, the underlying challenge within the supply chain. But I would tell you, based on what I see, we track this on a weekly basis, we are making good progress and then we are working with our suppliers to do the same.
Nigel Coe: Thats great to hear. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hi guys. Good morning.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning Steve.
Steve Tusa: Congrats, Antonella, and best of luck in whatever the new gig is. Thanks for all the help over years.
Antonella Franzen: Thank you.
Steve Tusa: What do you guys think the market is growing in kind of global applied equipment? And how are you guys performing against that?
George Oliver: Yes. I mean when we look at our applied business, Steve, and the work that we have done, making sure that we have got a full lineup and we have been reinvesting in new product and the like. So, I think we are seeing some upside from that. I think overall, we have seen a nice recovery, and we have capitalized on that with some of the new products. I would say the focus for us has been on low-GWP refrigerant technologies, next-gen air cool technologies, a lot of electrification with heat pumps and heat transfer units and then in our JCH business, the VRF technology. So, I think a lot of these are aligned to where we see the market going and ultimately now capitalizing on those trends around sustainability and energy efficiency. And so, thats the underlying what we see to be the  driving the underlying demand. When you look at our performance in applied, both sales and orders were up low-double digits in Q1. And now a lot of this was  there is a few verticals driving this. We see strong demand in data centers and healthcare and thats globally, and thats driving a lot of demand for our air cooled chillers specifically in North America. And then the other, I think whats helping this demand also is this the retrofit projects that are focused on sustainability, decarbonization, healthy buildings, which ultimately brings together our combined capabilities beyond just the equipment. And so I think that whats driving it to your question of how does that play out over the rest of the year. We believe, as Olivier said, not only with the underlying demand and now with the strong pricing activity that we are  overall, I think its following the demand for the overall company, which is high-single digits. And we see our backlog, not only our order pipeline, but then our backlog that we are developing continues to grow. And we have backlog today that now is up over 10%. So, I think its  a lot of these demand streams converging that is ultimately playing out for us as we had planned with our strategy.
Steve Tusa: And then just on OpenBlue, any tangible KPIs that you could provide to kind of give us an idea of what the trajectory of that is? I mean, I know you have talked about a few wins here and there, but anything tangible early on, I dont know, installations accounts that you can give us to kind of track the progress there?
George Oliver: Yes, so let me just frame up OpenBlue, because I think this is a very important fundamental. So, its really at the center of everything we are doing. So, as we talked about today, not only how we are pushing intelligence to the edge at our products and driving that now with FogHorn in our digital capabilities. But through all of this, whether it would be OpenBlue Bridge, OpenBlue Twin, active responder, Performance Advisor, cloud, location, all of these capabilities then play out not only enhancing our ability to get more installed base, but then differentiating that base with services. So, we have launched these eight major offerings. We have now incorporated those into our digital services. And when you look at our digital products and service revenue, we are up high-single digits. So, that is tracking with the investments we made. And now its really now embedded in selling it as a solution. So, whether it be a project where we deliver energy savings or decarbonization or indoor air quality as a solution thats embedded in the solution. And then within that solution, we get higher margin and then we get a connection that gives us the ability to now add additional digital services. And so the benefit for the customer is improved uptime like by 66%, higher efficiency, smart buildings impact, we can impact energy by 50%. And so all of our solutions are based on creating these outcomes that ultimately generate a return for our customers and we see this over time, as we have said before, up to 10x the value creation with how it differentiates our equipment, the solutions that we install and then the base we build to allow us to be able to deliver additional services on top of that connection. That is the framework of OpenBlue.
Steve Tusa: Great. Thanks a lot.
Olivier Leonetti: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Good morning all and best of luck to Antonella. You will be missed.
Antonella Franzen: Thanks.
Josh Pokrzywinski: So, a lot of questions trying to tease out the outgrowth here from a few different angles, I guess I want to approach it a little different as well. So, field orders up 8%, probably a few points of price in there. If I take off kind of the 2 points of outgrowth that you guys talked about at the Analyst Day, were at kind of low-single digits, which sort of feels low to call that the market since we are still comping negative and have things like stimulus helping and education. Like what  is that the right way to look at it? Where is the leak? And I guess when do you expect to see more separation, I guess on the field orders front?
Olivier Leonetti: So, if you look at the field orders today, they are growing at 8%. We mentioned that if you look at the 3-year stack, the increase is steady. We believe that from a volume standpoint, the growth is really attractive. And as we deploy more of our capabilities around OpenBlue, around digital services, around indoor quality and the like, we believe that the growth in the field would keep growing. So, so far, its performing largely as per our expectation, Josh, and more to come.
George Oliver: And Josh, just to add, when we look at our  these new solutions that we have launched around net zero buildings and now the indoor air quality as a service. We have got a significant pipeline that we are now in the early stages of developing and beginning to convert. And that does begin to change not only the solutions and the installed base that is created with those solutions, but that gives us the installed base to ultimately get connected and then ultimately build  continue to build out the services. So, I believe when you look at the full cycle, we are seeing that with the projects that are in our pipeline and how we are beginning to convert. And thats why as Olivier said, we have been increasing our sales force because we believe that with all of the pluses and minuses that we are positioned for a nice steady stream of growth here that we are positioned to be able to deliver on.
Antonella Franzen: And the only thing I would add is we are clearly seeing share gains, which clearly shows that we are outperforming the market. And that has been, I would say, pretty steady across the board. We gained some significant share in Applied, particularly in chillers in North America over the last 12 months. And we are also seeing gains in share in the Fire & Security portfolio as well.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Thats helpful. And then just a follow-up on Nigels question about labor, obviously, you guys arent the only folks at the job site, especially in kind of these big retrofits or new construction. How much of what you are doing could be held up by other folks having insufficient access to labor or kind of site delays? Like is that something thats happening now, or is that something that could flare up as a risk or can you guys kind of control your own destiny if you are able to attract and retain people inside of JCI?
George Oliver: Yes. So, if you look at our  when we talk about labor at our facilities, at our manufacturing facilities, we have been managing around shortages, and we are getting some disruption there because you have to run smaller lots through the manufacturing process and you have to do more changeovers per shift and the like. And thats why we saw some disruption there. Why the field is greater is because when you look at North America, for instance, we have 18,000 people in the field every day on jobs. And so its really based on schedules and making sure that we are deploying that labor efficiently that they are going to be able to perform their work when they go on site. And so you can imagine in this environment, with all of the changes that are happening daily, we are operating at an incredible level to maintain not only the full employment, but ultimately supporting our customers during this period of time. And so I think the value proposition, as we have been able to  I just looked at our January numbers as far as our hiring and we are spot on what we need to hire to ultimately support the growth the rest of the year. And as we work with our recruiters and the way that we are presenting ourselves in the market, there is a very attractive value proposition with the work we are doing with ultimately the growth that we are positioned to achieve and then ultimately, the problems that now we are positioned to solve for our customers. So, when you put all that together, those are some of the drivers, whats driving our success. But to your point, it is  anyone thats within the supply chain today, there is a level of frustration because you  every day, you get a curveball and you have to work around because of the shortage or the like. And to your point about our customers, we certainly are governed by the projects that we are supporting and ultimately their schedules on site. And we are trying to work that proactively so we dont get many surprises. But you can imagine when things dont show up, then you have got to pivot and redeploy. And thats  we have been doing that extremely well while we have been navigating through this period of time.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Great. I appreciate the detail. Best of luck.
George Oliver: So, let me wrap up, and I will thank everyone again for joining our call this morning. As we have discussed here, we have had a very strong start to the fiscal year and the underlying momentum we are seeing in our business and the recovery within our verticals is very encouraging. And although the environment will continue to be challenging, as you have seen here, our teams across the board are executing extremely well, ultimately delivering for our customers and for our shareholders. So, I would just like to end the call and thank Antonella again for just an incredible run and for your leadership, your friendship and the impact that you have had on all of us and on the company has been phenomenal. So again, thank you for that. And I do look forward to speaking with many of you soon. There is a lot of conferences coming up and we are looking forward to further engagement. So, on that, operator, that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. All participants, you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-11-05 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Johnson Controls Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded.  If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. 
 I will now turn the call over to Antonella Franzen, Vice President and Chief Investor Relations and Communications Officer. 
Antonella Franzen: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls' fourth quarter fiscal 2021 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. Joining me on the call today are Johnson Controls' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver; and our Chief Financial Officer, Olivier Leonetti.  
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of today's call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you review today's press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that we've included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions, and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. 
 In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted earnings per share, EBITA and EBIT exclude restructuring and integration costs as well as other special items. These metrics, together with organic sales and free cash flow, are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to the presentation posted on our website. Additionally, all comparisons to the prior year are on a continuing ops basis.  
 Now let me turn the call over to George. 
George Oliver: Thanks, Antonella, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I'm going to start off with a quick look back at 2021 and update you on a few of our long-term strategic priorities. Olivier will provide a detailed review of our fourth quarter results and provide you with our fiscal 2022 guidance. And as always, we will leave as much time as possible to take your questions.  
 Let's get started on Slide 3. We rounded out fiscal '21 with another quarter of solid financial results, having met or exceeded all of our original commitments for the year, in what turned out to be a much more difficult environment than originally planned. The ability to deliver these results, while navigating through unprecedented levels of inflation and supply chain disruptions, is a testament to the operational discipline and agility demonstrated throughout the organization. And for that, I am incredibly grateful for the efforts of the entire Johnson Controls team. 
 Despite the challenging external environment, our end market demand remains strong. Robust retrofit activity, coupled with a pickup in new nonresidential construction we are starting to see, creates a strong future demand trend. This is evidenced by the continued momentum we are seeing in our order books and the record backlog we have built.  
 We also remain focused on the big picture, moving ahead with bold new commitments, doubling down with ambitious new ESG goals set earlier this year, embarking on a substantial new productivity program designed to drive a step-function change in profitability. And just recently, at our Investor Day in September, we committed to a new set of 3-year financial commitments.  
 We made significant progress in advancing our growth strategy, scaling our OpenBlue digital platform, launching 8 new major offerings and greatly expanding our partner ecosystem, investing in the refresh of our product portfolio, focusing on accelerating our service growth and improving our attachment rate. And we are capitalizing on strong secular trends for healthy buildings, decarbonization and smart connected equipment and buildings. As end markets continue to recover and the adoption of these trends continue to expand globally, I am confident we are uniquely positioned from a competitive standpoint to continue to outperform.  
 Please turn to Slide 4. In addition to the strong financial results and advancement on our strategic initiatives, we have also continued to lead in ESG, including continued progress toward both our 2025 sustainability goals and our new ESG commitments. This is not, by any means, an exhaustive list, but I am extremely pleased with what our teams have accomplished in the last year. We are committed to net zero, committed to reducing emissions within our own operations and that of our customers. Our science-based targets have been approved. Our leadership team is aligned from a governance perspective, and we are extending our leadership in sustainable financing as well.  
 Tomorrow, I travel to COP26 in Glasgow. We made great progress in driving home the understanding that buildings represent approximately 40% of global greenhouse gas emissions, and there is no tackling climate change without substantial investment in buildings. Governments are now acting on this and mobilizing billions to upgrade buildings. And Johnson Controls is perfectly positioned to deliver those solutions. At COP26, I will meet with government and business leaders to build momentum and ensure action.  
 Turning to Slide 5. I wanted to take a few minutes to highlight several new strategic developments in the quarter. Most recently, we signed an MOU with 2 significant technology leaders, Accenture and Alibaba, to address sustainable infrastructure needs. This collaboration will focus on an estimated multibillion-dollar market for digital solutions serving data centers in China. 
 We also signed a foundational technology agreement with Tempered Networks, building upon our recent cybersecurity partnerships with Pelion and DigiCert. Each of these partnerships embeds a critical layer of trust, security and operational capability into our OpenBlue platform and connected devices. These elements differentiate our products and services to help protect the integrity of our customers' operations and data. 
 Tempered brings an industry-leading zero-trust secure network capability that helps us drive customer confidence and, in turn, accelerate the adoption of OpenBlue services. Our partnerships with UL, Safe Traces and with Phylagen are powerful examples of how we are innovating to extend our Healthy Buildings leadership, providing new indoor environmental quality solutions to address our customers' most pressing challenges.  
 Our near-term focus is on the education vertical as there is a clear and compelling need to help those customers optimize their investments. With an estimated $195 billion in government stimulus earmarked for K-12 spending, this provides a significant opportunity. Additionally, we entered into an exclusive joint development agreement and investment with Phylagen, a leading biotech company working on the identification of indoor bacteria and viruses that are all around us in buildings. Our work with Phylagen is a commitment to developing the cutting-edge capabilities to deliver and maintain healthy buildings.  
 Please turn to Slide 6. At our Investor Day, we shared with you our 3 pillars for delivering above-market growth over the next 3 years and beyond. One of those pillars related to gaining share through innovative product development centered around digital and sustainability. As planned, we launched over 150 new products in fiscal 2021, spanning nearly all business units, resulting in continued share gains in both Q4 and the full year.  
 In 2022, we are well positioned to gain share with another 175 new products across 4 main categories: sustainability, smart buildings, digital and residential, with heat pumps central to our product development strategy. These are just a sample of what is expected to launch over the next 90 days, with a steady pipeline behind us.  
 Turning to Slide 7. Service plays a central role in everything we do. Over the last 18 months, we have strengthened our market-leading capabilities to best position ourselves for the shifting industry demographics and evolving digital technologies that are enabling outcome-based solution models. At the start of last year, we began articulating our intentions to accelerate service growth to a couple of points above market levels, part of which would be the result of increasing our attachment rate by leveraging our large installed base and the digital transformation of our business. 
 In fiscal 2021, we saw the early benefits of our efforts shine through. We exited the year with service revenues up 8% in the fourth quarter with high single-digit growth in all 3 regions in nearly all business domains. For the full year, service revenue grew 4%, which is up 2 to 3 points over 2019 levels, despite a slow start to the year as we manage through lingering site access restrictions and abnormal customer budget pressures.  
 Looking ahead, we see service accelerating through fiscal 2022, in line with our goal to outpace the market. The order strength we've seen in the second half of the year bolsters that view. Service orders were up 7% in Q4 and, importantly, up low single digits organically versus 2019 levels. Additionally, we improved our attach rate to approximately 40%.   
 Turning to Slide 8. The third pillar is our vectors of growth, which we believe, on a combined basis, represents an incremental market opportunity of $250 billion over the next decade. Our unique portfolio is a competitive advantage across all 3 areas. And from a financial performance perspective, we have significantly increased both revenue and orders in fiscal 2021. This positions us very well for continued strong performance as we move forward.  
 Next, on Slide 9, I wanted to highlight a key customer win related to one of our key vectors of growth. In Q4, we were awarded a Buildings as a Service project by one of our long-standing customers, the University of North Dakota. This is the second long-term Performance Infrastructure contract we have been awarded with this university in the last 2 years. It leverages not only our expertise in Performance Contracting, but also the OpenBlue Enterprise Manager software. 
 The total contract value was nearly $220 million over the life of the project, with a smaller portion of that booked during the quarter. On a related note, our OpenBlue Healthy Buildings platform enabled nearly 900 colleges and universities to safely and efficiently welcome students, staff and faculty back to their campuses this fall.  
 Before I turn things over to Olivier, let me conclude with a few thoughts. I remain extremely encouraged by the demand patterns we are seeing across most of our end markets and the ability of our teams to capitalize on more than our fair share of that demand. We see this decade as being one of the most exciting for the smart building industry, which Johnson Controls is positioned to lead. 
 Underlying momentum in our short-cycle businesses continues to improve despite pressure from ongoing supply chain and component availability constraints. Our longer-cycle install business, driven by the new buildings market, also continues to recover, although extended lead times and inflation are delaying some investment decisions, particularly on larger projects. Retrofit activity remains an important driver of our business, and we see plenty of opportunity to capitalize on this activity going forward. 
 All of that said, we are very mindful of the macro backdrop and our outlook does not assume any significant near-term improvement in supply chain conditions or inflation over the next couple of quarters. On price/cost, given the progressive rise in inflation for almost all input costs throughout the year, we took decisive steps on pricing and cost to stay ahead of the curve. And I am confident we will continue to manage through these challenges. 
 Looking ahead to fiscal 2022, our focus turns to accelerating and demonstrating our growth capabilities. Our proven product technology leadership, combined now with OpenBlue, truly differentiates the solutions we can bring to our customers. In fact, we believe we are best positioned to lead the revolution of smart buildings, and we are fully committed to creating healthier, safer and more sustainable buildings. 
 With that, let me turn it over to Olivier to go through the details of the quarter. 
Olivier Leonetti: Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. Let me start with a brief financial summary on Slide 10. Sales in the quarter were up 5% organically, led by Global Products, which is truly a reflection of the team's strong execution. Underlying momentum in this business continue to improve, as evidenced by mid-single digits growth on a 2-year stack basis. Our longer-cycle field business continue to recover, led by strong growth in services, up 8% in the quarter.  
 Segment EBITA increased 10% versus the prior year, margin expanding 30 basis points to 15.9%. Better leverage on higher volumes, favorable mix and the incremental benefit of our SG&A actions more than offset the headwind from the reversal of temporary cost reductions and price/cost, including significant supply chain disruptions. 
 EPS of $0.88 was at the high end of our guidance range and increased 16% year-over-year, benefiting from higher profitability as well as lower share count. Free cash flow in the quarter was approximately $300 million, reflecting the reversal of timing benefits experienced in the first 3 quarters of the year, as expected. On a full year basis, we achieved 105% free cash flow conversion.  
 Please turn to Slide 11. Orders for our field businesses increased 9%, led by low double-digit growth in install on strong double-digit growth in retrofit activity. We are also seeing continued strength in our service business, with orders up 7%, driven by strong growth in North America and EMEALA. Backlog grew 10% to more than $10 billion, with service backlog up 5% and install backlog up 11%. The sequential improvement was led by strong retrofit activity as new construction continues to recover from depressed level in fiscal '20, particularly in North America.  
 Turning to our EPS bridge on Slide 12. Let me touch on a few key items. Overall, operations contributed $0.09 versus the prior year, including a $0.04 benefit from our SG&A productivity program, achieving our targeted savings in fiscal '21. We are well on track to achieve our SG&A and COGS savings in fiscal '22 and beyond. 
 Similar to last quarter, excluding the headwind from the prior year temporary actions, underlying incrementals in Q4 were approximately 30%. Corporate was a $0.03 headwind year-over-year and other items netted to a $0.06 tailwind, primarily related to lower share count, lower net financing charges and FX.  
 Let's discuss our segment results in more details on Slide 13. My commentary will also refer to the segment end-market performance included on Slide 14. North America revenue grew 4% organically, led by strength in services, which was higher in all domain. Install revenue was up low single digits, primarily due to strong demand from shorter-cycle retrofit and upgrade projects, and positive growth in new construction. Both our internal and customer supply chain restrictions negatively impacted our North America install business. 
 By domain, Commercial Applied HVAC revenue grew mid-single digits, while Fire & Security increased low single digits in the quarter. We had another strong quarter in Performance Infrastructure, which grew revenue low double digits, the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth, a good reflection on our customers' demand for decarbonization solution. Segment margin decreased 20 basis points year-over-year to 15.2%, primarily due to the reversal of temporary cost from the mitigation actions in the prior year. 
 Orders in North America were up 11% versus the prior year, with high single-digit growth in both Commercial HVAC and Fire & Security. Performance Infrastructure orders were up nearly 40%. Applied HVAC orders increased 10% overall, driven by strong retrofit activity, with another strong quarter of equipment orders up over 20% in Q4. Backlog of $6.5 billion increased 10% year-over-year.  
 Revenue in EMEALA increased 3% organically, led by continued strength in our service business, particularly in our Applied HVAC and Industrial Refrigeration businesses. Fire & Security, which account for nearly 60% of segment revenues, grew at mid-single digits rate in Q4, with strength across our enterprise accounts and residential security businesses, including a rebound in our retail platform. Industrial Refrigeration also grew mid-single digits, while Commercial HVAC & Controls declined low single digits. 
 By geography, revenue growth was broad-based, with strength in Europe and Latin America, partially offset by low double-digit decline in the Middle East. Segment EBITA margins declined 30 basis points, driven by a prior year gain on sales. Underlying margin performance improved as favorable mix, positive price/cost and the benefit of SG&A savings this year more than offset the temporary mitigation actions taken in the prior year. Order in EMEALA continued to accelerate, increasing 7% in the quarter, with strong mid-teens growth in Commercial HVAC and high single-digit growth in Fire & Security. 
 APAC revenue increased 7% organically, led by low double digits growth in Commercial HVAC & Controls. EBITA margins expanded 80 basis points year-over-year to 15.5%, driven by a favorable reserve adjustment. APAC underlying margin declined year-over-year as volume leverage and net productivity was offset by unfavorable mix and negative price/cost. APAC orders grew 4%, driven by continued strength in Commercial HVAC. 
 Global Products revenue grew 7% on an organic basis in the quarter, with broad-based strength across the portfolio. Our Global Residential HVAC business was up 5% in the quarter. North America Resi HVAC grew 4% in the quarter, benefiting from both higher volume and pricing. Outside of North America, our Residential HVAC business grew mid-single digits, led by strong double-digit growth in Europe and driven in part by the launch of our new Hitachi air-to-water residential heat pump, which was well received by the market. 
 In APAC, Residential HVAC declined low single digits as a result of softer industry demand in Japan, given the COVID-related state of emergency in place for much of the quarter. We continue to gain shares in Japan, up more than 100 basis points in the quarter, as we continue to launch new premium products with indoor air quality technologies. 
 Although not reflected in our revenue growth, our Hisense JV revenue grew over 40% year-over-year in Q4, expanding our leading position in China. Commercial HVAC product sales were up low double digits overall, led by mid-teens growth in our indirect Applied business, including strong chiller demand within the data center end market. 
 Light Commercial grew high single digits overall, with North America unitary equipment down 2% and VRF up high single digits. Our Light Commercial business in Asia was up low double digits, including a significant win in Taiwan to supply high-efficiency ductless unit with indoor air quality technology to all schools across the country. 
 Fire & Security products grew high single digits in aggregate, led by our access and control and video solutions business and return to pre-pandemic levels for parts of our fire suppression business. EBITA margin expanded 90 basis points year-over-year to 18.7% as volume leverage, higher equity income and the benefit of SG&A actions more than offset the temporary cost action in the prior year and price/cost, including the significant supply chain disruptions.  
 Turning to Slide 15. Corporate expense increased significantly year-over-year off an abnormal low level to $83 million. For modeling purposes, we have included an outlook for some of our below-the-line items in financial year '22. I will point out that amortization expense reflects the full year run rate impact of Silent-Aire as well as additional software R&D. Net financing charges returned to a more normal level as fiscal '21 benefited from significant FX gain. Noncontrolling interest reflects continued growth in our Hitachi JV.  
 Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 16. Our balance sheet remains in great shape. We ended the year with $1.3 billion in available cash and net debt at 1.8x, still below our targeted range of 2 to 2.5x. On cash, we generated a little over $300 million in free cash flow in the quarter, bringing us to nearly $2 billion year-to-date and achieving our target of 105% conversion for the year.  
 As you will recall from our guidance last quarter, we expected a reversal in some of the timing benefits we experienced earlier in the year. I am extremely pleased with our cash performance and remain confident that we will sustain 100% conversion over the next several years. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased a little over 4 million shares for approximately $300 million, which for the full year, brings us to around 23 million shares or $1.3 billion.  
 Let's turn to Slide 17 for a look at our historical Q1 seasonality. As you can see, Q1 typically represents less than 15% of our full year EPS given our normal seasonality. For Q1 of fiscal '22, we expect to be above that level, with Q1 guidance representing about 16% of our full year at the midpoint. Additionally, we expect an improving first half, second half versus historical seasonality. 
 As we look at fiscal '22 overall, on Slide 18, we are entering the year with record backlog, and underlying markets are continuing to improve. With that said, we do expect supply chain constraints and the inflationary environment to continue, at least over the next couple of quarters. On a full year basis, we expect high single-digit organic revenue growth, with 70 to 80 basis points of segment EBITA margin expansion. 
 Although we expect to remain price/cost positive on an EPS basis,  the inflated level of pricing will result in margin headwinds of approximately 40 basis points for the year. Underlying margins are expanding to 110 to 120 basis points. Additionally, we expect another year of strong earnings growth, with adjusted EPS in the range of $3.22 to $3.32, which represents year-over-year growth of 22% to 25%. 
 Turning to Slide 19. We can see that our expectations for fiscal '22 are very much in line with the growth expectations we provided at our recent Investor Day, and we are accelerating growth in each area. Last, on Slide 20, I want to reiterate that we are well on our way to our '24 targets. 
 With that, operator, we can open up the lines for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research. 
Nigel Coe: So yes, it seems -- thanks to the details on the business performance. It seems that you're outperforming in a few key areas, North America Residential would be one. It seems like the Applied performance was also better than some of the peers we've seen so far. And Performance Contracting kind of stands out as 5 quarters of now double-digit growth. 
 So I'm just wondering if you can maybe touch on those 3 areas in a bit more depth. And the resi, I think you're still more skewed towards independent distribution. So I'd be curious if you could just maybe break out the sell-in, the sell-out performance there? 
George Oliver: Nigel, just for clarification. What was the first comment you made? 
Nigel Coe: Really, it's about -- I mean, if you could just maybe comment on North American Residential performance versus the industry, Applied, high single-digit growth and then Performance Contracting. It feels like you're outperforming your competitors. I'm just wondering if you could maybe just comment on how you feel your market shares are performing. And then just on residential,  if you could just comment on sell-in versus sell-outs in that channel. 
George Oliver: Sure. So if you look at North America, and let's focus on the commercial HVAC market, certainly, this is a very attractive end market. It has long secular drivers that align very well with our core. And as you know, Nigel, we've been investing nicely, reinvesting into our product, and we're -- I think, overall, we're taking share. For the year, we're going to be up about almost 200 basis points. 
 Big focus on energy efficiency and sustainability. And that's supported with not only our industry-leading chillers, but also now with the new rooftops that we're bringing into the market, with low-GWP refrigeration that's driving increased efficiency and driving service. And then we're investing more heavily now in the next-gen air cool technologies, electrification with heat pumps and heat transfer units as well as advanced VRF technology. 
 So as you said, we have had strong performance not only in North America, but across the globe -- across the board. That's also enabling us to be able to create a very nice installed base and get that connected, which drives to longer-term services. And all of this is being enhanced with our digital capabilities with OpenBlue. 
 So specifically in Applied, when you look at the demand for retrofit opportunities driven by healthy buildings and return to work and school, particularly in North America, that was very strong with our controls airside and filtration. A lot of that has been driven by K-12. We also see a strong demand globally for air-cooled chillers in data centers and rental markets as well as industrial heat pumps -- and both chiller -- in our IR portfolios. 
 And so when you look at our orders globally in Applied, it's up 11% globally. North America, when you look at purely equipment, it's up kind of mid-20s, which was very strong, and that's sequentially to a very strong quarter that we had in the third quarter. So overall, we're gaining nice share, as I said, for the year, up almost 200 basis points. 
 Now as it relates to -- on the residential, when we talk about the residential space, we continue to perform very well. When you look at our residential business in ducted, we have a nice, nice backlog. We're up significantly in backlog, and we're continuing to perform well. We've been investing in new products here and ultimately gaining share, and we feel good about that. 
 Now globally, when you look at the overall position that we have globally in residential, we had decent performance in our JCH business, which was up about 4%. And I think, and as we look at that business, we've been gaining share and continuing to perform with the new products that we've been able to bring to market. 
 We -- although Japan was down 11%, we outperformed in that market. You know that, that's a big end market for us. We had strong growth in Europe, which was up about 35%. And as Olivier said, that the China, the Hisense business, the HAPQ is up over 40%. So overall, we feel good about our overall performance in residential. 
Olivier Leonetti: Let me comment also on Performance Infrastructure, Nigel. This is a proxy for what is happening in the market for sustainability. As we put in our opening remarks, orders for this business for the year was growing at 42%. And we are very pleased about how this business is behaving across the globe. We have created a practice now at Johnson Controls fully dedicated to sustainability. And we are very excited by what we can do for our customers on this front, Nigel. 
Operator: The next question will come from Gautam Khanna of Cowen. 
Gautam Khanna: Would love to hear your thoughts on service attach rates sort of this year and what you think the ultimate entitlement is. 40% goes to 50%, does it go to 60%? And if you could just talk through the economics, how that bolsters the margins and the like. So what -- it looks like you're above your plan, so I'm just wondering if we have a new target out there. 
George Oliver: Yes. Let me start. Service has become core to everything we do. We've got an incredible base of service, over $6 billion. We've got about 55% of that recurring, and we're making a lot of progress. Certainly, not only expanding our market coverage, we've been enhancing our technology and now deploying a lot more digital content within the solutions that we provide to our customers. And we've been going after the underserved installed base. 
 With an incredible installed base, we have a material opportunity and, we believe, a competitive advantage now with the technology that we're bringing to really create a lot of value. And it's got a very attractive margin profile, as you know, 2x the company EBITDA margin. And so that all being said, with the investments we've been making, we've been certainly -- not only as we bring new projects to the field, we're getting a lot more connectivity and getting attached PSAs while we've been going after the installed base, which, historically, we had not served. 
 And so this year, with the work that we did, we got that attach rate up to now 40%. We're continuing to make a lot of progress with that installed base. We're committing another 300 to 400 basis point improvement in '22. And that's all tied to -- when you look at the new services that we're bringing to the market, we're bringing 20 new service products and offerings in '22 across our domains, leveraging technology and data insights. 
 And that will enable our customers to not only reach their clean air, fire and security as well as sustainability goals. And that's going to be a big focus for us. We believe, as we laid out the guidance, that we are on track in being able to outperform the market and be able to outperform by roughly 200 to 300 basis points on a go-forward basis. 
Gautam Khanna: Do you have a sense for the upper limit, though, in terms of what that attach rate could get to? 40% goes to 50% goes to 60%, what do you think the upper limit is? 
George Oliver: Yes, we believe -- when you look at our technology and our capabilities to truly now differentiate how all of the equipment that's been installed really differentiating the performance, we have the opportunity to go after all of it. Now that all being said, there's customers that do some of their own self-maintain and the like, but we believe there's going to be an element of service that we can provide to that entire installed base. 
 So we're going to be driving to -- we're attaching on new projects, we're getting a very high attachment. And now going back after the installed base with these service offerings, which are huge value creators, that we have an ability to be able to go after all of that, and we expect it to get to 70%, 80% here over the next few years. 
Olivier Leonetti: The attach rate on new products is indeed very high and very much representative of the quote that George has mentioned, 70%, 80% attached. 
Operator: The next question will come from Josh Pokrzywinski of Morgan Stanley. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski: So first question on supply chain. George, any revenue or orders, for that matter, that got pushed out as a function of what's going on in the market? And then on the kind of bottlenecks that you guys see, does field labor become an issue as we go through '22? 
George Oliver: Yes. Let me start with the first question there. When you look at what we've done here in the last year, given all of the volatility, I would say that our team is operating at top quartile, that we have been able to navigate and be able to stay ahead of the disruption. We've been working closely with our suppliers. We're working closely with our customers. And ultimately, we've been able to deliver on our commitments. 
 And so we're going to stay proactive. We're going to continue to work it. With that all being said, we do believe that, in the quarter, that there was probably an impact of about 1% to 2% on top line as a result of the shortages that hindered our ability to be able to convert all that we could have. But the team, overall, has done a great job working with our suppliers to be able to mitigate the impact and ultimately secure the critical materials. 
 Now as it relates to labor, because of our growth rates and the like, we have had a program management team globally to make sure that we're positioning ourselves to get all of the critical talent that's going to be required to support the growth strategies that we laid out during the Investor Day, which we feel very good about. And so we have been able to stay ahead of the curve in being able to bring on, whether it be the skilled technicians, the technical capability that we need to support OpenBlue, all of the different capabilities to be able to produce. 
 Now with some of the demand, we have been -- we talked a little bit about the accelerated demand in unitary residential and as well as rooftops, we've had -- we've been stretched with capacity. That being said, we have been bringing on new capacity. We just brought on some additional capacity here in the last month, which will help improve our abilities there. But overall, I feel very good, given the volatility and our ability to be able to attract and retain the talent we need, and ultimately work with our suppliers and work with our customers and try to mitigate the impact that we're seeing, both in orders as well as our ability to fulfill because of shortages. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Appreciate that, George. Just a quick follow-up for Olivier. Can you spike out what price and costs are individually in '22? 
Olivier Leonetti: So in '22, the inflation we are planning to have is about 3% to 4%. So for '21, it was about 2%.  The exit rate in '21 was a bit higher, 2% to 3%, but for the full year of '22, 3% to 4%. To answer to your question on price/cost equation, we have now -- we have a great pricing practice at Johnson Controls. I can go into the details if you have another question on this. But we have been, in Q4, price/cost positive, including excess logistics cost in the equation. We have been price/cost positive in the second half, and we are planning to be price/cost positive in '22 as well, including in Q1, Josh. 
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Davis of Melius Research. 
Scott Davis: George, do you mind talking a little bit about this Accenture and Alibaba deal. What exactly are you doing for them? What's the scope? And can it widen out beyond China? Is this some sort of kind of experimental kind of test and if it goes well, you move on? Or I'll just leave it at that and let you address it. 
George Oliver: Yes, Scott. So we talked a lot about this at our Investor Day. When you look at what we're doing with OpenBlue and the technology and the domain and expertise that we bring to buildings and infrastructure, how do we build out our ecosystem. So now when you look at a holistic solution, we have the right technology partners and we have the right go-to-market partners. 
 And so as we've been doing that, we've been working closely with Accenture relative to their capabilities and how we go to market and ultimately driving a full holistic solution around sustainability, and then working locally with Alibaba and working with Daniel Zhang relative to getting the technology required to be fully successful within the China market and being able to serve those customers with our full holistic solutions. 
 So we believe the market opportunity, Scott, is multibillions with what we're going after. It ties to our -- it really ties to our ability to drive decarbonization. And obviously, with that, more healthy buildings and ultimately connected buildings that drive different outcomes within the infrastructure that we built. And so we're very excited with the partnership and, I think, as we deploy our holistic solutions, critical partners in being able to execute. 
Scott Davis: Okay. Helpful. The labor availability issue, has that been much of an issue for you on the install side, George? Is that a risk in '22 increasing? Or is it decreasing risk? 
George Oliver: And so like I said in one of the previous questions, I think we've done really well, Scott, and our ability, I think, with the continued performance of the company, with the exciting strategy that we have in going after these growth vectors and then our ability to be able to really attract the talent that we think is critical to being able to be able to be successful. And so we've had typical challenges here or there. But overall, I've been very impressed with the ability to be able to attract. 
 And we also use, in the install business, to your question on install, we do use contractors or subcontract labor. And we made sure that every step of the way, as contingency, we've got the right labor in place, whether it be our direct labor or through our contracted labor. And so I would tell you that, obviously, this was a, let's say, a risk factor that we saw early, and we've been managing it really well and positioning to be able to continue to deliver on the commitments we've made. 
Olivier Leonetti: An additional point, Scott, our productivity program now, which is ramping and which would impact COGS this year, is also based upon increasing the productivity of our field operation, including the productivity of our engineers. So that program is coming also handy at this point in time and is helping us also to manage those labor availability challenges you have mentioned. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research. 
Jeffrey Sprague: Two from me, if I might. First, just back to service. I just wonder if you could talk a little bit about the, I guess, the phrase I use is calorie count. Not only is the attachment going up, right, but a clear focus here is to add additional services and the like. I just wondered, to what degree that is showing up and what you're putting in your backlog? And what that might portend as we look forward another year or 2? 
George Oliver: Yes. So when you look at -- like I said, this has become a central focus for the entire organization, recognizing that all of the investments we make in products as well as now with OpenBlue, the translation of that, Jeff, is into a solution, into a recurring revenue that ultimately creates more value for our customers and, certainly, we get the return to our service margin rates. 
 And so when you look -- the traditional service business, obviously, that's come back nicely post pandemic. Well, the accelerator now is what we're doing with digital, the new OpenBlue offerings. That all is helping us increase attach rates, and then not only attach rates, but now additional services, taking the intelligence, applying AI and ultimately now delivering these new service offerings. As I said, through 2021, we delivered 15 new service offerings. A lot of those were tied to healthy buildings, sustainability, all of our key growth vectors, and we've been able to build a tremendous pipeline of opportunity that we're now beginning to convert. 
 When you look at service orders, we're up 7% above the 2019 levels, and we see that continuing with that momentum. Because not only is it -- we're getting the core business is coming back, and we're going to continue to maintain that with the traditional service business that we perform. More important now is the conversion of all of the new services on top of that, that has become the accelerator. And so we believe that we're positioned here well to continue to build backlog, to get more of it recurring and, ultimately, with the value that we create, continued very strong margins on that service going forward. 
Jeffrey Sprague: And then I'll take Olivier upon his offer to just elaborate a little bit more on price. It does look like, on a price/cost basis, you are doing a bit better than some of your peers. I just wonder if you could unpack a little bit kind of equipment price versus service price, how you got ahead of the curve. And is one side or the other of that house service versus equipment really driving the equation? And I'll leave it there. 
Olivier Leonetti: Jeff, I'm going to answer to both because, really, the model we have today cover both. So you mentioned that we have executed very well in terms of price/cost. And price/cost is actually one of the, of course, foundation of our operating model. 
 Let me mention a few levers we are using today. One, we have priced projects through last year, anticipating some level of inflations. That's point number one. Point number two, we had modified about 2 years ago our contract agreement to allow us to adjust pricing. For number three, we have identified now, because of our business intelligence, part of the market which are less sensitive to price. Point number four, and George mentioned that today, our offering now provide great value to our customers: decarb, sustainability, indoor air quality. And we offer great ROI for our customers and then price to value. 
 Our backlog is now also shorter, so we can adjust pricing faster. On materials, for a large part of our whole materials today, we have ESG program covering costs for about 6 months. And last but not least, across the enterprise at Johnson Controls, our workforce is incentivized to drive pricing, pricing rate. So as a result to all of this, you end up with the results we have been posting, Jeff. 
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Tusa of JPMorgan. 
Patrick Baumann: This is Pat on for us, Steve. A quick question just on the organic growth path for the year, starting off at mid-single digits in the first quarter and then accelerating to 7% to 9% for the year. Can you talk about the levers there? Just trying to understand the visibility of that. Is it supply chain relief? Is it a ramp in pricing or something else? Just want some color on that, that would be helpful. 
Olivier Leonetti: Right. So in the growth, we have mentioned high single-digit organic growth, pricing is about 3% to 4% in that number. If I decompose the growth by vectors, services is expected to grow 6% to 7%. We mentioned why that is, at length, to some of the questions we had earlier. In terms of install -- install, it's a very strong business, particularly at the back of retrofit. This is a business we expect to see growing at about 6% to 8%. 
 And Global Products, we expect this business to grow in the low teens. It's a strong vector growth for Johnson Controls. Our team is doing great work launching new products. The new products we're going to launch next year is accelerating. We mentioned more than 175. We launched about 150 this year. And the large proportion of those products, a large proportion use heat pump as a key technology. 
 So we believe, today, we have many vectors to grow the enterprise, leveraging also the secular trends impacting this industry: decarbonization, indoor air quality, digitalization of the building space. And we are very excited about what we have in front of us and also what we're building at Johnson Controls, Steve (sic) [ Pat ]. 
Patrick Baumann: I think -- I appreciate the color. What -- I guess what I was really asking is, so first quarter, you're guiding up mid-single digits. The year, you're guiding up 7% to 9%. What drives the ramp from mid-single digits in the first quarter, specifically, to kind of that high single for the year? So you expect growth to ramp through the year? 
Olivier Leonetti: Yes, we do. The vector of growth are going to deliver more sustainability, would drive more of the growth. Service will drive more of the growth. So you see the acceleration of the various work vectors being at play across the year. 
George Oliver: And I'm sure there's still -- and I would say, there's still a little bit of pressure that we -- similar to what we saw in fourth quarter relative to our ability to convert, but again, it's minimal. 
Patrick Baumann: Understood. And then my follow-up is on the -- there's been a lot going on in the portfolio over the last couple of years. So hard to get a read on normal seasonality, but you mentioned it in the slide. So you said first quarter is typically 15%. 
 What do you consider to be normal seasonality for second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter? If we'd get some color on that, that would be helpful in modeling. And I guess, we should assume second quarter is above normal, just like first quarter is, given your first half, second half comments. 
Olivier Leonetti: So it's a very precise question. Typically, the first half as Johnson Controls has represented about 30% of the total year. We believe we'll be in the mid-30s in the first half, considering, by the way, the supply chain constraints we are seeing today or it's factored in that statistic. 
Operator: The next question comes from Julian Mitchell of Barclays. 
Julian Mitchell: Just wanted to touch on incremental margins and sort of operating leverage. So it looks like you're dialing in maybe a mid-20s rate for the year, closer to 20% incrementals for the first quarter. Is the key headwind sort of, for the year, just all about price/cost? Anything else to call out? And maybe help us understand how you see that 40 bps price/cost margin headwind sort of phasing through the year. 
Olivier Leonetti: So you're right, the incremental in the P&L are in the range of mid-20s, so 25%. Adjusted for price/cost, it would be in the 35% range, meaning we are aligned to what we had communicated to you. Our productivity program is intact. We expect to save about -- have a net saving of about $230 million this year, which will flow to the bottom line. And in addition to that, we'll have a 30 basis points improvement in margin. 
 If you look at the phasing, the 40 basis point impact in margin for the year is going to be a bit higher in Q1, slightly higher. And I want to emphasize again, this is important, price/cost, positive in dollar, negative in rate, including also extra freight cost, for example, Julian. 
Julian Mitchell: And then just secondly, maybe switching to the revenue line. Maybe just fill out in a bit more detail the assumptions for organic growth this year. What's underpinning the sort of Fire & Security assumptions versus, say, Commercial HVAC in terms of applied and unitary? That would be helpful, just what you're dialing into that 7% to 9% for those main pieces. 
Olivier Leonetti: So the Commercial HVAC will grow slightly faster than Fire & Security. Fire & Security is going to grow well as well, that's what I anticipate. The reason for this is that Fire & Security, this portfolio is totally part of our digital offering in the context of a smart building solution. 
 So those 2 businesses are going to grow. And you know that as well, Julian, Fire & Security has a very attractive margin profile. And more and more of those devices are actually sensors in the building, allowing us to develop digital twins and the like. 
George Oliver: And Julian, I think it's important to note that on the short-cycle Fire & Security business, it's coming back very nicely. We saw our products business up 9%. We've got great backlogs there. So that's continuing. 
 The field-based business has been a little bit slower on the recovery because they don't -- we don't have the focus on clean air and all of the work we did with our HVAC and a lot of the focus on short term on sustainability. But we see some nice trends here. So through the course of the year, we'll continue to accelerate, but it will be short of where we -- what we see Commercial HVAC to be for the year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Deane Dray of RBC Capital Markets. 
Deane Dray: I just like to follow up on Julian's first question and just make sure I understood Olivier's answer. So on the -- the question is the clarification on underlying margins, EBITDA being 70% to 80% up in fiscal 2022. The cost takeout program, that net of $230 million, that should contribute 90 basis points, if I got the math right. So does that imply the underlying margins are worse? Or is this just an element of conservativeness at the beginning of the year? 
Olivier Leonetti: So you're right. If you factor the impact of the COGS and productivity program is close to 1 point. You will have to factor also Silent-Aire in the equation, which is dilutive in rate. But we see today, net of the price/cost, I've mentioned the 40 basis points, if you do the math, you end up with a margin expansion higher than 100 basis points, 110 to 120. And as I indicated, our margin profile is improving because of the value of our offering, and our productivity program is well on track. 
Deane Dray: All right. That's really helpful. I'm glad you pointed that out. And then second question, George, can you talk about the outcome or performance-based contract growth assumption for 2022? We've seen this ramp pretty impressively from -- I think it was 2% in 2020, 15% at one point in '21. What's the assumption for '22? 
George Oliver: Yes. So as we look at this business, we have a lot of conversion coming from what would have been a conventional business to now incorporating that business into solutions, differentiated solutions. And so as we look at, for instance, the partnership we have with Apollo, and this is a focus on decarbonization and sustainability. We've got a pipeline that we're working that's over $1 billion in how we're going to convert. 
 And now some of this depends on the timing of conversion of orders. But we're making tremendous progress right now working a number of these and working to convert a number of these. So it's hard to say exactly what's going to ultimately come through Performance Contracting and then what we would still gain -- if it were not to be the full solution, what we would gain in our traditional HVAC businesses. 
 But Deane, this is going to be -- when you look at our vectors of growth, decarbonization and sustainability, healthy buildings and then, ultimately, smart buildings, a lot of our go-to-market would be -- we actually deliver an outcome solution. A lot of that will be done long term with -- under Performance Contracting. 
 So we've got a leadership position today with our Performance Contracting business that ultimately has been focused on energy savings. We've expanded that. And now with our go-to-market, we have, I believe, tremendous potential here over the next few years to make this much more significant within the portfolio. But I feel really good about it, and it's going to continue to grow. 
Olivier Leonetti: The pipeline statistic -- Deane, the pipeline statistic we mentioned, this part of the pipeline at Johnson Controls is the one growing the fastest by margin. 
Operator: The next question is from Noah Kaye of Oppenheimer. 
Noah Kaye: Just a capital allocation question. Obviously, you provided a lot of color on the framework at Investor Day. But for 2022, can you first comment on the M&A pipeline strength, whether you're seeing some HVAC consolidation opportunities or other growth opportunities that are interesting? And then excluding any potential M&A, is sort of the default assumption in guidance that substantially all free cash flow is returned to shareholders? 
Olivier Leonetti: So we -- if you look at the free cash flow, so we said that in our prepared remarks, we are very convinced that we are 100%-plus free cash flow conversion company. We had a great performance in '21. Because of this strong free cash flow, we're going to do 2 things: one, grow dividend aligned with earnings; and two, deploy $1.4 billion of buyback in '22, more or less equally distributed among the 4 quarters. 
 On top of that, we believe, as we have said during Investor Day, we will add 1 to 2 points of revenue growth through M&A while staying into our leverage guide of 2% to 2.5%, M&A being focused on services, digital decarbonization mainly. And the pipeline is growing nicely. We have a new team today leading this particular part at Johnson Controls, and we are very pleased with the progress we are making in growing the pipeline. 
Noah Kaye: Perfect, Olivier. And then just as a follow-up on that. With the Silent-Aire acquisition, clearly, you signaled you're able to do more [ sort ] of that size. Can you just comment on whether or not that pipeline is accelerating in terms of flow of inbound inquiries? Should that 1 to 2 points that you expect this year, do you view that as sustainable over a multiyear period? 
George Oliver: Yes. So let me take that. Certainly, this was directly aligned, this acquisition, with our overall capital allocation, M&A strategies, right down the middle, a nice bolt-on. And overall, we're extremely pleased with the progress we're making. This is just a phenomenal opportunity here going forward. The data center market is a $16 billion market. We have 5% share, and we have the opportunity to now leverage our entire footprint now to take advantage in a much bigger way of the global market. 
 And so we see that growth to be very strong going forward. We're continuing to build the pipeline. We're expanding the customer base that we're beginning engagements with and how we innovate and serve their data center needs going forward. And so on a go-forward basis, it's going to be one of the significant growth contributors to the company. 
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to George Oliver for closing remarks. 
George Oliver: Yes. Let me wrap up the call here today. I want to thank everyone, again, for joining our call this morning. As we discussed here this morning, we had a very strong finish to the fiscal year. And certainly, the underlying momentum that we're seeing in our businesses is extremely encouraging. 
 As we enter fiscal 2022, I think it's important to note that the growth accelerators are ramping and are well on our way to achieving our fiscal year '24 targets that we laid out back in September. And we all look forward to continuing our discussion, speaking with many of you soon during the conferences. So on that, operator, that concludes our call. 
Operator: Thank you all for your participation on today's conference call. At this time, all parties may disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Johnson Controls' Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on a listen-only, until the question-and-answer session.  This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'm now going to turn over the call to Antonella Franzen, Vice President, and Chief Investor Relations and Communications Officer.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls' third quarter of fiscal 2021 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentations can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our Web site at johnsoncontrols.com.
George Oliver: Thanks, Antonella, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Let me kick things off with a brief update, spotlighting a few specific areas related to our strategic initiatives. And Olivier will provide a detailed review of Q3 results and update you on our forward outlook. We will leave as much time as possible to take your questions. Let's get started on slide three. Another quarter of solid results, with demand accelerating across most of our end markets as a robust recovery continues to expand. Q3 represents our easiest comparison of the year, but I am encouraged to see the underlying sequential improvement experienced in the first-half continue to accelerate in the third quarter, with many of our businesses back to operating at pre-pandemic volume levels. Non-residential construction markets continue to recover led by the ongoing strength in retrofit activity, tied to demand for healthy building solutions. New construction is also beginning to show signs of stabilization and the inflection in order trends for our longer-cycle project businesses sets us up well as we look to next year and beyond. Our service business has recovered, and we continue to transform this business through our digital service strategy to drive higher levels of recurring revenue and an improved growth profile. This recovery has not been without its challenges. We have managed through significant headwinds related to persistent supply chain disruptions, component shortages, labor constraints, and continued inflation. While these dynamics have created some revenue pressure which will continue near-term, the pace and composition of order growth in the quarter provides confidence that we will remain on track over the medium and long-term.
Olivier Leonetti: Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. Continuing on slide eight, organic sales accelerated in Q3 of 15% of all in line with the guidance we provided last quarter as growth in global products and our field businesses accelerated. The strength in global products was across the board from continued high level of demands in residential end markets including both our Global HVAC equipment and security products due to the anticipated rebound in commercial HVAC and fire and security. Segment EBITA increased 21% versus the prior-year and segment EBITA margin expanded 30 basis points to 16.2%. Better leverage on higher volumes, the benefit of our SG&A actions and strong execution more than offset the significant headwind from the reversal of temporary cost reductions and a modest headwind from negative price costs. EPS of $0.83 increased 24%, benefiting from higher profitability as well as a lower share count. On cash, we had another strong quarter, free cash flow in the quarter was $735 million flat versus the prior-year despite the planned up tick in CapEx. I'll give you further details of our performance later in the call.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  Our first question comes from Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning everybody.
George Oliver: Morning, Joe.
Antonella Franzen: Morning, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: So, maybe just starting off I just wanted to maybe just talk about the cost pressures, and talk about inflation and how that impacted the business this quarter. And also, just thinking about what's embedded for the temporary cost actions as we head into 4Q, how much does that step down from 3Q into 4Q, clearly recognizing that there was a pretty big headwind this year from the furloughs reversal?
George Oliver: Yes, Joe, let me take that, and then I'll turn it over to Olivier to give you some additional color or a year-on-year basis. When you look at the year, the way that we set up the year and made sure that we were anticipating the inflationary pressures and ultimately making sure that we're driving the proper level of price, as well as continuing to drive productivity, we've built that into our model. And so every step through the year we've been staying ahead on pricing, and we've been ultimately driving additional productivity to offset some of these headwinds. And I would say from pricing standpoint, over the last couple of years we've built a lot of strong strategic capability across our businesses. And that has played out extremely well during this period of time. And so, with the inflationary environment, we knew that that was going to be a challenge in the second-half, and we anticipated that. And there's -- we probably have about two points of price flowing through the top line, which given the timing of that, that has created some headwind here in the third quarter. But with the work that we've done here, we're going to be set up still to be able to continue to deliver on the 80 or 90 basis points of margin expansion for the year. And so, I think the team has done an incredible job from where -- when we first set the year up, and then ultimately how we've executed; we've executed extremely well. Olivier?
Olivier Leonetti: No, absolutely. Good morning, Joe. So, at a high level, we mentioned this. So, 30 basis points of EBITA margin increase in the quarter. We had the impact of Silent-Aire for about 10, so it's a 40 basis point increase in Q3. Going through some of the elements, you asked specifically about productivity. The impact of our temporary actions from last year net of our ongoing productivity program is about 160 basis points in the quarter. If you look at price costs, the impact in Q3 is around 40 basis points. We believe we will be in price cost positive for the second-half. So, of course, Q4 would be positive. And last piece of your question, the headwind from temporary actions in OpEx net of our ongoing productivity actions. In Q4, the impact would be about 50 basis points negative. So we are positing improvement in margin rates despite two major headwinds which are temporary in nature. And we feel good about our ability to keep improving the profitability of Johnson Controls.
Joe Ritchie: That's very helpful and clear, thank you. And then maybe just my follow-on question. I know that you probably don't want to preview too much exactly what we'll hear on September 8. But if you could give us any kind of color on how you're planning to organize the virtual Investor Day and the key topics that you'll be focused on?
George Oliver: Yes, Joe, I mean we're setting that up very much in line with the strategy that we've communicated with all of our key growth vectors in how we're, not only reinvesting in products and technology, OpenBlue, but also making sure that with that we're positioned to be able to capitalize on big growth vectors as we build out our digital services, as we capitalize on the trends in decarbonization, as we capitalize on the significant market that's being developed with healthy buildings, and then making sure that that is coming together in supporting the core, because at the end of the day we have a unique position here with the combined portfolio to truly lead the future buildings, as we're thinking about healthy buildings, not only healthy people, healthy places, healthy planet. And so that'll be core to the strategy. And then supporting all of that will be all of the strategic priorities that we're executing on operationally that ultimately delivers on acceleration of growth and above market growth, while we're continuing to deliver best-in-class as far as margins and being able to close the gap that we've had there through our   programs. But we're extremely excited about the progress we made, and really looking forward to laying that out in detail, on September 8.
Joe Ritchie: Great, thank you. Look forward to it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning, guys.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning, Josh.
Olivier Leonetti: Morning.
Josh Pokrzywinski: So, Olivier, thanks for all the color there on some of the margin drivers in 4Q. I know price cost is always a bit of a moving target, and it seems like you're getting on top of that. So, I guess it leaves net productivity as maybe the biggest factor for getting all those actions to drop to the bottom line and the overall EBITA leverage. But when does that 50 basis points of net headwind kind of split more acutely, either based on the comparison for the temporary items or just the productivity deck ramping up?
Olivier Leonetti: So, thank you for your question. The main impact of the headwinds is in Q3, by a wide margin. And that's true, by the way, for the full fiscal year. And our ongoing productivity actions have an equal weight in Q3 and in Q4.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. And then, George, a question for you just on kind of the overall cadence of demand or mix of drivers here, I think across the building space there is this pretty heavy cocktail with cyclical recovery and some of the secular drivers that you talk about, whether it's IQ or building efficiency infrastructure, all that. It does seem like there's some order momentum. But when do we see these tailwinds kind of stack up where you get the cyclical and secular at the same point? Like do you think that those can actually overlap or the secular stuff maybe takes a little bit longer?
George Oliver: Hey, Josh, let me say that in all the time that I've been in these businesses, I've never seen as fast of a recovery to get back to where we were as I've seen with this cycle. And if you look at why that's true with our business, the general macro conditions continue to improve, although they're not linear across all the regions, as Olivier laid out. We're seeing continued momentum in construction-related indicators, and that's beginning to accelerate. So, we're actually seeing that come through. And that's supported by ABI continuing to be very strong. Dodge construction starts are improving sequentially. And what we're seeing is, we're very active in the earlier shorter-cycle projects, which is really outperforming right now. And for us, a lot of that is focused on healthy buildings. And that's been really critical to how we filled in our backlog through the course of the year. Retrofit right now in these smaller term projects continue to ramp. In North America, they were up year-on-year or up over 30%. And so that has been a big driver of our install business and when Olivier talked about our backlog, we were up, we've got a record backlog, we're up 7%, and so, as you play out fourth quarter, we don't see any slowdown. And so as we begin to set up '22, that is where we've had a lot of the pressure here in '21. And that's come back nicely. You can go through different verticals that are driving that healthcare, education, some of the datacenters, we're seeing good activity there, real estate is coming back, and so, I think overall, when you ask about the cycle, this not only the short cycle demand, as well as the longer cycle, and then with services with now these new demands and new outcomes that our customers are looking for, we have an incredible opportunity now, as we're digitizing our existing service business to now take the new technologies, and to be able to create new outcomes, which ultimately has given us a recurring revenue stream. And that is another dimension that we didn't have before, as we get into more of a change in the market and being positioned to be able to now capitalize on those changes.
Olivier Leonetti: Let me give you, Josh, some additional statistics, we gave some of those in our prepared remarks. So what is the performance about the decarb market, right? It's a market we believe, which is good to be around $250 billion of hopefully, over the next 10 years. If you look at the best proxy for this at Johnson Controls, it's our performance infrastructure contract. This business is year-to-date growing at about 15%, last year this business was growing 2%, so it's really a business which is taking altitude, on the indoor air quality, if you pass in install or the growth between retrofit and new, in the retrofit which is a byproduct of indoor air quality, the older growth was in the quarter 29%, close to 30% on the two year stack, plus 10%. And we said that last quarter, we see this retrofit really accelerating it is and we said we are starting to see an inflection point in new build, we said that last quarter, it's happening this quarter, new build install up 16 in the quarter, then you speak about services, and George mentioned some of the statistics already, so we have clear indicators that were getting traction.
Q  Josh Pokrzywinski: Thank you both for all the color. Really appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. Better saying about the virtual thing for September 8, I was actually looking forward to coming to Milwaukee. So that's understandable, I guess.
Olivier Leonetti: We were also looking forward to it, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Then the Delta variants. So, this one is just to kind of putting down the APAC margins because it seems to me I understand the temporary cost kind of comments, but it does feel like there's a bit of a mix issue as well. I'm just wondering, is that China growth primarily, you did call out country mix there and thinking about the price costs, Olivier you mentioned price cost was, this is the toughest quarter from price cost perspective. Did that hit more in APAC than other regions just as curious there?
Olivier Leonetti: So you're right, Nigel, two impacts for APAC. One country mix China particularly on the one and point number two also, the actions we took last year to reduce our OpEx base. It's difficult to read the quarter because of those phenomenons, you have data impacting APAC, you have data impacting also North America. Structurally, the margin profile of the business is improving across the portfolio. That includes also the regions Nigel, net of those one-off.
George Oliver: Nigel, there is a little bit of mix there across the region where we've had continued pressures there with volumes, that's playing through there, but that's beginning to come back also, as we see kind of our Japan business and the business that we have in Hong Kong, and the like, so there's some mix there also.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thanks, George. And then, on OpenBlue, the patent filings are very encouraging? How do we measure OpenBlue success momentum from an external perspective, is it really just the cadence on installations and services, are there other metrics that you can call out to give us a sense on how we're progressing here?
George Oliver: Yes, let me frame it up for you, Nigel, OpenBlue now is being incorporated, we're leveraging OpenBlue with all of our services, we're getting all of our installations connected, being able to now extract all of the critical data, and then apply AI and analytics to that data to create new outcomes. And then if you advance forward, that not only doing it with the core business, but now as we're building out new capabilities across all of our digital platforms, and bringing them all together into one architecture. I talked about Vijay Sankaran coming on board, we've been able to bring Vijay in and he's got an incredible reputation, and the ability now to be able to take all of what we've done and really put that together. So, not only it enhances our core, but it accelerates the pipeline of digital content that is ultimately now being deployed in everything we do and so a good metric is when you look at our digital revenues, our digital revenues today, we don't segment that but if you were to look at all of our digital revenues, we're up strong double-digits across all of our, whether it be our platforms, indoor, through our digital services. And so another way to look at it is when you look at our pipeline, so as we were building pipeline across all three regions is a much more significant digital content that's being now built into solutions that we're deploying, because we're now differentiating the value that we're bringing to our customers with new offerings. And so, that pipeline is well over, I think we've talked about this in previous quarters is now a well over a $1 billion going forward. So those are the ways you kind of look at how it's being deployed, and the amount of impact that it's having, not only on decarb, but now as we look to really lead what I would call autonomous buildings of the future, which is a little bit more forward-looking, we'll have all of the pieces that come together to be able to now support these big outcomes, and Olivier said it, decarbonisation is going to be a $240 billion market, helping buildings is $10 billion to $15 billion and the digital content is what enables us to bring leadership solution to that. And so, as we invent smart buildings will be a little bit longer-term. But we showed some examples today, we're deploying OpenBlue not only takes all of our core, enhances our core, but then positions us to be able to get incremental revenue above that.
Nigel Coe: Thanks, George. I'll leave at there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just two from me, could we drill in a little bit on actually kind of what's going on in your resi and light commercial business and maybe some production or supply chain disruptions there you characterized resi as kind of in line with your expectation, but market look like it was stronger than that in the quarter. So give us a little bit of color on what's going on in that business. And do you have the ability to maybe uncork some more volume at your facilities there?
George Oliver: Jeff, so when you look at our light commercial, it includes not only the light commercial unitary rooftops, it also includes VRFs and we said earlier, VRF we're continuing to perform extremely well. When you look at the unitary business, we've been launching new products. So we've got a product lineup now of three new product launches, we've been expanding the capacity with those launches. And now with this strong recovery, we've been working to keep up with the recovery of the market. Our orders, when you look at our orders in that space, we're up about 75%, so we didn't get the pull through here during the quarter, but we're continuing very strong with the new products that we've launched, and we've got a backlog that that now is up three times from what it was a year-ago. So, a lot of this is just the cycle time of conversion, and well, we're continuing to expand the capacity for the new products that we've launched.
Jeff Sprague: Understood. And maybe you could give us a little update on Silent-Aire now that you own it, obviously you haven't owned it for long, but kind of initial customer response, how you will plan to pull the business around the globe? Any change in customer behavior or anything like that since you took the keys to the asset?
George Oliver: Yes, Jeff, so, let me comment on that. I mean, I couldn't be more excited. As things have opened up, I've also had the opportunity to visit our Silent-Aire team and a couple of sites out in Phoenix here recently. And I couldn't be more excited about how this is going to fit in to our portfolio and aligned to our priorities. And so, when you look at this, it's bolt-on technology. It's filling out white space that we didn't have capability in. It also enables us to be able to build out and increase install base where we haven't had a significant level of service there, but there's tremendous opportunity to build service on top of those offerings. And then the whole digital content being able to take what they do so well working with all of the datacenter operators that really is innovative. It takes the technology. It configures the technology in a way that truly differentiates how they work with each of these datacenter operators. And now you throw digital into that. It really becomes a game-changer. And so, I believe that, as we look at datacenters and how we're going to be able to leverage this, not only with the Silent-Aire capability, but also with the core -- our core capabilities, I couldn't be more excited. Now with any integration and the like, there is a lot of work, but having been with the team and really taken a pulse on where we are, that's going to play out really nicely for us.
Olivier Leonetti: One additional color on your first question on resi, in North America we have been at capacity from a manufacturing standpoint now for a few months, few quarters. And we are adding capacity at the start of our fiscal year so -- as very soon and we believe we're going to be able them to change that trajectory. We are adding a fair amount of capacity, actually.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thank you for that color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Deane Dray of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
George Oliver : Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray: I start up with a question with Olivier. The performance on trade working capital is pretty impressive in a quarter when many of your peers are needing to add lots of buffer inventory and you kind of see the trading capital moving against you. I did see inventory was up $7 million, but could you talk us through where it stands today, just overall trade working capital and how you're navigating through this period.
Olivier Leonetti: Deane, thank you for your question. So, a remarkable performance and trade working capital, 11% of revenue in the quarter, we were at about 13.5% same quarter a year ago. All the leavers are actually playing in our favor. Let me speak now in term of days. So DSO up -- down nine days year-on-year is structural. We have now in place a strong mechanic to really do a good job on DSO. That's a structural improvement and we have not reached our best game here. If you look at DPO improvement year-on-year by about four days, again structural, we have various programs in place to make our DPO even better for Johnson Controls. And last one in term of inventory also good job. That's byproduct also of strong demand. So some of the inventory improvements, so, it's 15 days in total, is structural, some of it is temporary, but we feel good about the free cash flow generation of the company. We said before, Deane, that we were 100% free cash flow organization would be at 105 including restructuring. So really the run rate is in 115 and we feel strong about cash flow generation in our company, Deane.
Deane Dray: Well, that's all great to hear and it's such a difference between where the company was a couple of years ago on working capital management, free cash flow and being comfortably above 100% is -- congrats to the team there. And then, just second question for George, just put this net zero building as a service that you're highlighting today, put it in context, it's encouraging to see a SaaS business being added to this, but where does it stand in the priority stack in terms of, let's say, indoor air quality. And are there any regulatory oversight that's going to come into the industry on how these calculations are being made because obviously this feeds into each of your customers' ESG rankings and so forth. There's a lot of focus on it. Just how does this all develop from here?
George Oliver: So, Deane, let me start with healthy buildings indoor air quality because that's front and center as we sit here today because of the significant demand. And as I said, we've sized that market up to be $10 billion to $15 billion double-digit CAGR. We have secured well over $300 million to date and we have a pipeline that's well over $1 billion that we're working on. And that has been continuing to accelerate because of the reopening and return to work plans and the like. And a key space for us within healthy buildings is K-12. We've got an incredible position within schools, across 6,000 school districts, across the U.S. and as well as 1,900 higher ed. So, overall, it's been our ability to be able to not only from a pure equipment -- doing a pure equipment upgrade, it's really taken the combined capabilities that we have within a building that ultimately then creates the best outcome as you think about healthy buildings or indoor air quality. So, that is front and center today. When you think about decarbonization sustainability, we've been in that space for years with our performance contracting business. And really that business has been focused on reducing energy consumption, reducing the carbon footprint. Now with the commitments that have been made pretty broadly now to get to zero net carbon emissions, the capabilities that we can bring now without just a one narrow solution, we can bring a full solution to a building that enables us not only to optimize the equipment, but how the equipment operates within that building with the occupants that ultimately then creates the best outcome, which is ultimately reducing energy and achieving the decarbonization goals. We believe over the next decade, this will build into a $240 billion market, and that's above the $300 plus-billion market that we serve today. And I think when you look at our -- now -- not only the products and the building systems that now we have brought together, and now when you layer on OpenBlue and in the digital capabilities, it is what is required to get to the best outcome as you're looking to make a building most efficient and then with the remaining demand, how do you drive towards renewables as far as supply. So that is going to play out a little bit longer-term, Deane, but a very attractive space for us.
Deane Dray: Terrific. I bet we'll hear more about that on September 8 too. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Tusa of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hi, good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Hi. On the services revenue growth of 11%, I think it was -- what do you -- how do you kind of see that going forward? I know there's like -- it's kind of a confluence of events of comps being a little bit easier, but also some momentum and kind of your initiatives. How do we think about kind of that growth rate into the next 18 months, 18 to 24 months?
George Oliver: Yes, we've talked a lot about this, Steve; we've made incredible progress here in taking our $6 billion business. And then as we look at how we can fundamentally differentiate that business and it's pretty simple. For us we believe that when we deploy our digital capability with our core capability and get everything connected, that in itself is going to be a big uplift and we're seeing that. We're now up to -- we made the 400 basis points of improvement on attach. And so everything we deploy, we attach and then we get a contract and then the ability to differentiate the type of services that we ultimately perform with the data that is extracted from the systems that we deploy to optimize the overall operation. So that with the increased installed base, the attach, the additional, and then now as we think about some of these new opportunities with healthy buildings, and decarbonization, all of those converge into our ability to be able to deliver, as we've committed 200 to 300 basis points above the market. And I think as some of these trends continue to accelerate, I think there's opportunity beyond that. And so, a lot of it is the connection, the additional services, utilizing data, the retention of customers, and creating outcomes that historically haven't been achieved, because they're more of a mechanical service versus a digital service.
Steve Tusa: Got it. And then, just on your order, as you mentioned like commercial orders being up a lot. What were the applied orders up in the quarter for your applied equipment?
George Oliver: Yes, so when you look at our commercial HVAC business Steve, I'm extremely pleased with the performance that we've seen. It's a combination of the new products that we've continue to launch. And we're gaining share when seeing that pretty much across the board. And then we're also what's enabling this connectivity is we're embedding technology within the product that enables us to easily connect preservers for the long-term service. How that plays out? The orders we're better than 20% globally. For the quarter broad base across all three regions, I think Oliver said that in North America applied equipment, as part of the overall 21% increase was up over 50%. So we feel really good about the backlog we've built and how that's going to play out. And then the continued pipeline that we're seeing build that we're positioning to be able to go after. So that has played out from a revenue standpoint was high single-digits, we're pretty much across the region seeing growth -- varying levels of growth across all three regions. But Steve, that is a strength for us, and I think as we look at our strategies not only within the equipment, but then the ability to be able to build a base for service with connectivity, we're really going to be positioned well.
Steve Tusa: Right. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Davis of Melius Research. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning, guys.
George Oliver: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis: Just and most of my questions have been answered. But just to clarify a couple things. I mean, when you talk about being kind of on the right side of price versus cost in by 4Q. Is that material, labor and logistics or more just kind of material side of it?
George Oliver: It's mainly material, which is the big headwinds we are looking at. So if you look at for example, copper and aluminum, the pricing had declining. Steel is still up, but with steel mills starting to catch up, the lead time has been reduced by 75%. And if you look at some of the analyst's report on this important commodity, analysts are predicting that the price of steel by December so it's not very soon should be about to go down significantly. So we believe that the worst is behind us in commodity.
Scott Davis: Okay. And I know, I mean, your fire and security business is a little bit more labor intensive than the HVAC side and the install. Are there labor shortages that concern you? Do you feel like you've got the capacity to be able to handle ever rising orders here?
Olivier Leonetti: Yes, Scott, we were anticipating that we're going to have challenges as the recovery started to heat up and recover. So we've had what we call PMOS pretty much requires all of our key markets that and solely focused on labor and making sure that we're getting more than our fair share, as far as labor and I would tell you at our manufacturing sites, at our in the field with the work that we've done. We talked a little bit about that in my prepared remarks with the different programs that we've launched to be real attractive to technicians in the light coming to work for our company. So what I would say here today, although we've had as we've ramped up, it's been a significant ramp up. We've certainly had some pressures Scott, but I feel very good about the progress we made and where we are to be able to continue to support the recovery and ultimately the growth that we're projecting.
George Oliver: And stating the obvious, our guide includes, obviously consider the current environment.
Scott Davis: Yes, now understood. Thank you. Good luck, guys.
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you.
George Oliver: Thanks Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from Julian Mitchell of Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to follow-up on the margin point, so just wants to clarify, I think Olivier you've talked about a sort of 40% baseline incremental in the medium-term leaving aside portfolio changes. So just wanted to make sure sort of your confidence in that figure amidst the current cost environment, and also, when we look very short-term at the Q4 margin, by segment do we expect broadly similar trends to hold as you just saw in Q3?
Olivier Leonetti: Julian, thank you for your question. So, we feel confident about our ability to meet our productivity goals, our programs now are well on track. SG&A, we start to deliver on those and we're slightly ahead. COGS will have mainly an impact next fiscal, we are very pleased with where we are, and what we said before is the $550 million of net drop of profit to the bottom line. We still are very bullish about this. And our ability to do achieve 40% incremental over the next two years, we feel bullish about this as well, based upon where we are. Again, we talk about some of the trends going on commodity and labor, we gave a lot of colors and commodity. We believe we will be able to achieve the goals. We have mentioned in productivity with those despite those trends in commodity and labor.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much. And then just when you're thinking about the sort of fire and security field business, realize that JCI's approach is to have a sort of a broad offering, the services pulling through the product. Clearly have seen peers sort of have a somewhat different view, most recently, demerging an F&S field business from products for example. Maybe help us understand George, how substantial or significant do you think those revenue synergies are from having a strong F&S field business sort of pulling through on the product side. And helping you perhaps, build up that that service activity as well?
George Oliver: Sure, so let's look at fire and security in the quarter. Although it was a little bit lagging, the recovery has come back really strong not only in our products being up over 30%. But now converting with new installs in the field and building backlog and then recognize that with that backlog, with that installed base that we create. It does been on a very attractive service. And so when you look at your question, how do we compare to the others and ultimately, strategically how this contributes to our growth? When you look at our fire and security field business, it's about $7 billion in revenue, and it's one of our highest margin views in our portfolio. And then when you look at fire and security products, that's another roughly $2 billion. And then with this installed base is what ultimately spins out a very attractive, what I would say more traditional service business. And now as we think -- as we go forward it's going to ultimately then be much more digital and be contributing to not only the fire and security aspect, but also to the overall smart building aspect of the building. So it is going to be an important part of the overall ability to be able to now capitalize on these big trends. We talked about decarbonization, we talked about healthy buildings. And so when you look at ours compared to others, there are some similarities there. There are major differences. I think you need to look at the geographic mix, the product and solution mix, the customer mix. I would say that we have a significant advantage when it comes to scale, and overall portfolio maturity. And then, as I said, I really if you look at the future and the ability to be able to now take all of the multiple systems within a building and bring those together into one architecture with one data platform that enables, it ultimately longer-term enables an autonomous building. But as we step away from where we are today to where were we go, we should see incremental growth as that begins to transform. And so, I truly believe the work that we've done and how it's been integrated and how it's enabling not only services or service. Being able to deliver a service growth above market, as well as being able to really capitalize on what we see to be accelerating trends in our space, it does become a competitive advantage.
Julian Mitchell: Great, thank you.
George Oliver: All right, Operator, then we will close up the call. I want to thank everyone for joining our call this morning. And as I mentioned earlier, we've had a very strong third quarter, and the momentum that we are seeing across our portfolio in key verticals coupled with our strategic focus and improved execution gives me high confidence in our ability to keep outperforming. As we move forward, we look forward to speaking to many of you, and hope to see you virtually at our Investor Day that's coming up on September 8. So, on that, Operator, that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may now disconnect at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-04-30 10:32:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Johnson Controls Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on a listen-only, until the question-and-answer session. . This conference is being recorded. And if you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Antonella Franzen, Vice President, Chief Investor Relations and Communications Officer.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls second quarter of fiscal 2021 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentations can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our Web site at johnsoncontrols.com. 
George Oliver: Thanks, Antonella, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on todays call. I will start with a brief strategic update while adding a few specific areas related to our growth initiatives. Olivier will provide a detailed review of Q2 results and update you on our forward outlook. We will leave as much time as possible to take your questions.  Let's get started on Slide 3. We delivered another quarter of solid financial performance. Organic sales and order growth reflected positive as anticipated, which when combined with our ongoing commitment to operational excellence enabled us to grow EBIT by more than 20% year-over-year.  Despite some challenges in the macro environment, inflationary pressures, supply chain disruptions, and the lingering impacts of COVID-19, trends across most of our end markets continue to improve, and we continue to gain share.  We have maintained an incredible level of engagement with our teams globally, as well as with our customers and partners. And we continue to execute on all of our strategic initiatives; expanding our service attachment rate and driving higher recurring revenue, enhancing and connecting our installed base with our digital OpenBlue platform and advancing our role in addressing the environmental needs of our customers.  Lastly, as promised, we are announcing our cost of goods reduction program on today's call, which targets $250 million in run rate savings by fiscal 2023. In combination with the SG&A actions we announced earlier this quarter, we expect to deliver $550 million in net savings, which provides significant margin expansion over the next several years. These actions are a testament to our commitment of continuous improvement and will enable us to close our margin gap versus peers. 
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, George, and good morning, everyone. Continuing on Slide 10, organic sales inflected positive as anticipated in Q2 at 1% overall with strong growth in global products and underlying trends improving across our field businesses. The strength in global products was driven by continued high levels of demand in residential end markets, not only in our HVAC equipment business but also in security products. 
Operator: Thank you. . And our first question is from Nigel Coe, Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
George Oliver: Good morning, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: This has been a strange quarter for . So yes, first of all, just want to touch on the COGS and SG&A actions. I'd be curious, what prompted the sort of the second round of efficiency programs and what prompted the review? And is it a case of having lived through COVID and remote working that you've found more efficient ways of doing things in the case of Olivier coming in and having a fresh look? I mean what prompted these actions?
Olivier Leonetti: So, Nigel, good morning. Thank you for your question. After the merger -- following the merger, we created the conditions to go to another level of profitability improvement. And when I started, George asked us to now look at levers to close the productivity gap to our competition. So that was the driving force. And that was communicated, Nigel, about seven months ago. So we have been -- and we said we will go and update you as plans are unfolding. So first was SG&A. And today is our COGS plan. And as you can see from the numbers, Nigel, we believe we are going to add significant profit to the bottom line and we are well on track to close the gap to our competitors.
George Oliver: And, Nigel it's really a continuation of the work that we did with the integration. We've got strong fundamentals now across the board. We've got the right leadership team. And then the work that we've been doing, we recognize that there's a significant opportunity to continue to improve. And what we've done as a team is be able to  to be able to detail that, and then we're very confident that we're going to be positioned to be able to deliver on those benefits.
Nigel Coe: Great. Thanks, George. Thanks, Olivier. And then service orders down 3%. So I recognize the backlog is up. So maybe just talk about what caused that decline? Just given the initiatives you have in train  to drive growth in services. And I heard transactional was within a bit of pressure in North America. But what is your confidence that orders start to impact positive from here?
George Oliver: Nigel, as you know, we have an incredible base of service, over $6 billion. And what I would say here, with the service strategies that we've been executing, I'm incredibly proud of the progress we've made. It's one of our biggest growth sectors. It's being able to increase market coverage, enhance technology with OpenBlue, create new service capabilities, really now being able to leverage the underserved install base, and then ultimately deliver very attractive margin profile. When you look at the quarter, service orders were down slightly. And it's mainly just timing of conversion. We had an extremely strong March, which is continuing in April. Our service pipeline is up double digits. And then with the site access improving, that's also helping us to accelerate our L&M and our L&M contracts, which is labor and materials. And for our attach rate, when you look at our attach rate for service with our install projects is up significantly, up 300 basis points year-to-date. And so when you look at our backlog up 5%, the strong pipeline, and then the work that we've done executing on our strategy, we're very well positioned for a strong double digit second half in both orders and revenue.
Nigel Coe: Thanks, George. Ill leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Your line is open.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. George, I wanted to ask in your opening remarks, I think you talked about supply chain constraints and wanted you to expand on that. And just did it actually prevent you guys from delivering equipment in the quarter, maybe if you have any sort of quantification of how that manifested in first quarter results. And then I have a follow up.
George Oliver: Yes, Gautam, our team is doing incredible work across our supply chain as we're working to be able to support what we see to be an accelerating pipeline of opportunities across our businesses. Were gaining share in every platform. And so as we're working to make sure that we've got secured components and materials to be able to support that new demand, certainly we're working it hard. I believe that our team has done a good job to mitigate most of the impact. I think where were seeing significant demand in residential, unitary as well as commercial unitary product, we're continuing to work that and not only expand our supply chain, but also our manufacturing footprint. And so we're working through that. Our backlogs are up in those businesses are record highs. And so we are working to continue to accelerate our supply chain to be able to address and support the increasing demand. But overall, I'm very proud of the team and the work we've done to be able to support our customers and ultimately deliver on the product that's being demanded.
Gautam Khanna: And just as a follow up, George, any quantification of specific IAQ orders that you guys have in the quarter and perhaps any color on the front log of opportunities that are in IAQ specific? Thank you.
George Oliver: Yes. When you look at the progress we're making with OpenBlue across the board, not only digitizing our core business but now being able to -- with the data that's being extracted and the solutions that now we're bringing to the market, truly now positioning us to capitalize on these significant accelerating trends. So when you look at healthy buildings, our OpenBlue Healthy Buildings launched in mid January with a solution portfolio of over 25 unique products and services, which is targeted at healthy people, places, planet. The market opportunity continues to grow. We originally sized it at $10 billion to $15 billion, and that continues to increase. Our pipeline is nearing $1 billion. Year-to-date, we've secured over $150 million. We expect this to continue to play through with a few 100 million in 2021. We've partnered with schools. We've got an incredible base of business with K-12 schools. We're working closely where we have presence with over 6,000 districts. We're working with sports venues and the like to bring back people to sports events. And so when you look at what we're doing, it's really a robust approach that ultimately starts with a detailed assessment, and then through monitoring, remote maintenance and optimization that we can do, ultimately driving the best solution. And so we're extremely excited. And then lastly, with OpenBlue in general, across the board, it's really translating to multiple elements. It's improving our service attach rates. It's improving profitability in our businesses with the book margins that we're booking. It's making us more competitive now in the overall smart buildings with our leadership and sustainability and decarbonization, which I talked a little bit about in my prepared remarks. And then the overall acceleration of digitization within our existing service base through connectivity, going back and getting our install base connected, is giving us an incredible platform now to become much more intimate with our customers and bring our new capabilities to really change the game and how we serve them.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
George Oliver: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Good morning. Two questions for me. First one, it looks like you're telling us you're going to absorb these cash restructuring costs and still convert at 100% free cash flow conversion. I just want to confirm that's the case. And if so, what's really allowing you to do that? I guess it has to be working capital. And if it is, maybe you could elaborate a little bit more on the working capital opportunity that's bridging you across that.
Olivier Leonetti: Good morning, Jeff. So you're right. The 100% free cash flow will include both the restructuring cash impact of our SG&A and COGS programs announced today. You're right. More profit will be part of how we get there and also enhanced working capital. If you look at today, for the second quarter, we have improved cash conversion cycle by about 24 days; eight in DSO, about 11 days in DIO inventory and about five days in DPO. And we have built over the quarters even before I took the position, a great machine to have a high focus on working capital. And you see that keep delivering. And we are actually very confident in our ability to deliver a 100% free cash flow this year, but also the following years. If you do some math, Jeff, just in the first half, we are converting at 140%. So we have quite fair headroom to now achieve 100% for the year.
Jeff Sprague: Great. And then maybe secondarily, just on the COGS program, the mix of savings are interesting. I guess if I was going to feel the guess of where the costs would come out, I would have surmised maybe more in manufacturing and distribution and less so in field labor. I wonder if you could just kind of address the manufacturing and distribution piece. It looks like you've got a $3.2 billion cost base there if I'm interpreting the chart right and you're targeting $70 million of savings there. I guess these plans might not be fully mature after a kind of a seven-month exercise, but would there be kind of more room in some of these numbers as you look forward?
Olivier Leonetti: So a few things. We said it. I'm going to repeat it. Those savings are net. Meaning they would flow to the bottom line. If you look at the mix, our team has done a great job in managing direct materials over the few quarters and we think now the biggest opportunity, that's why we have announced the numbers we have announced are in the standardization of our field operation across all the elements of field operation; install, services and procurement. Now the other question was, is there more possible? That's, of course, the case. We want to be prudent. And we keep informing you as we go through the quarters, but we have a high level of confidence in our ability to execute this COGS program.
George Oliver: And, Jeff, I think it's important to note that as we went through the integration, we developed a robust operating system for the field, which enables us to be able to take all of what we do to put into that one operating system. And then would that globally be able to focus on the variation at each one of the cost levels, and be able to drive improvement. So the work that we've done is we actually have that detail to that level across the board and how we're driving improvement within that operating system for our field-based businesses.
Jeff Sprague: Great, thanks. Very encouraging. Good luck.
George Oliver: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Scott Davis with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
George Oliver: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis: Im curious kind of logistically and otherwise what an outcome-based contract really looks like? Are you defying getting cash in the door? How long does it take to kind of prove the outcome that you're promising? Can you walk us through at a high level without giving away your trade secrets here or contract secrets, but can you walk us through at least at a high level what a contract like that looks like? I'll just leave it at that, George.
George Oliver: Yes. So, Scott, it's similar to our performance contracting that we have today where we ultimately do a survey of a customer site. We identify opportunities to be able to reduce energy, improve operations and the like. And when we do that, there's significant improvement to be made. Buildings historically have been very inefficient. They've been very energy intensive. And so our opportunity here is to be able to create an outcome, energy savings, higher operations, and then do that. In some cases, we bring in financing for the project, and ultimately then get a recurring revenue that goes over. It can be over 10, 15, 20 plus years depending on the type of projects. These are great returns, great recurring revenue that's tied to that initial install project, and ultimately delivering on the outcome. And our track record in being able to deliver on the commitments that we make with these types of contracts is extremely high. So we do manage a bit of risk, but it's relatively low and we ultimately make sure that with the technologies and capabilities that we provide, that we deliver on the outcome that we commit. Olivier?
Olivier Leonetti: One statistic, Scott, and we haven't disclosed this before. If you look at the energy saving performance market in the U.S., which is a 4 billion market, the company has a market share which is 50% higher than our number two competitor. So we have a strong position in the energy saving outcome-based market, and we believe that we're going to leverage this capability going forward as buildings decarbonize across the planet.
George Oliver: Scott, I think it's important to understand that today, buildings are about 40% of the carbon footprint globally, and about 75% of that is operational. And so when commitments are being made to get to net zero carbon emissions, buildings become very important in how they ultimately drive towards getting to that outcome. And so we have an incredible opportunity with the capabilities that we have now with the -- not only what we've done historically with performance contracting, but now with OpenBlue to bring together holistically complete systems that with the use of the data, we can drive a lot of optimization in what we ultimately deliver for the customers to be able to meet their objectives.
Scott Davis: It totally makes sense. Is it harder to collect in those contracts? Is there kind of disagreements of what the data shows and the sustainability of that? And with the savings, it seems like there would be some gray area items in there, but perhaps I'm wrong.
George Oliver: Scott, it's the opposite. It's very predictable. And I think our track record relative to the projects that we've executed, that has been very strong. So we make sure that as we look at these type of projects with the customers that we're doing these projects for, that we're obviously mitigating any risk and ultimately focus on executing on the commitments that we make.
Scott Davis: Perfect. Thank you for the clarification. Good luck and congrats, guys. Ill pass it on.
George Oliver: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Hi. Good morning, guys.
George Oliver: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Can you just talk about a little bit more about price cost? What was the spread in the quarter and how you're seeing kind of pricing and costs evolve over the next couple of quarters? And is there any  given your kind of fiscal year-end timing, any leakage into next year?
George Oliver: Yes, Steve, let me start and I'll turn it over to Olivier for some of the more  more of the details. But as you know, over the last three years, we've really built strategic pricing capability across the company. And if you look at the last couple of years, we were able to be able to deliver net 100 basis points on the top line as a result. That has served us extremely well as we get into the cycle with accelerating inflation. So with that, we have improved discipline in the field. We're executing projects better at better margin rates. And then within our product businesses where you see the impact sooner because of the material costs, we've been able to have a very dynamic pricing model that has been deployed across each one of our platforms to ultimately not only see what's happening in the near term, but longer term being able to be very dynamic in how we pass that along into the channels. And so to date, we've -- in the second quarter, we had about a 30 basis point benefit. And we believe that the work we're doing, not only in productivity, VAVE, direct material productivity, designing material costs out of our products and then ultimately driving just improved productivity across the entire supply chain, that we're still in a position to be net positive here in the second half. Olivier?
Olivier Leonetti: No, nothing more to add, Steve. And when you look at the Slide 19, when we say 30 basis point base margin improvement, we are factoring also our best view on next year price cost, but we have a great process across the organization to maintain that going forward in this very fluid environment.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Any other mechanical items for next year that we should be aware of as you've moved through this year that flip either positive or negative outside of the kind of obvious restructuring and the activities you've already kind of talked about?
Olivier Leonetti: Nothing more than what we all read in the news. It's still a freed environment. We feel very bullish about how the economies across the world are rebounding. George mentioned that earlier in this call. Our order flow is increasing significantly. And something important, if you look at our install business, which is about 35% of the revenue of the organization, we see this business now growing, and that is done at the back of the retrofit market. Usually, 50% of install is associated with new buildings. The new buildings today are depressed. So as this new building is starting to rebound, and it is in the U.S. and across the world, we see our business really taking momentum, and that will translate into, of course, more global products, products being sold, higher service mix. So we feel very positive about what we see in front of us.
Steve Tusa: Great. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Julian Mitchell: Morning. Maybe a first question around fire and security. You've got good sort of recovery trends, very evident on the HVAC side of the house. Fire and security sales still down mid-single digit. So maybe help us understand how you see the slope of that recovery from here? And perhaps how big of an impact is the sort of retail piece in there as a headwind?
George Oliver: Yes. Julian, let me start by just framing up fire and security and what we saw in the quarter and what it means as we go forward. It is about 40% of our total revenues. It's core to building systems. It's got a very attractive margin profile due to the product and service mix. We've got a large installed base, which ultimately drives the recurring revenue. And this combined now with OpenBlue, we can truly differentiate what we do longer term to get a higher percentage of that recurring revenue. And security now in the new world, in the digital world, that now is becoming a critical asset as we think about our smart buildings to be able to collect data and apply analytics. When you look at the sequential trends, our short cycle business in fire and security is up nicely. When you look at products -- total products is going to be up -- it's up about low to mid-single digits. And then our service actually inflected positive in the field businesses, which, as you know, because of all of the shutdowns, we had a lot of difficulty over the last few quarters to be able to get in and perform the service. So I think as we go forward, those trends on the shorter cycle is coming through very nicely. And then on the install side, as these new projects that come into market, both in retrofit and in install, which are longer cycle, we're getting more than our fair share on that. So as they're coming to market and these projects start to be deployed, we're very well positioned to be able to start to pick up the install revenues. But I would tell you the shorter cycle piece is actually performing very well. And so even though the install revenues were down, it's mainly just a function of timing, of conversion, and we see the orders now picking up very nicely in the second half.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you. And then maybe switching to a topic that's relevant across the company. There's a lot of interest, obviously, in the U.S. education stimulus money that could flow over the next three years. Maybe help us understand what the scale of JCI's exposure is to that education vertical as you're looking across the field and global products business?
George Oliver: Yes, Julian, let me summarize it quickly here. The three large COVID relief packages, they totaled about $5 trillion in aid over the last 12 months, much needed relief for our customers. We were very active in participating in making sure as those bills were put together, that certainly was focused on healthy buildings and making sure that as we -- whether it's bringing students back to the school room or the like or buildings, we're very actively involved in making sure that the details of what was going to be needed to be able to address some of the new challenges were actually incorporated in the bills. And when you look at the funding directed to upgrading facilities in the vertical markets that we have the highest exposure and deep relationships, it is K-12, higher ed and then state and local government, which play to our strengths. And so when you look at your question on education, K-12, we have relationships across North America or the U.S. with about 6,000 school districts, and then at the higher ed level, about 1,900. They all -- this all plays right into our strengths. And so in K-12 alone, there's been about $195 billion allocated. And so what we've done is making sure that not only right from the frontend of building the build to now executing state-by-state with what we have as a program management office, we're making sure we're detailing all of the flow of that stimulus and that we're positioned to be able to address the challenges that they're going to deploy that stimulus to be able to address. And so we think the TAM for the U.S., you're in billions of dollars relative to the opportunity that we see as we're going after this. And the healthy -- and healthy buildings market itself, we said it was originally 10 to 15. That continues to be expanded with the stimulus' coming into the market. So we believe that we're in the early stages with the pipeline that we see, that it's in the hundreds of millions of dollars that we can be well positioned to execute on.
Antonella Franzen: And Julian, I would just add that when you look at education, it is a big vertical for JCI overall. And particularly when you look at North America, it's about 20% of the revenue.
Julian Mitchell: Thats great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Josh Pokrzywinski, Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Hi. Good morning, guys.
George Oliver: Good morning, Josh.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: George, if you wouldn't mind just kind of taking a step back, I know with the nature of the field business and kind of the mix of fire and security and HVAC in there sort of makes benchmarking tough. But if I look at what we've kind of seen so far through the first quarter, it seems like maybe from an orders perspective, commercial HVAC is running up kind of mid-teens at the market level. I think you mentioned low double digits in applied North America, but what's your sense on kind of the product side of commercial HVAC and where we should sort of see order rates here, whether it's this quarter or kind of here in the medium term?
George Oliver: Josh, I think as you look at our mix, certainly, we're a longer cycle with the installs service part of our portfolio. But as you dig into the specific products in every category, we're gaining share. So if you look into, for instance, in the unitary business in the commercial side, new orders in North America for equipment for the rooftops is up mid-teens and with March up over 30%, our backlog is up 100%. Now those orders are in our product-based business. So you wouldn't see those orders. It's in the -- obviously inherent in the book and bill. And then when you look at our unitary share, we're up about 40 basis points year-over-year. And so as we look at the backlog being up 100% and the projected growth here in the third quarter, in North America unitary, we're projecting we're going to be up 30% plus in the quarter and third quarter. So that would be the commercial side. On the residential side, our orders were up again about 88%, record level of backlog there. Our sales were up about 35% with our units were up over 40%. We're seeing strong sell-through through that channel. We're going to see continued strength in Q3 and Q4. And so that's continuing. When you look at -- and the same holds true in our Hitachi business in Asia Pac. We got strong double digit revenue there, mainly driven by Japan, and that's been because of a gain share with our new product introductions. And then when you look at -- even in North America, when you look at even though our installs showed our orders were up about 5%, and underlying those orders in North America, we saw mid teens growth in applied equipment orders. So that is going to play out very nicely for us in the second half and ultimately set us up for increased service attach and service revenue going forward. So you got to look at the details to understand that in every category, whether it be through our distribution or as we now set up our install business that we're setting it up for the longer term that's going to be very attractive. And just building off one thing that Olivier said, when you look at our install business, we have significantly outperformed through this cycle. With the non-resi construction down as much as it is, we were able to actually fill most of that void with short-term retrofit upgrade orders, which in North America alone were up 20% in the quarter. Now we're seeing a fundamental that with the short-term demand, that's going to continue. It's going to continue around healthy buildings and sustainability projects. That's going to now combine with what we see happening in non-residential new demand coming through. This is the first that I've seen the two coming together, and it's going to play out very well in the second half for strong orders as well as beginning to convert to strong revenue in the second half.
Olivier Leonetti: And Josh, and one statistic again, which gives  allows you to put all that together, global products in aggregate for next quarter we believe we're going to be able to grow revenue in the 20% plus range. So that gives you an idea about what is going on around all the elements of the portfolio, 20% plus revenue year-on-year growth expected.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: That's super color. Maybe just one follow up on Scott's question on performance contracting. George, I think to your point, this is a business that you guys have been around in for decades now. I'm surprised that given how compelling that is for a customer that the industry isn't bigger or JCI's exposure to that isn't bigger. It almost seems kind of like a free upgrade providing you a bond support to get that work done. What's been kind of the bottleneck to that historically?
George Oliver: It's a great question. So we're working with all of our customers. And historically, a big customer has been the government, both at the federal level, at the state level and at the local level with our 3P type contracts and performance contracts. And so we've been working with them and some of it is how they account for the projects and ultimately, how they look at it as an upfront cost and how they account versus an ongoing operational cost. And so we've been very active working with our customers to make sure that they're addressing some of their internal challenges that get in the way of doing a contract like this, which is very attractive in being able to get returns that pay for the cost of capital. And so we're working to really start to create that market above and beyond what it is today. And we believe that we're very well positioned to be able to then capitalize on that opportunity, Josh.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Perfect. Thanks, George. Good luck, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hi. Good morning, guys.
George Oliver: Good morning, Andy.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Morning. Olivier, can you give us a little more color on how to think about the 550 basis points of total cost out and what it actually means for incrementals over the next few years? It looks like inclusive of the core margin improvement of 30 basis points that you're dialing in on average, do you think you can get something like 300 basis points of margin improvement over the three-year period with an average 100 basis points and core incrementals in the 40% plus range? But I just want to sort of confirm those numbers.
Olivier Leonetti: Good morning, Andy. Your numbers are absolutely correct. If you remove Silent-Aire in the next fiscal and the one after that would be in the 40% incremental. After that, we believe we will have created the conditions to deliver on our 30% incremental. And we will unpack -- we gave you a lot of data already, Andy, and we'd give you even more on Investor Day in September.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Very helpful. And then Olivier, maybe a follow up in terms of -- we know that JCI is obviously an inverted company. So we wouldn't expect a big impact from Biden's corporate tax win. But how are you thinking about the resiliency of your tax rate if there is some kind of global minimum tax agreement? And what kind of levers can you pull to maintain your relative low tax rate advantage?
Olivier Leonetti: So the situation is fluid. All of us are reading the papers. All of us have insights on what could happen. So one, we are, of course, committed to the 13.5% tax rate for this fiscal. And going forward, we have ran various scenarios. We are highly confident that our tax rate will remain competitive relative to the industry. And we have various levers to achieve that. Some of it is, of course, where we are registered as a company and the complexity of our legal entity structure. We believe it's going to be and remain a competitive advantage.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Very helpful, Olivier. Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, Andy.
Antonella Franzen: George, would you like to do some final comments?
George Oliver: Yes. Let's wrap up the call this morning. As I mentioned earlier, we've had a very strong first half of the year and the momentum we are seeing across our portfolio coupled with our strategic focus and improved execution gives me high confidence in our ability to be able to outperform as we go forward. I hope you and your families continue to remain safe, and I look forward to speaking with many of you soon. So with that, operator, that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the call. You may disconnect your lines, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-01-29 07:30:00) =====
Antonella Franzen: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls First Quarter of Fiscal 2021 Results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentations can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. Joining me on the call today are Johnson Controls Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver; and our Chief Financial Officer, Olivier Leonetti.
George Oliver: Thanks, Antonella, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on todays call. Hopefully the New Year is treating you well so far. I will start with a brief strategic update in summary of our Q1 results. Olivier will provide a more detailed review of those results and update you on our forward outlook and well have plenty of time to take your questions. Lets get started on Slide 3. We are off to a strong start in the first quarter with solid financial performance and accelerating momentum on all of our strategic initiatives. As we will cover in a few minutes, top-line performance was at the high end of the expectations we communicated to you last quarter, which together with impressive operational execution across all segments enabled us to grow EBIT by 5% year-on-year, despite continued volume pressure related to the ongoing pandemic. Although the promise of a vaccine is sparking modest optimism in several of our end markets, many of which continued to show improving sequential demand, there is still many regions of the world facing second and third waves with varying degrees of lockdowns and restrictions. With that being the case, we have remained focused on the commitments we made to our employees, customers and suppliers. Our teams have come together to achieve truly extraordinary things, improving the fundamentals of our businesses and executing our overall strategy. During the quarter, we were honored to receive recognition from several organizations. Additionally, as you may have seen in a separate press release issued earlier this morning, we announced an ambitious set of new ESG commitments, reinforcing sustainability as a top priority in our leadership role in climate change. Lastly, we continued to gain traction on several of our core growth initiatives, which we have been discussing with you over the last couple of quarters, scaling OpenBlue, driving higher service attachment rates in sales growth and accelerating new product introductions.
Olivier Leonetti: Thanks, George, and good morning everyone. Continuing on Slide 9. Q1 sales declined 5% organically, improving sequentially compared to the 6% decline last quarter. Relative to our expectations global products outperformed primarily the result of continued high levels of demand for residential HVAC equipment, both here in North America as well as our Hitachi business in Asia Pacific including China. Segment EBITA expended 80 basis points year-over-year to 12%, the highest margin rate in any first half since the merger, despite volume headwinds related to the pandemic. EPS of $0.43 increased 8% benefiting from the higher profitability I just discussed as well as lower share count as we have maintained a disciplined approach to capital allocation. Our free cash flow performance in the quarter was strong, up about 10% on a reported basis to over $400 million. I will provide the details on our cash performance later in the call, but the strong start in Q1 puts us on a path to achieve 100% conversion for the full year. Please turn to Slide 10. Orders of our field businesses continue to improve with the year-over-year decline moderating to just 3% despite our install business still experiencing pressure from slower non-resi new bill activity with retrofit activity showing signs of recovery. Service orders increased 2% overall driven by EMEALA and supported by the recovery of our core commercial fire and security businesses in Europe.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
George Oliver: Good morning, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: So first of all, thanks for all the additional details on the slides, been very helpful. So looking at the margin guide for the full year, the implied back half is obviously much flatter. I realize we've got temporary costs come back into the equation here. But is there anything else that we should think about in terms of mix, raw materials? Anything else that would kind of cause that margin to flatten out in the second half?
George Oliver: So, Nigel, good morning. Indeed, we are  the guide implies that the margin rate for the second half is going to be marginally up. We discussed that in prior calls. In the second half of the year, some of the costs we mitigated last year are going to come back. The net for the year we discussed is about $40 million, but the second half is going to be a headwind. As I indicated last quarter, we're working on mitigating those costs coming back. We have plans in place. It's too early for us to commit to an improvement in margin in the second half, and we'll come back when those plans are a bit more structured, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Great, now that's clear. And then the attachment rate initiatives, 35% of service attachment rates, looking to increase that by a few hundred basis points for the year. I'm just curious how you're looking to achieve that. What sort of incentives do you have in place to either sales or technicians? And what role is obtain in that? So any help there would be helpful.
George Oliver: So, Nigel, when you look at our $6 billion Service business, of course, as we've laid out, it's a very attractive vector for growth, and that has been accelerated with the healthy buildings trends. So when you look at historically, we've been under-serving our installed base. And so we've been going back after that, and we believe that, that's a real material opportunity and a competitive advantage for us. We have been increasing our market coverage with people as well as enhancing the technology that we're deploying within our solutions with OpenBlue. When you look at the margin profile, it's 2x the overall company EBITDA margin. And as we now look at our new capabilities, differentiating our services with connectivity and utilization of data that really gives us an opportunity to be able to get longer term contracts, being able to solve bigger problems, be able to attach contracts and ultimately drive that attachment rate. We've seen great progress here in Q1. We're up about 90 basis points sequentially in Q1. We expect for the whole year that our attach rate will move up 300 or 400 basis points and we will actually accelerate as we enter 2022. And so it's a combination of all of that, that truly positions us to be able to take what we've done historically and truly now move the needle with how we can attach a lot more to what we do to serve that installed base.
Nigel Coe: Okay, thanks, George.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Coe. Our next question is from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open sir.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
George Oliver: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray: Hi. I really like seeing the slide right upfront profiling the opportunity in Healthy Buildings, this whole indoor air quality theme that we think is really meaningful post COVID. And George, I was hoping you can give us a little bit more of granularity in how you arrived at that $10 billion to $15 billion. Maybe a sense of how much is equipment, services, digital. And how much of this benefit are you seeing today?
George Oliver: Yes, so, when you look at what we launched here, Deane, the OpenBlue Healthy Buildings, it does represent our new comprehensive strategy to be able to address both the clean air, which we said was a few billion dollars previously, and then all of what else we do within a building around Healthy Buildings. And holistically, it's about $10 million or $15 million of new addressable market when you look at it holistically. Now when you look at across industries, more than half of businesses not only have implemented some type of Healthy Building initiative, OpenBlue Healthy Building now addresses this next phase, where not only are we driving efficiency, but we're driving health and safety and we're positioned to be able to then drive sustainability and reduce energy to be able to achieve those outcomes. When you look at what we do, it combines all of our core, it tailors what we do to each individual customer. And now we have about 25 unique solutions or services that, to your point, it takes our products, it takes our service technology, it now takes our data services that we're developing, truly now to be able to create these new outcomes. So it's aimed not only at helping customers return to work, but also optimizing their performance of their infrastructure longer term, not only through efficiency and energy reduction, all of which contributes to their sustainability goals. So it's really a combination of all of that that allows us to really differentiate what we can do to deliver these type of solutions.
Deane Dray: Great. And just as a follow-up there. If you had to split the opportunity between, let's say, a onetime windfall of new equipment, higher filtration and so forth versus an ongoing service opportunity, the monitoring, the digital side of this, what's the split? How much is pure equipment upgrade versus the ongoing recurring connected building opportunity?
George Oliver: Well, to give you an idea, and this will be within our global products, we've seen huge increases with filtration. Orders up strong 20%, 30%. We've got our ISO clean, our potable air purification units. We see growth of well over 100% year-on-year. We're seeing our pleated filters up 500%. We're seeing filtration products up kind of 50%. So we are seeing benefit in the products that ultimately go into our solutions in what we can do to look at every aspect, filtration, disinfection, the recirculation as well as isolation that ultimately we provide with our solutions. And so it really  it's a combination of all of that, Deane. And then as we're now upgrading these systems, the more connectivity that we can gain with how we utilize our  when we use our Medicines platform to collect data and then being able to optimize the outcome that we can produce is the advantage that we have with the 16,000 people that we have deployed across the globe that are intimately working with customers in delivering these solutions.
Deane Dray: Thats great. And just congratulations on all of your ESG commitments. That really does put you guys best in class here. Thank you.
George Oliver: Thanks, Deane.
Operator: Thank you for your question Mr. Dray. Our next question comes from Scott Davis with Melius Research. Your line is open sir.
Scott Davis: Hi, good morning everybody.
George Oliver: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis: George, is there a preference between M&A and buybacks in 2021? Or any kind of opening of M&A markets that get you more interested?
George Oliver: Yes, so we  as we've been improving our fundamentals here, Scott, and getting a lot of confidence here with the continued improvement that we're going to deliver on, that we think that M&A is a space that, as we're building our pipeline, that is attractive in being able to take what we're doing with our organic investments and be able to contribute more in how we ultimately deliver growth. So as we look at our priorities for the year, we are not only supporting strong dividend, but also optimistically doing the buybacks. And we committed the $1 billion that's still remaining from the Power Solutions sale. But on a go-forward basis, see M&A as being an area that we can contribute 1% or 2% growth on a go-forward basis on an annual basis because of the pipeline that we see, the ability to be able to enhance our technologies, our go-to market, our services, and then accelerate the work we're doing with OpenBlue.
Scott Davis: Make sense. And then just switching gears to service. You've, on Slide 17, referenced a mid-single-digit growth rate and attachments of 35%. What  I mean, you say the entitlement is double the current rate, but what can get you there? I mean, we're not there yet. So, what needs to happen either within the sales force or within perhaps customer education or something else that kind of gets you driving to a higher growth rate in Service?
George Oliver: So, if you look before the pandemic, Scott, we had got our growth rate to 4%, 5% and it was pretty much at the market rate and that was a lot of blocking and tackling. Now strategically, we've been investing in new services. We've been enhancing those services with OpenBlue. We've been targeting our installed base in a much more aggressive manner, because we have an opportunity to be able to bring that forward with new technologies and to be able to address some of the new challenges that our customers are facing. So when you put all of that together and you look at our performance here, in Q1, we've been sequentially improving. We're only down, when you look at our  service was down 1%, it was down 3% in Q4. We're projecting here on a go-forward  and our orders were actually up 2% in the quarter. On a go-forward basis, we see our orders continuing to improve. We're getting a higher mix of longer-term contracts within those orders. And that we believe that from a revenue standpoint, we turned positive here in Q2 and it will continue to ramp Q3 and Q4. So, it's really a combination of not only mining the installed base, adding additional capabilities within the field and being able to do that, be able to enhance the offerings, be able to get it connected, utilizing data, creating new outcomes and then ultimately being positioned here to attach. Our attach rate in the first quarter was up 90 basis points sequentially and we see that improving 400 or 500 basis points over the year and then accelerating beyond that. So, that gives us confidence here Scott that through the year, we'll get to mid-single digit growth in 2021, and that we believe that we can accelerate from there with very attractive margins going forward.
Scott Davis: Sounds encouraging. Good luck, George. Thanks, guys.
George Oliver: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you for your question, Mr. Davis. Our next question is from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is open, sir.
Steve Tusa: Hi, guys. Good morning.
George Oliver: Hi, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Can you just fill us in on kind of what you're seeing in your core, like the commercial HVAC equipment market in the U.S.? Just kind of hard to tell like what the real trend is? I mean, non-res construction, obviously remains kind of weak, but you've got all these opportunities on ESG and IAQ et cetera. But just curious as to how this cycle is shaping up versus prior may be on that front, equipment?
George Oliver: Sure. So, when you look at our commercial HVAC market, let me start with applied. So, applied HVAC orders were down low-single digits, this is globally, now about 3%. We did see continued sequential improvement in the market through the quarter. We did see some pressure in North America, where it's purely due to timing of orders as well as some federal business, they got pressured and again timing. And then Asia-Pac continues to accelerate. China was up over 20%. When you look at the sales now following the orders the sales were down low to mid-single-digits globally about 4%. We did see sequential improvement in North America as well as APAC. APAC actually came back to being flat, and a lot of that's being driven by our service growth and the traction we're getting there. The North America install is better and we're seeing the  as Olivier said, we're seeing more retrofit quarter-on-quarter. And then when you look at unitary markets, they generally remain under pressure. They were down low-single digits in Q1. The mix of that is light commercial, smaller tonnage units was down slightly in the quarter. Larger tonnage units are actually weaker because of larger projects being delayed or deferred. We continue to gain share as a result of the investment that we've made in both new products as well as channel. So, when you look at the whole space, we're still pretty bullish that these are very attractive end markets with long-term secular trends that align very well with our core. And a lot of focus now on energy and sustainability, which is going to drive  I think is going to drive the industry. And we've been leading with the investments we've made in our YZ chillers and the increased tonnage that we're launching there, our rooftops, our premier choice in select rooftops. And ultimately, now we're investing more heavily in next-gen air cool technologies, electrification with heat pumps and heat transfer units and advanced VRF technology. So, when you think of the space, there is some changes happening in this space, but we're invested to really capitalize on that going forward. And now with our larger installed base and now with the connectivity with our digital offering does give us an opportunity to really leverage that and build the service business that we've been building. And so, I think the trends are sequentially positive, some pressure on the larger non-residential construction that we see being pushed to the right a bit, but we are seeing sequential improvement, Steve.
Steve Tusa: And just a simple one, do you think the applied markets in the U.S. will be on a calendar basis down in 2021, the biggest ticket stuff in the market?
George Oliver: So, when you look at the overall market driven by non-resi construction, the overall market will be slightly down.
Steve Tusa: Okay, got it.
George Oliver: Now, when you look at our mix, we have been remixing towards the higher growth end markets and we've been focused on obviously with the new demand around healthy buildings and the like we've been doing more shorter cycle projects and putting that into the backlog that we are projecting our North America business will be positive for the year. And now, that's gaining share. That's above the industry metrics that you follow, whether it would be ABI or construction starts. But with the work that we've been doing with remixing our capacity, focusing on high-growth end markets and then with the acceleration that we see with some of these upgrades and retrofits is what's going to drive our business for the year.
Steve Tusa: Great. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you for your question, Mr. Tusa. Our next question is from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Your line is open, sir.
Jeff Sprague: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
George Oliver: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Good morning. Just two unrelated questions. First on, back on service attachment, I think you're actually probably being conservative saying 35%, right, because you're saying like a full service contract, so  but I wonder if you could give us a sense of your aggregate service reach? And it does seem like you believe you can score some early points on this. And so, I'm wondering if this is a function of really ramping up the service activity at customers you are engaged with, and you're taking it to kind of a different level or the service attachment is being driven primarily by kind of attachment on new installations?
George Oliver: No, it's all of the above, Jeff. So, what we're doing is, as we've really brought our strategy around service to a whole new level here, we brought on new leadership, we've got it structured such that we've got all of the key metrics that we're driving. It starts with understanding the installed base, where we are today with the services that we provide. We have significant opportunity to go back into that installed base and bring that forward. And that includes bringing holistic solutions, being able to get longer-term contracts with how we deploy those solutions, and then ultimately getting a recurring revenue that comes out of that work. And so, it's been both. We're not only getting a higher attach with the new projects that we're engineering and deploying and getting a higher attach rate because of the value proposition that we can bring with our OpenBlue capabilities combined with our service capabilities in the field, but at the same time being able to get additional volume by leveraging the installed base and bringing that forward with some of the newer technologies and capabilities. And that all is supported with what we're doing in the field and being able to expand our technicians and the capabilities and capacity that we have in the field to be able to actually deliver the new solutions that we're providing. And so, as we look at going forward, we believe that not only do you get a higher attach rate, you get higher revenue per customer because of the connectivity and the data and the solutions that are being provided, which ultimately are going to both contribute to our ability to be able to get our growth rate, get that continuing to increase through the course of the year and then setting up 2022 very well.
Jeff Sprague: And then second unrelated question, probably for Olivier, but I wonder if we could just dig a little bit further on what you're doing on cash flow? It's really encouraging to see the 100% kind of benchmark here now in the target zone. In particular to me, it seems like there is some huge opportunities in DSOs. I'm sure that's not the only thing we're working on, but can you elaborate on what you are driving to make this cash flow number work here?
Olivier Leonetti: Yes, good morning, Jeff. So, we are very pleased with the performance we have had in cash flow in the quarter. By the way, last year was pretty good too. And if you remember Jeff during the prior call, we said that we believe, we are 100 plus free cash flow compression company. The debate was when. And we were concerned this year with some of the tax cash tax benefit we took in 2020 are headwind this year, but despite that we believe were going to be at 100% this year. So what is happening? Few things first, the level of profit is strong and we believe, we have the ability to make that stronger. And to your point on working capital, we have a strong discipline happening to your point, DSO has been trending well. We believe we have to opportunities to improve DSO. And we have today at the top of the house weekly reviews to make sure we keep the momentum on cash flow generation. Its also part of our incentive plan at the level of the enterprise. So, all the lines are aligned today, Jeff, to keep performing on cash, we believe.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thank you. Ill pass it on.
Operator: Thank you for your question, Mr. Sprague. Our next question is from Andy Kaplowitz with Citi Group. Your line is open, sir.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning guys.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Andy Kaplowitz: George, last quarter, you mentioned you might see a pullback in product related revenue in Q1, given somewhat of a pent up snap back that you saw in Q4, but products actually improved in terms of the revenue decline. So, obviously some of that improvement looks like it was North American residential, but it seems like Fire & Security products continue to improve. So, can you just more color and what youre seeing in that category in particular moving forward?
George Oliver: Yes, let me start by, again I was very pleased with the performance in global products in the quarter with the underlying trends in the overall output we saw. It really is built on the depth and breadth of our product portfolio, which, as we have been reinvesting, is industry leading. Weve been gaining share. Weve had various new product introductions related to both the core HVAC and Fire & Security products as well now, products that are enabling the COVID response and healthy building opportunities. Just quickly, HVAC, weve had the continued tonnage expansion of the YZ chiller platform. Weve had the Premier Choice Select rooftops. Weve had the York Affinity series in residential and as well as additional heat pumps. In controls, we continue to advance our Amedisys 11, with continuous upgrades to enhance the capabilities and the better user interfaces. Security with our Qualys business, were now in a leadership position and were leader now in providing smart home solutions. Electronic Fire, and thats been very strong. Electronic Fire has been more around connectivity, notification, enhanced interfaces. And in fire suppression, although were pressured over the last year or so in the high hazard business, we have continued to advance our sprinkler heads, and were getting good traction there. So overall, the business recovers nicely. There was some pressure in the non-resi space remaining. But when you look at Q1, we definitely saw better than expected performance in. It would really be broken down into rest of world residential, which is our JCH business with better performance and a better recovery there and gaining share. And then we saw a stronger sequential improvement pretty much across each one of our product businesses within the quarter.
Olivier Leonetti: And Andy, we mentioned that in our prepared remarks, we are going to accelerate the number of new product launches in the rest of the year. So we have launched already some new exciting products in Q1, but that will accelerate. So we are optimistic about what this business can keep doing for us.
George Oliver: And your second question, Andy, was around Fire & Security?
Andy Kaplowitz: Yes, in particular.
George Oliver: So, in total, Id start by saying Fire & Security remains very attractive to us. 40% of our revenues are in the space. Its core to building systems. Very attractive margin profile due to the Service mix. Weve got an incredible installed base, which creates significant recurring revenue in Service. And then when you look at these attributes, theyre critical to what were doing with OpenBlue and being able to really drive a comprehensive solution within the building, deploying technology in our go-to-market. And Security now is coming to the forefront because it takes all of what is done in a building, and it brings it together interactively and then being able to then manage the data that gets collected throughout the building. So thats been very important. When you look at the performance, we did moderate. The Service moderated in Q1. Were only down roughly about 1%  1% or 2%, We saw North America recurring Service revenue turned positive, and a lot of that was our ability to be able to drive long-term contracts in the fire business. EMEALA, the overall Service turned positive, and Asia Pac is slightly down. When you look at where the pressure is right now, its an install. And its mainly due to project delays and general prioritization of HVAC around indoor air quality thats driving some of the resource allocation of our customers. But I believe that thats only a timing issue. These projects will be released, and well be able to be positioned and capitalize on those going forward. And the only other one to note, Andy, is the retail. Retail continues to be under pressure. Its down about the same that it was down in Q4. So we are  its a great business. Its a high-value proposition within the business. But given whats been happening in retail, weve been working to reposition ourselves to be critical to the essential retailers at the same time, while were helping the less essential of the apparel retailers to expand their omnichannels in addition to their brick and mortar infrastructure. So thats where we are in Fire & Security, but still a very attractive business for us.
Andy Kaplowitz: Very helpful. And just a quick clarification on price versus cost. I mean, I assume its in your forecast, Olivier, for 2021, but youve been able to cover rising inflation in the past. Just any thoughts on price versus costs in 2021.
Olivier Leonetti: Its still positive. It was in the quarter, Andy. And we believe the discipline in the organization is strong and price/cost will remain positive for the back of the year.
George Oliver: And to reinforce that, Andy. Weve put in place, very strategic pricing over the last couple of years. And weve demonstrated strong performance, being able to net 100 basis points to the top line every year. Yes, we are seeing the commodity costs increase. But I can tell you, with the work weve done, theres more than enough mitigating actions across  with the other levers that were deploying around BAV, direct material productivity, around supply chain, leveraging our buy. So, were very well positioned to be able to have positive price cost and the margin guidance that Olivier provided incorporates the updated price cost headwind that we see.
Andy Kaplowitz: Very helpful, guys. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your question, Mr. Kaplowitz. Our next one is from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Your line is open, sir.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. May be just the first question around the installed outlook. So, the orders were down 7% in the quarter. Understood why there is some weakness in Fire & Security and so forth in different regions. But maybe help us understand globally, when you think that figure may return to growth? And also, what we should expect for installed revenues for fiscal 2021?
George Oliver: Julian, let me start. When you look at the market indicators coming out of 2020, they were pointing to a weaker new construction. That was ABI and construction starts and the like and when you look at the verticals, certainly mixed. Theres some verticals that still have strong growth and theres others that are being more challenged. So, when you look at new construction starts, it is still under pressure. We are seeing retrofit activity related to healthy buildings and service beginning to pick up  pick back up. We do see our installed business growing low single-digits this year in spite of those metrics, because weve been reallocating our resources to the higher growth verticals and then being able to now capitalize on the retrofit opportunity that we see both short and long-term. When you look at the verticals, there are certain verticals that are under more pressure than others. When you think about the growth, there is better than 25% of our sales go into institutional markets in both healthcare and education. Theyre definitely receiving a lot of attention right now with respect to building health. And then when you look at commercial office, it is more mixed with lower utilization rates near term. But we do believe that theres going to be a demand, because there is a lot of interest in solutions now for what the new normal will be within these buildings. And so, when you look at the overall impact of COVID, we believe that it has delayed the investment decisions, which is creating some uncertainty and limited visibility beyond the six months. But we believe that what we see with our pipeline, our pipeline is actually been growing. And we see now in North America, for instance, with the access restrictions, continuing to be eased, well see some headwinds here in Europe and LatAm with some of the shutdowns and the like. But as we get into the second half of the year, we believe we start to recover on orders. I mean, orders are actually going to be recovering here in the second quarter. That will continue to improve through the course of the year and set us up well for 2022. We do have a $9 billion backlog and that is up year-on-year. We believe the mix within that backlog is shorter cycle. So, that is helping us book in turn through the course of the year, which is helping us be able to outperform the market within the non-resi market. And then, with service recovered now with PSAs, that is beginning to offset the pressure that weve had with some of these site restrictions. So, I believe youll see that were going to outperform through the course of the year. The market will continue to recover and youll start to see positive expansion within the industry metrics in 2022.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. Thats helpful. And then just a quick follow-up on the margin outlook across the four segments. So, you got that plus 50 bps figure firm-wide for operating margin for the year. Anything youd call out on segments that should lead or lag that? And perhaps, in particular, what kind of operating leverage do we expect in Global Products?
Olivier Leonetti: So actually, the margin profile of the business is going to be equally up in the year. If you look at the various regions, the various installed services or products, we see margin going up. And we have said before and let me repeat this  we believe we can increase the margin of the enterprise, EBITDA margin by about 50 basis points to 60 basis points. We have the ability to be at this level this year despite the negative impact obviously of the pandemic. But we feel good today about our ability to keep improving the profitability of this business and we are lining up several activities to deliver on this promise.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
George Oliver: Thanks, Julian.
Operator: Thank you for your question, Mr. Mitchell. Our last question will come from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open, sir.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for putting me in.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Joe Ritchie: So, Im just going to ask one question, and I want to go back to the attachment rates that you were discussing. I guess my question is, when you think about the investments thats needed in order to expand those attachment rates, maybe talk about whats your quantification of those investments over the next couple of years? And then specifically around like where youre actually taking share? Any discussion around like the types of competitors that you expect to start to take some share from as you increase your attachment rates?
George Oliver: Yes, so the investments that were making is really whats enabling our ability to be able to get a higher attach rate. Its not only making sure we have the right capacity deployed across the regions and being able to go after. So, historically going after the installed base thats out there today that weve underserved and then being able to bring those forward by upgrading and getting new technology deployed and getting a recurring revenue contract. But then on new, new solutions and how we now bring our technology investments and embed those into the overall solution and then being able to then tie that to a long-term contract, that enables us to be able to get that attach. That is the underlying strategy. So, the investments that are being made are built into our products within  at the product stage. Theyre built into our digital capabilities were building with OpenBlue. And then its ultimately making sure that weve got the infrastructure deployed within our regions to be able to successfully deliver that to our customers. And we have all of those elements that have been built into the plan in our reinvestment. And this has been ongoing here for the last 18 to 24 months. And so, were starting to see the fruits of our labor with the work that were doing. Were beginning to get the attachment rate on the new projects. Were beginning to get a pickup in service on the installed base. And all of that is leading to not only the higher attach rate, but higher revenue per customer and ultimately accelerating the overall service growth rate.
Olivier Leonetti: Joe, just to make it clear, we will deliver those investments while scaling SG&A as a proportion of revenue. So, we do not believe we need to add OpEx as a proportion of revenue to deliver on this service strategic initiative.
Joe Ritchie: Yes  no, thats helpful. But  and then I guess maybe just that second part question about where youre going to be able to take share; is there any color that you can provide at this point?
George Oliver: Well, Id say, when you look at our  its in line with our installed base. We are strong in each of the verticals. I think youve got a breakdown of the key verticals. Its broad based. The strategy is such that that historically its been more of a  just more of a mechanical service that we provided to maintain break and fix, and some of that was done through long-term contracts. The difference now, Joe, is that with the connectivity, with the use of the data, not only can we improve the value proposition or solve problems that customers havent historically been able to solve, but then being able to do that on a longer-term basis with the connectivity and the use of the data. So, its really across the board on all of our new product installations, whether itd be healthcare, education or industrial or government, any one of the spaces. I think we are uniquely positioned with our business model, with our performance contracting and some of the business model that historically weve had that has successfully delivered an outcome. We are now embedding our service technologies and capabilities, so that we then with that installed base, we can generate a lot more service with the use of the data that we collect and ultimately deploy.
Joe Ritchie: That makes sense, George. Thank you, both.
George Oliver: Thanks, Joe. And I think were at the hour here, so let me close. I want to thank, everyone, again for joining our call this morning. Im incredibly proud of how our teams continue to execute in what remains a challenging environment. I can tell you Im extremely pleased with our continued strong performance and the resiliency of our global teams that have just continued to execute across the globe in spite of the pandemic. I hope that you and your families remain safe and certainly look forward to engaging and speaking with you  many of you soon. So, operator, that concludes our call today.
Operator: Thank you so much sir. Thank you all for participating in todays conference call. You may now disconnect. And have a great rest of your day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-11-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to Johnson Controls Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session.  This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Antonella Franzen, Vice President and Chief Investor Relations and Communications Officer.
Antonella Franzen:
George Oliver: Thanks, Antonella, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call. As the effects and impacts of COVID are still fresh in our minds, I hope you and your families are continuing to stay healthy and safe. Before we get started with the prepared remarks, I wanted to take the time to officially welcome Olivier to the team. Olivier is on the call today and will be actively participating in our guidance discussion and in Q&A. Many of you have already had the opportunity to speak with him briefly at a few of our investor conferences in early September. And if not, we look forward to speaking with many of you over the next several weeks. From my perspective, the transition couldn't be going any better. And it's clear to me that Olivier is already having a positive impact on the organization in his first 10 weeks. As we said at the time of his announcement, Olivier will formally assume the role of CFO immediately following the release of our 10-K in just a few days.
Brian Stief: Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. So let's get started with our year-over-year EPS bridge on Slide 6. As you can see, operations, net of mitigating actions, was an $0.11 headwind. Despite continued volume pressure and some unfavorable mix, freights cost was again positive, and we achieved significant cost savings during the quarter. In total, Q4 benefited from approximately $200 million in mitigating cost actions in response to COVID-19. Ongoing synergy and productivity save was a $0.04 tailwind as anticipated, and net financing costs were a $0.02 headwind. Our lower share count, given the significant share repurchase activity over the past 12 months, benefited us $0.05. Moving to our segment margin bridge on Slide 7. As I mentioned, despite continued volume pressure across all four segments due to the pandemic, we did remain very disciplined on price in an increasingly competitive environment. As a result, we delivered another quarter of strong gross margin expansion, up 70 basis points year-over-year to 34.3%. With the full quarter of run rate permanent cost savings in Q4 and the incremental benefits from our cost mitigation efforts, we were able to hold decremental margins to 20% at the segment EBITDA level and as planned, 13% of the consolidated EBIT level. Overall, segment EBITDA margin declined 20 basis points on an organic basis to 15.6%. So let's turn to Slide 8 for a look at our segment results in more detail, and my comments will also focus on the segment end-market performance that's included on Slide 9. For North America, revenues declined 6%, with install down 9% and service down 3%. We saw strong retrofit activity, particularly from our enterprise customers requesting solutions to enhance the health and safety of their facilities. However, demand in our conventional installed business related to new construction remains under pressure.
George Oliver: Thanks, Brian. Please turn to Slide 13. As we have come to the end of our original full year integration period, we are at a point now where the difficult work around our internal transformation, portfolio rationalization and leadership changes is now largely complete. While there is always more work to do in an organization of this size, we are very excited about the growth opportunities in front of us. Our portfolio is very well aligned with the strong secular trends, including sustainability and energy efficiency, urbanization in smarter and safer buildings and infrastructure. We are uniquely positioned to serve these trends with a holistic approach that leverages the most comprehensive product portfolio in the industry, combined with the largest installed base and broadest direct channel footprint to enable extensive go-to-market advantages. Our vision for this merger five years ago was to ultimately lead the evolution from managing traditional building systems and becoming an outcome-based solutions provider, supporting more intelligent, connected spaces and places. Given the improvement in our growth and operational fundamentals over the last few years, we are very well positioned to accelerate and leverage our unique competitive advantages. As I mentioned earlier, we have developed three growth priorities, all designed and calibrated around gaining share, scaling OpenBlue, accelerating new product introductions and driving higher service attachment rates and sales growth. At the same time, in some respects enabled by these growth priorities, we will remain focused on driving improved margin performance, attacking the cost structure with the same intensity we have over the last four years. With the steps we've taken to strengthen the balance sheet over the last two years and the improvements we've made to our liquidity position and cash generation capabilities, we are now in a better position to pursue a more balanced but disciplined capital allocation plan. Please turn to Slide 14. The launch of OpenBlue represents the next stage in our journey. Although it is still very early, we have achieved significant success in creating momentum with customers and partners. OpenBlue is immediately compelling to a wide variety of customers looking to connect plan and manage space for enhanced security, sustainability and experiences. This platform addresses a series of solutions for a variety of environments. Worldwide, we saw engagement with a range of customers from one of the largest and most respected real estate developers in Asia to multiple sports venues across the world and everything in between. For example, let's look at universities. We began OpenBlue engagements at Stanford, Brown, Tulane, Kent State, University of Arkansas and others. Our work with the National University of Singapore demonstrates our deep collaboration with Microsoft, creating a living laboratory for a new breed of customizable, contact-free applications built on Johnson Controls' unifying digital technology suite, OpenBlue. From a technology perspective, I mentioned our collaboration with Microsoft. We've also begun new work with a portfolio of technology companies including Accenture, Cisco and Intel. OpenBlue is also fueling some of the most ambitious projects in the world such as BEA and the next World Cup. Over the last several months, we have had numerous releases under OpenBlue. For example, in August, we launched our comprehensive suite of digital solutions under the OpenBlue Healthy Buildings label, bringing together intelligent, connected hardware, software-based analytics in dashboards as well as mobile applications aimed at accelerating building occupancy by instilling confidence and assisting in the management of COVID-19 risk. We remain focused on creating the world's best technologies and proud that we received over 600 patents, and we earned the highly coveted ISA, Secured Development Life Cycle Assurance Certification, the highest standard in product security. Let's turn now to Slide 15. As we have mentioned to many of you over the last few months, one of the biggest benefits of OpenBlue will be our ability to tailor our service offerings to individual customers based on their unique needs. This platform enhances lead generation; improves attachment rates; increases average revenue per user; and over time, should sustainably accelerate our service growth rate by 2 to 3 percentage points with a very attractive margin profile. In late September, we launched a new flexible tiered service offering powered by OpenBlue, which increases our capabilities around real-time remote service and monitoring as well as predictive analytics. Lastly, turning to Slide 16. Demand for indoor air quality and healthy building solutions remain a key focus area. And we have seen significant uptick in interest from our customers since the beginning of the pandemic. For example, year-to-date sales of our YORK MERV 13 filters are up over 400% year-over-year. Our second half residential indoor air quality products were up 84% year-over-year. And in most cases, the revenue dollars for any one of these products individually are smaller, but in aggregate, have been enough to partially offset some of the weakness we are seeing. In addition to some of our core offerings that have always served these markets, we have also rapidly innovated or redeveloped several new products for customized applications. I won't spend time on each one listed on this page, but this collection represents why we believe we are uniquely positioned to fulfill the different customer needs regarding healthy buildings. This focus on targeted innovation is one facet of our goal to accelerating new product introductions. Over the next three years, we expect to gain nice share and plan to launch over 150 new products in fiscal '21 alone. With that, I would now like to turn things over to Olivier to provide you with his initial impressions and our thoughts on fiscal '21.
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, George, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to be with you on the call today, and I'm thrilled to be part of the Johnson Controls team. I've been in the office for about 10 weeks now and have fully immersed myself in learning the business and with the help of Brian and the finance team, understanding the strength and opportunities we have in front of us as an organization. I cannot thank Brian enough for his guidance and alliance through this transition. I thought I might quickly share with you my initial impressions and perspective, before I get into our forward outlook. I've been asked by some of you, why I was drawn to this role at Johnson Controls? And I would tell you, there were a number of reasons. From a personnel standpoint, how we do things is incredibly important to me. I wanted to be part of an organization with culture, diversity and inclusion matters. We are focused on the environment matters where developing people and meritocracy matters. I'm impressed by what the team has achieved over the last two years, its strategic vision and the operational discipline that has been established. I also recognize there is still work to be done, particularly around optimizing the cost structure of our business model. I am very positive about the growth opportunities of the end markets we serve, smart, safe, healthy buildings and by our vision around services, digital and product innovation. Finally, I'm excited about the ability we have to drive above-market growth with best-in-class margins. That seems like a natural point to transition to our outlook, starting on Slide 17. I mentioned my optimism about our served markets, and I think this depiction of our business mix shows a very balanced revenue profile, roughly split one-third each for products, install and service. We have one of the largest installed bases of buildings globally with an unmatched direct channel footprint, both of which we can leverage to generate very attractive service opportunities. As George mentioned, service, powered by OpenBlue, is expected to be an attractive vector of profitable growth for the Company. Looking at our installation portfolio, we are roughly evenly split between new construction and renovation retrofit, although many parts of this business remain challenged by the effects of the ongoing pandemic, our portfolio of LC building solutions and retrofit activity can moderate the weakness in new build. Product revenue at 35% represents those products sold through our indirect channels and will not include products and equipment installed through our direct channel. This is our short-cycle business that is typically booked and shipped. Turning to Slide 18. This slide provides our end-market exposure as well as a few economic indicators on the fiscal year basis we utilize as an input to our planning process. Construction outlook is a barometer for the new construction portion of our installation business in North America, which is about 15% of our total sales. GDP tends to be the barometer for service market growth. As the market forecast indicate, the global macro environment remains uncertain. However, given the attractiveness of our portfolio and the elements of our go-forward growth strategy George discussed, we feel very confident that we are positioned to outgrow our end markets. Now let's turn to Slide 19 with our views of fiscal '21 and our Q1 guidance. Current forecast for market recovery suggests a stronger second half of the year. We will continue to manage costs over the course of the year, keeping tight controls on the amount and timing of temporary cost reversals as volumes continue to normalize. We also have the carryover benefits from the permanent cost actions we took in the back half, which will partially offset the return of temporary cost. This, along with our focus on higher-margin revenue growth, is expected to result in ongoing EBIT margin expansion. Regardless of the presidential election outcome, we are very confident in our ability to maintain a 13.5% tax rate in fiscal '21. Free cash flow on a reported basis will approximate 95% for the full year and should follow a fairly normal cadence, with the majority of our cash being generated in the back half, in line with our traditional cash flow seasonality. With the majority of the large cash adjustments now being behind us, we are transitioning to an unadjusted cash flow metric. As part of our disciplined capital allocation, we expect to deploy the remaining $1 billion of proceeds from the Power Solutions sale to share repurchases. Now for our Q1 guidance, we expect to start the year off with organic sales decline in the range of 5% to 7%. The continued focus on the cost side will allow us to expand our EBIT margin 20 to 40 basis points and EPS should be in the range of $0.39 to $0.41. Overall, continued strong performance in a challenging environment. With that, operator, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you so much.  Our first question is from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Sir, your line is open.
Deane Dray: Just to start off on the forward look and guidance, and we suspect that a lot of companies are still going to keep the annual guidance suspended, but you've given us enough data points in the forward look on free cash flow and the conversion to back into an EPS number. Just want to make sure our math is right, we're getting a $2.45 to $2.50 range. I just want to make -- and that looks like a bracket's consensus. I just want to make sure that math is right. And is it just the point of still heightened uncertainty that's keeping you from framing that guidance officially?
Olivier Leonetti: So let me give you a bit of colors before to answer specifically to your question. We have, as you sense from the call, very confident about the position of the Company, and we believe we're going to be able to navigate this uncertain environment as we did last year. Now as you alluded to, at this point in time, there was a lot of uncertainty regarding what is happening in the pandemic. We have had, particularly over the last few weeks, additional lockdown and restrictions in Europe, and we have a second wave in U.S. So in this context, we believe we have a solid plan. We have momentum building, and we'll be agile. As you said, we have stress-tested our plan and we believe that despite the uncertain environment, we're going to be able to deliver a very good EBIT margin expansion and a strong cash flow performance. Now let me answer to your question specifically. Based upon the current market trajectory and all of that is still a bit known where that would go, we were looking at organic revenue growth in the low to mid-single digits range. Our sales force today is targeting growth part of the market, focusing on indoor quality and LC buildings and in verticals such as data centers, warehouse and institutions. And as George indicated, we're investing heavily in new product launches. Now if you look at your EPS range today, we believe it's not an unrealistic expectation.
Deane Dray: Great. That's real helpful. And then on the -- I really appreciate all the new color on OpenBlue. A number of your HVAC peers have started giving at least some framework on what the indoor air quality funnel might look like. I was hoping you could quantify for us. You gave a data point on the filtration orders being up. But can you give us a sense of what the funnel looks like? We're seeing a bit of the retrofit North America business starting to come through, but I would hope you could frame for us that opportunity as it stands today.
George Oliver: Deane, let me just kind of frame up what we're doing on indoor quality, how important it is, and then I'll kind of frame up what we see here within the pipeline. So I would start by saying it's clear that this is front and center with all of our customer engagement. So the education that has been had around air quality and the impact that, that has in mitigating the impact of the virus, that's certainly front and center. Now there's many critical elements to delivering clean air. It includes ventilation, filtration, disinfection and then isolation. And it's also combined with sensors around temperature, humidity, occupancy and ultimately ties to billing controls. And so our clean air strategy has been focused on finding the right balance between air quality as well as energy efficiency. And it's based on science, backed recommendations on clean air delivery rate which is ultimately clean air changes per hour. We're performing a number of assessments at starting points to align our solutions and services to each customer application and ultimately, their clean air delivery rate target. And we're not simply making product recommendations. And there's really no one better position now to be able to help our customers operate healthy safe buildings. It really is built on the combination of our HVAC portfolio with our security and building software platforms that do uniquely enable us to provide more powerful solutions based on specific customer outcomes. Now in addition to that, Deane, we've got over 16,000 service experts around the globe, which is the size and strength of our direct channel footprint, which we believe creates a significant competitive advantage. And so as we look at this today, with all of this activity right from assessments to deploying capabilities, we're looking at a pipeline of a couple of hundred million dollars for 2021. And now longer term, I think the focus on clean air and striking the right balance between proper ventilation, filtration, disinfection and then energy efficiency will ultimately lead to increased service activity, system replacements and other emerging solutions. So as we look out over a few years, we think clean air, the market itself is multibillions of dollars in incremental market. And then with that, not only with our strong position, but we've been expanding our partnerships to be able to accelerate our penetration in our go-to-market. And that's with universities, that's partnering with technology companies that have additional capabilities that we can combine with ours that ultimately drive the highest disinfection solution. And then that combined with our attractive channel, we believe that we have a unique channel where we can get partners and ultimately bring the best solution to the market.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Your line is open, sir.
Jeff Sprague: Best of luck, Brian. Two for me. First, George, and this maybe picks up a little bit on what you were talking about. But you were kind of talking about OpenBlue adding one to two points to your sales growth. And now you're saying two to three. Your confidence level is clear in your voice this morning, but interesting that you're already thinking a higher number before we're too far into this. So I just wonder if you could elaborate a little bit more on your thinking around that incremental growth rate and how the customer conversations are going.
George Oliver: Yes. Let me start, Jeff, by talking about the strength of our OpenBlue platform. And so for everyone on the call, it is a complete suite of connected solution that enables the delivery of more impactful sustainability, new occupant experiences and enhance safety and security that does combine with our long-standing expertise and buildings with cutting-edge technology. And it does enable us, along with our customers and partners, to fundamentally transform how spaces and places are experienced and that are ultimately safe and protected. So what it does is it combines everything that we do in a building and through leveraging connectivity and data, allows us to be able to create new outcomes. And we truly do believe that this differentiates what we do through our direct channel footprint with the significant installed base of equipment and service that we have today that we can actually amplify this now with digital solutions. So let me talk a little bit about the progress we've made. In the last 90 days, as I said in my prepared remarks, we've had significant engagement, customer engagement right from the start. And we've kept the momentum going with the release of several new solutions, including OpenBlue Workplace, new tiered flexible service offerings under OpenBlue, OpenBlue Enterprise. And there's many, many more coming over the next several months, including five that are planned in the first quarter. Now let me move to customers. When you look at the customer wins, we're very excited. I mean, the one example I talked about was one of the largest real estate developers in Asia, who is the leader in facility management. They ultimately selected our OpenBlue enterprise manager solution, which is a software solution that helps customers manage large portfolios of properties. They've now deployed that across 42 of their buildings in Singapore. So we're embedding OpenBlue in everything we do and the enhancements we're making to our go-to-market strategy. We have already built -- when you look at the pipeline that now OpenBlue is connected to. So our multiyear pipeline is well over $1 billion of opportunity when you take what OpenBlue does not only as a stand-alone, but how that combines with our core capabilities in how we go to market. And then like I said, we've supported that with partnerships with Microsoft, Accenture, Cisco and Intel. And when you look at these partnerships, they're integral, I would say, on many levels to ultimately deliver a complete outcome-based solution that our customers are asking for. And we believe that we have a lot to offer as a partner.
Jeff Sprague: Just on the cost headwinds and tailwinds, you gave a very explicit table and chart on the Q3 call. I'm wondering if all those numbers are basically the same, the $240 million to $260 million tail on permanent and kind of what you gave us on the temporary. And I guess whether the answer is yes or no, can you give us a little bit of color on how these kind of feather in and out over the course of this year?
Olivier Leonetti: So Jeff, before answer to the specific of your questions, we have said that in the past, but we want to repeat it because it's very important. We believe we have the opportunity to improve the return on sales of our business going forward. And we believe we have opportunities in both growth margin and OpEx management. And if you look at the prepared remarks from Brian, improving the margin rate by about one full point year-on-year last year despite the environment was remarkable. So that says a lot about the execution discipline of the Company. And we believe we have said that, and we have done some modeling lately. We believe that the 30% incremental is an achievable and required goal for the Company. Now to answer specifically to your question, the net $40 million that Brian mentioned before is still valid. We would expect those costs to come back mainly in the second half of the year. So we believe that it's the best way to plan for those costs. However, we're still looking at levers to mitigate those costs to come back in the second half, but it's too early for us to commit, Jeff, at this stage.
Operator: Our next question is from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Your line is open, sir.
Nigel Coe: Just wanted to come on the back of Jeff's question there. So the -- obviously, the temporary costs coming in towards the back end of the year. The structural costs, is that more linear through the year? Or are we seeing some of those coming through in the 1Q guide?
Olivier Leonetti: So at the moment, for the first half of the year, we have a net benefit to the P&L when you look, Nigel, at the permanent and temporary cost coming back. And the headwind will come in the second half and more in the Q3 fiscal quarter, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Great. And then obviously, the service kind of acceleration is really encouraging and also $1 billion pipeline. Is that $1 billion, that funnel, has that been built since you sort of soft launched OpenBlue? I think it was mid-2000. I can't exactly remember the date, but I think in the last seven months, has that all been built in that time frame? And do you have any indication on sort of the time line to the service revenue acceleration?
George Oliver: Yes. Let me go back, Nigel, to the pipeline. That pipeline is when we do, as we're doing installs and now taking our digital capabilities with OpenBlue and combining that with our core capabilities and ultimately then deploying that as a solution. So that isn't just service, that is ultimately creating a much bigger installed base with our digital capabilities that will then spin-off services from that. And so that's when what I talked about there with the digital blue pipeline. As far as the services, what we get with OpenBlue, it allows us to be able to not only differentiate the core of what we do with our services, making everything connected, utilizing data to optimize our delivery of service and then adding new services on top of that. And that's what OpenBlue allows us to do. It enhances our ability to be able to immediately attach service contracts. And we're starting to see a nice pickup in our contractual services, and that will continue to improve as we go forward. And then from a revenue per customer standpoint, it ultimately allows us to now build, on top of that base of service, new capabilities and be able to deliver enhanced value, which ultimately then we get paid for. And so it's really a combination of not only expanding our installed base with OpenBlue, but then being able to mine that installed base with additional services on a recurring basis.
Nigel Coe: Just to clarify, the funnel though has been built this year, correct?
George Oliver: Yes. The funnel, I mean, when we look at our pipeline, what we've done, Nigel, is take everything that we do with how we go to market. OpenBlue now becomes part of what we offer and how we differentiate not only the solutions that we go to market with and install, but also the capabilities that we deploy to be able to attach service and then perform the service over the life cycle of that installation.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Tusa with JP Morgan. Your line is open, sir.
Steve Tusa: Just curious, how much does the one of the big differentiators versus you guys in your HVAC equipment peers, at least, is your control system, the kind of Metasys platform. Maybe that brand has changed. But how much of a differentiator is having that controls legacy, if you will, the building controls legacy over and above the kind of HVAC and Fire & Security?
George Oliver: Yes, Steve, let me just start by talking about commercial HVAC and the importance of not only the equipment but also the digital capabilities. When we look at these markets, they're very attractive with long-term secular drivers that ultimately align with our core capabilities in both equipment as well as digital and the secular trends of energy efficiency and sustainability, enabling us to be able to now mine a much larger installed base with the connectivity with our digital offerings. And then the ability now, as we discussed previously with Nigel, which opens up an opportunity for us to be able to build on additional services; and then ultimately, capitalizing on the emerging trend with indoor air quality and healthy buildings. So all of these trends, the ability to be able to take a holistic solution with our equipment plus our digital platforms, which, from a building system standpoint, it is Metasys and then being able to connect every other device and every other system within a building, is what uniquely positions us to be able to bring the most -- the best solution, the most efficient solution and ultimately delivering on the customers' priorities. And when I look at what we do, we're very well positioned with that combination of not only leadership products that we've been reinvesting in, but also now industry-leading controls, embedded software with also our digital offerings and building automation software that all complement the core. So although we push intelligence to the edge, the ability to be able to take that intelligence within one platform and to be able to create new outcomes is a competitive advantage. And we're going to continue to not only differentiate what we install, but also how we go about capitalizing on the service opportunity, which is what contributes to being able to accelerate our service growth on a go-forward basis.
Steve Tusa: Right. So said differently, the control system is key. And then just one -- maybe correct me, if I'm wrong, just one other nitpicky one, you guys bought in a JV, I think, at least on the cash flow statement, it suggests you guys had some activities there. Was there -- were there any P&L -- was there any P&L impact from that? Sometimes companies that we cover buy in JVs and they book a gain on their ownership. And any impact on the P&L from that front?
Brian Stief: Steve that was related to the buyout of Qolsys, we had a majority interest in Qualsys already. And we bought out, during the quarter, the remaining 42% of those shares. So the activity that you're referring to was an entity that we historically have consolidated. So there was no unique P&L in Q4 related to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Your line is open, sir.
Gautam Khanna: I had a couple of questions, George, maybe if you could elaborate on the IAQ opportunity. Carrier had talked about it at like $9 billion to $10 billion in aggregate. I wondered if you would agree with that assessment. Secondly, maybe if you can talk about whether you think IAQ sort of becomes a table stakes for some of these commercial building operators, because it seems like there is a conflict between energy draw going up when you utilize some of these solutions and what has been the compelling case to renew applied systems, which is the energy consumption drops with the new technology. Just how you kind of frame that. Do you think it's table stakes? Do you think it's kind of a short-term blip while we have COVID and then maybe you revert back or just your opinion on that topic?
George Oliver: Yes. So when we talk about indoor air quality as part of as the market, and so you've seen numbers from Navigant where there's like 1.7 trillion of square footage and about a quarter of that is ultimately non-resi space. And then within that, today's level of air purification is well below what would be now in this environment, perceived as being acceptable. And so, as I talked about, there is a key element of being able to provide the right solution. It does include multiple domains or multiple capabilities, whether it be maintaining or maximizing the ventilation, bringing the highest level of filtration. So it might be today, MERV 8 and moving towards MERV 13. It includes deploying potential disinfection technologies, and then like in health care, it's isolation. And so what we do is be able to not only provide the best solution that ultimately delivers what we call the clean air delivery rate, which is clean air changes per hour with a level of purification, but also making sure that we're doing that and optimizing the energy required to ultimately perform and deliver on that outcome. And so, we are working feverishly here, not only in how we deploy these multiple capabilities, but how we optimize those with our building controls and ultimately bring in the best solution at the least amount of energy required. We believe that there's optimization that can be had, where you can get to a much higher standard while you're still delivering on the sustainability goals of our customers. And that's what we're ultimately focused on doing with the technology elements that we have underway.
Operator: Our next question is from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open, ma'am.
Nicole DeBlase: I just wanted to focus a little bit on the first quarter guidance. It looks like you guys are kind of projecting organic revenue decline similar to what you saw in 4Q. Just curious, if that reflects kind of stabilization in organic trends throughout the quarter or if you did see improvement into the later parts of the quarter and into October?
Olivier Leonetti: So Nicole, we are seeing today, you're right, a gradual improvement in our business environment, both for our field business and our global product segment. So, if you look at our order book, and I'm not talking about revenue for now, we'll give you the specificities in a second. And order book is more representative of the current velocity of the business, we see Q1 as being an improvement over Q4. So if you look at our field business specifically, we saw -- we are seeing in Q1 orders velocity for our field business being sequentially better by one or two points relative to Q4. And what you see is you have our in-store business, which is book now, but the orders were recorded about two quarters ago, give or take. So you see this in-store business because of this lag in the quarter, being still down. And you see, as George mentioned, an acceleration of our service business, which is largely offsetting what is happening in installed. So that's for our field business. If you look at our Global Products, again, we see today that we are gaining shares in the product we sell. And we're experiencing because of our product portfolio, the impact of the delay in commercial HVAC and Fire & Security businesses. And as we move into Q1, we see today a slightly larger revenue decline relative to Q4. And what is happening, and you saw that in our opening remarks, Nicole, Q4 was very strong, and largely -- not largely, but in part due to the demand we satisfied in Q4 due to the depressed Q3 we had. So, if you look at this 2-year stack, Q1 financial year '21 will be similar to Q4. So overall, an environment from a revenue standpoint, which is comparable to Q4, and we believe it's a prudent approach, despite an improvement in the level of order velocity. But as you saw in our guide, we believe we're going to be able, nevertheless, to protect the bottom line due to our cautious cost mitigation activities.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it. That's really helpful and then maybe just a follow-up also on first quarter. When we think about the 20 to 40 bps of expected margin improvement, can you just talk about any divergences between the segments? I know global products faced some unique challenges this quarter. Does that continue into the first quarter? And anything on the field businesses that we should make sure we think about?
Olivier Leonetti: We believe that without going into too much details, we will still some negative impact on our Global Products business for two reasons: one, exception of fixed costs and to product mix and our field business is keeping its momentum from a margin improvement standpoint.
Operator: Our last question will come from Scott Davis with Melius Research. Mr. Davis, your line is open.
Scott Davis: A couple of questions. But first, just is -- George, is M&A still on the table as a possibility in 2021?
George Oliver: Yes. I mean, absolutely, we're going to be very disciplined. But certainly, as we look at our capabilities and as we look to enhance some of our positions in technology and as we build out open blue, there's certainly going to be opportunities that we're going to pursue and have been pursuing. We've done some in the past year. We've done some bolt-ons. We completed the acquisition of Qolsys, which has helped us from an interactive standpoint technology capability that we're now leveraging more broadly. So yes, that's going to be -- as we think about growth, it's part of our capital deployment.
Scott Davis: Okay. And then on OpenBlue, George, and I know there's been a ton of questions, but just to clarify. When you do an install, I imagine there's a fair amount of upfront customization. And do you charge for that? Or is that part of kind of the SaaS pricing you expect over time to have perhaps a breakeven period and then a more profitable period after that? Is that a way to think about it?
George Oliver: Yes. So Scott, when you think about our installed business today, it is an applied business where we apply engineering. We configure solutions. We deploy those solutions with install. And then ultimately, we look to attach and get the life cycle service. And so today, in many ways, we do incur a lot of engineering upfront before we ultimately get a contract, and then we take the contract and pursue -- continue to pursue that. What OpenBlue does for us, it really changes the level of engagement with our customers, where now with OpenBlue, we can significantly change the outcomes that we can produce with the installations or solutions that we propose And then with that, that is incremental to what we historically would have done and certainly get paid for that upfront with the ability now to be able to attach recurring revenue onto that service on a go-forward basis. And so that's why when I say when we look at our pipeline of projects and we begin to deploy OpenBlue with those projects, it truly does differentiate how we can go-to-market and ultimately create outcomes that historically we haven't been able to achieve.
Operator: Thank you for your question. I will now turn the conference back over to George for some closing remarks.
George Oliver: Yes. Just to wrap up here, I want to thank everyone again for joining us this morning. I'm incredibly proud of how our teams responded in the time of the global pandemic and the progress that we've made as an organization, and I'm extremely pleased with our continued strong performance and very excited about the future opportunities, which we discussed today. I hope that you and your families remain safe, and I look forward to speaking with many of you soon. So operator, that concludes our call.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. We thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect and have a great rest of your day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Johnson Controls Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session.  This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will turn over the call to Antonella Franzen, Vice President and Chief Investor Relations and Communications Officer.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning. And thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls third quarter fiscal 2020 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com.
George Oliver: Thanks, Antonella, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on todays call. I hope you and your families are continuing to stay healthy and safe. Before we get into the detailed review of our third quarter results, Id like to start by providing you with several highlights and key messages coming out of the quarter on slide 3. I am extremely pleased with how we executed in the quarter and have been encouraged by the monthly sequential improvement. Conditions are beginning to normalize. Our facilities are operating at near-normal levels and access to customer sites is improving more and more every day. And although global macro conditions remain challenging, and the political and social climate in many parts of the world remains extraordinarily dynamic, we are capitalizing on near-term opportunities to engage with our customers as they enhance the health and safety of their buildings and position ourselves long-term as a leader in intelligent building solutions.
Brian Stief: Thanks, George and good morning everyone. So, lets take a look at the year-over-year EPS bridge on slide 10. As you can see, operations net of mitigating actions was a $0.16 headwind in Q3. And I would point out that although volumes were down significantly year-over-year, we did benefit from slightly favorable mix. Price/cost was again positive, and we achieved significant cost savings during the quarter. Ongoing synergies and productivity savings were additional $0.04 tailwind, as planned. And non-controlling interest was a $0.03 tailwind, as a result of lower earnings at our Hitachi joint venture. Lower share count, given our significant share repurchase activity over the past 12 months, provided us $0.10. In total, the quarter benefited from approximately $300 million in mitigating cost actions in response to COVID-19. So, lets take a look at the segment margin bridge on Slide 11. As I mentioned, we saw broad-based volume declines across all four business segments, as a result of COVID-19. However, our businesses did remain very-disciplined on price in an increasingly competitive environment and that accompanying with the benefit of a tailwind for most of our cost inputs, we were able to expand gross margins by 150 basis points year-over-year, and EBIT margins by 50 basis points. As a result, we held decrementals at 13% at the segment EBITDA level and 9% at the consolidated EBIT level. Relative to the framework weve provided you on our to Q2 call for decrementals being in the low 20s net of mitigating actions and high-teens including ongoing synergies and productivity at the EBIT level, I would just point out that volumes came in better than we expected. And as George mentioned, we accelerated our cost actions. So, lets go to slide 12 and review our segment results in more detail. Total Q3 revenues declined 16% organically as our shorter cycle Global Products business declined 20%, while install and service declined, 18% and 7%, respectively. The impacts of the pandemic were widespread, particularly at the beginning of the third quarter, with lockdowns in many parts of the world restricting our access to customer sites and disrupting our production capacity. Although field orders declined 16% in the quarter, we saw sequential improvement. Backlog of $9.1 billion increased 3% year-over-year and 1% on a sequential basis. Looking at the segments individually. North American revenues declined 13% with install down 16% and service down 7%. Applied HVAC declined high-single-digits and Fire & Security was down high-teens with Performance Solutions growing mid-single-digits in the quarter. Segment margins in North America increased 200 basis points to 15.4%, given the acceleration of the cost mitigation actions that took place during the quarter. I would also point out that North American gross margins continue to improve year-over-year. Orders in North America declined 16% with similar percent declines in both, HVAC and Fire & Security. In June, North American orders improved sequentially, trending down high-single-digits. North American backlog end of the quarter at $5.8 billion, up 2% year-over-year. Moving to EMEALA, revenues declined 15% with install down 24% and service down 6%. By end-market, applied HVAC declined at a mid-teens rate, while Fire & Security, which accounts for approximately 60% of segment revenues, decreased at a high-teens rate. Industrial refrigeration outperformed relative to the other end markets, declining only mid-single-digits in the quarter. I would note that by geography, we continue to see challenges across the regions. Europe declined high-teens, while the Middle East fell off double-digits and Latin America was down high-single-digits. Although EMEALAs EBITDA margins were down 300 basis points in the quarter, given the various country shutdowns and our relative cost structure across the region, gross margins are improving. As many parts of the region are now reopened, we expect improved margins in Q4, both on a year-over-year and sequential basis. Orders in EMEALA declined 20% in the quarter with service only down mid-single-digits. EMEALA ended with backlog of $1.7 billion, up 2% year-over-year. Moving to APAC, revenues were down 12% with install down 16% and service down 6%. Chinas significantly improved from the mid-30s decline we saw in Q2 to down only 4% in Q3. Although activity in China continues to improve, we were negatively impacted by extended and renewed lockdowns in other parts of Asia. APAC orders declined 10% in Q3, but backlog remains up 4% year-over-year at $1.6 billion. So, moving to Global Products, which declined 20% in the quarter, just outperformed our original expectations. Our North America resi business declined only mid single digits in Q3, driven primarily by favorable weather in June, strong dealer acquisition and the sharp release of some pent-up demand. We also saw share gain in the quarter, primarily the result of our new 14 SEER split system and a competitors production issue. Weve seen significant momentum into July, benefiting from unprecedented order growth in June and we expect a very strong Q4. In Asia Pacific, our residential business declined roughly 20%. However, we have seen signs of recovery in our largest markets, with Japan and Taiwan showing improvement in June. As you would expect, India was down significantly in Q3, due primarily to extended lockdowns related to pandemic. Overall, we expect our APAC residential business to show strong performance in Q4. Although our North America light commercial business declined more than 20% in the quarter, we saw strong signs of recovery in June with orders up 30%. Daily order rates continue to track higher in July, and we see good traction with our new higher tonnage rooftop replacement units. This will contribute to a significant sequential improvement in Q4. Applied chiller revenues declined around 20%, despite strong chiller and air handling unit replacements in North America as APAC declined due to continued project delays and elevated channel inventories. Fire and security products were impacted by production challenges early in the quarter, which we highlighted for you in our Q2 call. Overall, we saw a significant improvement in our Global Products segment in the month of June, exiting the quarter at a high single digit decline. So, lets see move to corporate expense on slide 13. Corporate expense was down significantly year-over-year to $48 million, reflecting cost mitigation actions, ongoing synergy and productivity save and our cost reductions related to the Power Solutions divestiture. We have not changed our guidance for fiscal 20, which implies Q4 corporate expense should be in the range of $50 million to $60 million. I would point out that certain benefits that were seeing in the second half of this year do relate to temporary cost reductions, which will put some pressure on corporate expense in fiscal 21. I think, the way to think about it is directionally for next year, corporate expense will be in the range of $300 million to $330 million. Turning to our balance sheet on slide 14. As you can see, there are no significant changes versus what we discussed with you in early May. Our short-term debt increased as a result of the opportunistic financing arrangements we put in place in April. Overall, our net debt leverage remains at 1.8 times, well below our target range of 2 to 2.5. Given our strong balance sheet position and cash generation in Q3, as George mentioned, we did resume our share repurchases in Q4, which will approximate $750 million. Weve also made excellent progress on our refinancing plan for our short-term maturities, which we expect to complete sometime in Q4. Were very comfortable with our liquidity and balance sheet position and will continue to maintain flexibility as we move through the next couple of quarters. Turning to cash flow on slide 15. Another strong cash quarter with reported cash flow just over $700 million, driven primarily by solid working capital improvement, particularly receivable collections. Adjusted free cash flow was $800 million. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow is $900 million, well above the prior year. And for the full year, we continue to expect our conversion to be in excess of 100%.  Lastly, before I turn it over to George, we did have three significant special items which are listed on slide 16 that Id like to comment on. As we highlighted for you last quarter, we did take $186 million restructuring charge in connection with our COVID-19 cost mitigation actions. The majority of this cash outflow related to this restructuring will occur in Q4. In addition, we also took a $424 million noncash impairment charge, related to goodwill for our retail business, which was triggered by the current depressed environment for the retail industry. And finally, we had a noncash mark-to-market adjustment of $132 million in the quarter, primarily related to our pension plans. So, overall, a real strong quarter in the current environment and were seeing continued momentum as we enter Q4. With that, George, Ill turn it back over to you.
George Oliver: Thanks, Brian. Lets turn to slide 17 for a look at our guidance for the fourth quarter. Given the trends in Q3, we expect to see a nice sequential improvement in revenue, which is expected to result in a year-over-year organic revenue decline in the high single to low double digit range, with sequential improvement expected across service, project installation and products. Although some temporary actions, such as furloughs will come back in Q4, we will continue to benefit from significant mitigating actions, which will keep our net EBIT decrementals, including synergies and productivity in the low teens range. Overall, we expect our fourth quarter earnings per share before special items to be in the range of $0.68 to $0.72, another strong quarter, given the unprecedented environment. Versus our framework for a 15% to 20% organic revenue decline in the second half, we now expect the second half to only be down low teens. This coupled with strong execution, and additional cost savings puts us in a very strong position to finish the year. We now expect our full year earnings per share to be in the range of $2.16 to $2.20, which represents an impressive year-over-year increase of 10% to 12%. As we continue to navigate through these unprecedented times, Johnson Controls is well-positioned, both financially and strategically. The launch of OpenBlue demonstrates our continued commitment to innovation, enhances our service capabilities and future proofs our strategy. We are in a leadership position to capitalize on recovery and create long-term shareholder value. With that, operator, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  Our first question comes from Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague: George, could you give us a little more color on OpenBlue? It looks like theres going to be a lot here for us to digest, not just today but going forward. But, just thinking about how you might be selling different with this, how the customer interaction might change and any kind of early color on adoption or feedback as you roll this out?
George Oliver: Yes. Let me just give the framework here. So, weve been -- with the merger we did four years ago, this was obviously a big focus area where we could take our multiple capabilities across our products, our digital platforms, bring that altogether into one architecture. So, this is really the investments that weve made over that period of time to bring the best together and ultimately create the platform. And with this, its really combining products, new technology solutions and services in one digital architecture. And I think, when you look at that, its taking what we do with our operational technology combined with IT systems, as well as a lot of new cloud applications that really does create a dynamic digital platform. And so, when you look at this, Jeff, it does enhance all of our domain today. So, in each one of our -- whether be HVAC or Security & Fire, a lot of these digital capabilities are being put to work today to enhance the services that we ultimately provide to our customers. This also gives us an opportunity to create an ecosystem to be able to bring together other technology companies, and where were now deploying artificial intelligence and digital twins, to be able to deliver unrealized and increased value to our customers. And so, I think, as we see it today, we are selling this as part of our core. And now, with the announcement today, its really now taken that to the next level and we think now more than ever, its critical that building environments are safe and secure. So, its not only making sure that we have the highest level of indoor air quality, but its also combining what we do there with all of the other digital systems within the building to ultimately create the healthiest and safest environment for our customers. And so, I think its -- were already deploying this today in a number of our core businesses. And I believe that this is going to enable us now with the bigger problems that were focusing on solving to be able to do a lot more and how we ultimately support our customers with their return to work.
Jeff Sprague: Thanks. And then, just as unrelated follow-up. Obviously, distinguished yourself very nicely here with this decremental margin improvement. It looks like youre trying to make sure your position to also kind of leverage the recovery. But, I think thats a question on a lot of peoples minds, as things go the other way. How are you thinking about incremental margins now, when your revenues do kind of flip to positive potentially here in the next few quarters?
George Oliver: Yes. What I would say is -- what I said in my prepared remarks, weve done incredible job here really going after the cost, not only on a temporary basis, but really looking at significant restructuring thats going to position us here going forward in 21. And so, I believe that the permanent actions that weve taken will absolutely offset the -- or mitigate the temporary actions related to the compensation that we ultimately got benefit of this year. And so, when you look at the incremental margins going forward, with all of the changes that ultimately have occurred, I believe were going to be very well positioned post-COVID. And we believe that theres still lots of opportunity, certainly were focused on making sure that were playing offense and really focusing on the top-line and going after the new opportunities that we see, given the environment were in. But, at the same time, were being very-disciplined from a cost standpoint, not only executing on the restructuring, but also on the temporary costs that we address this year, making sure that they dont come back in -- at a level that doesnt align to the volumes that were ultimately going to see as we get into 2021. And so, I feel very good Jeff that wed get incremental margins of 30% as we go forward. And with the work that the team has done here, I feel very good as we position for 21.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you for that. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joe Ritchie: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Joe Ritchie: So, maybe just starting off, like, on the service versus install. I think, as expected, service did a little bit better than install this quarter. Im just curious, as you kind of progress throughout the quarters, how did onsite access work? Were you able to get into a lot more access into facilities. I think, when we talked had intra-quarter, youd mentioned that you had about 20% of your business that you had access to, but want to see how that trended as the quarter progressed?
George Oliver: What we saw during this period of time is really unprecedented, given the shutdowns that occurred, and throughout most of the quarter what I would say, all of our field businesses experienced a lot of restricted access to customer sites, limiting our ability to perform our typical service and install work. And it was really an abnormal phenomenon relative to what we would see as a typical downturn. And so, even with that, like I said, I believe we outperformed, we were down 9% on a global basis, and we pretty much -- in line with where we saw the most significant lockdown. Now, when I look at our service days and in line with your question is that about two-thirds of our service revenue is recurring, and about 40% of that is actually done remotely, where over about 40% does not require access to the customer and requires access at an agreed upon time. And that typically -- it mainly inspire where you actually have to go on site, giving codes on on-prem inspections where theyre performed. And thats a big chunk of our services. Its roughly a little over $1 billion in PSAs in Fire that are excluded from that 40%. And so, we do see that getting better, Joe, as were going forward. Weve seen a significant improvement in June and then again now in July, with our overall service activity. And so, it does help. We can do it remotely. But -- and I think weve done that extremely well, given the restrictions that weve had. But, now with things opening up, were starting to see that demand come back very nicely.
Joe Ritchie: Thats great. Thats great to hear, George. And I guess my one follow-on question -- and by the way, I should say also kind of congratulations on OpenBlue. But, the one quick follow-on was on free cash flow. Clearly, very strong, this quarter is better than last year, which is pretty incredible, just given the unprecedented decline weve seen this quarter. I guess, Brian, just maybe provide a little bit more details on what drove the free cash flow this quarter, and how to think about free cash flow going forward. I know, its a little early for 21. But, how are you guys thinking about that on a go forward basis?
Brian Stief: Yes. And I think when you look at Q3, very strong quarter, I do think there was probably some timing between Q3 and Q4 which is why we didnt change our guide here to greater than 100% for the full year. But, when I look forward, I still believe 100% free cash flow is our near-term target. And I have all positive signs that were going to be able to deliver that. I think some of the activities that our cash management office that we put in place two years ago, they have done a fantastic job of really getting policies and procedures and protocols in place on a global basis now. And I think, were starting to see the benefits of that in the routine processes that weve got around cash collection, cash forecasting. So, when we look at the second half, I think you ought to think of it in terms of second half getting us to that greater than 100% free cash. There might have been a little pull forward here in Q3.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: So, first of all, I appreciate the guidance. Most companies are still shying away from formal guidance. So, I appreciate that. My first question is really, can we just run through in a bit more sort of detail, the difference between the commercial HVAC performance in Global Products versus what we saw in the geographic segments? I think, its probably due to destocking from channels. I know you typically go through independent channels in Global Products. But, can you maybe just talk about whether there is any geographic things to think about that or is it just primarily destocking?
George Oliver: When we look at commercial -- on commercial applied, we were down, on a revenue basis, we were down about 9%. And that was split between, install being a little bit greater and service being down about 6%. And when you look at the orders on commercial applied, we were down about 11%. And that split where Asia started to recover faster and that was down a little less than North America, and EMEALA was down in the high teens. So thats -- I believe thats what youre looking for. Thats on the applied. And then, when you look at the commercial unitary, HVAC was down about 25%. And when you look at what we said is that we are gaining traction as we look at share and the progress that we made in the quarter and then in June what we saw from an order standpoint really have seen a pickup there. And so, I think we feel very good about that space going forward. And then, thats on a commercial side. And did you -- I missed your -- I couldnt really hear you Nigel, were you -- as far as on the residential HVAC?
Nigel Coe: No. Its really more about just explaining the difference between the performance we saw in Global Products where I think we saw much heavier declines in both, unitary and applied commercial versus what we saw in the geo segments. So, Im just trying to understand that dynamic. That was just my question.
George Oliver: Okay. And then, on the -- when you look at the products, the pure products, I apologize, the pure products were down, roughly -- when you look at the different businesses, we were down, overall about 20%. And we broke that down out into residential, which as Brian said, North America was pretty strong thats coming back nicely. And orders in June were very, very strong, up almost 200%. And then, on the other side, on the North America commercial, look at that, like I said, were coming back there. And then, the other one is on the APAC residential, were down about 20% in Hitachi. And thats mainly driven by some of the challenges that weve had in the markets there being shut down, as well as in Japan and Taiwan markets now beginning to recover, and theyre actually coming back very nicely. And so, that was the -- so to your point, early in the quarter, we saw destocking and some challenges there. But, what we saw during the quarter, from an order standpoint, thats coming back very nicely within our Global Products business. And thats going to play out here as we get through the fourth quarter.
Nigel Coe: And my follow-on is really about this return to work, getting customers prepared for that. And obviously, everyones getting very excited about air quality, indoor air quality. And it seems that the breadth of your portfolio is pretty uniquely well-positioned to help customers solve these problems, be it tracing employees or access, continue access and even the changed filters and that kind of stuff. Our customers looking for complete solutions here? I mean, are you seeing that and therefore, the breadth of your portfolio helping or is it still very much bucket b bucket? Any color that would be helpful.
George Oliver: Now, let me start, Nigel, by saying, the changes that are coming to buildings and infrastructure post this pandemic, absolutely does play to our strengths. Our entire strategy revolves around capitalizing on the evolution to these smarter, safer spaces. And why we have a unique competitive position? We do look at this holistically. And when you look at our service techs, we have the largest team of service techs and sales forces globally with the one of the largest install bases and an unmatched product portfolio depth and breadth. And so, if you go through the domain, so lets start with HVAC and indoor air quality. Were certainly addressing this when you start with -- you can start with active filtration. Were now -- the recommendation is going from a MERV 6 to 8 to a MERV 13, 14. And that we can do that. And we ultimately -- you can do that. But many times, it does require to upgrade the fan motor to be able to get the full airflow necessary to support the space that youre conditioning. So, yes, were doing that. The other piece is with our controls, were making sure that you get the proper flow of outdoor air. So, you get the maximum air purification with the outdoor air exchange. Were very much -- thats another part of the solution. And then, in our air handlers as well our rooftop units, where we deploy UV lighting technologies or bipolar ionization that ultimately -- depending on the space that youre serving, ultimately purifies the air. And then, at the high end with help of filters, we not only provide portable units, but we also attach our -- help our filtration units to ducted system. And weve been the leader in being able to provide standup capacity for hospitals with this temporary space that weve been building across the globe, with our capabilities. And then, with that, every one of these situations requires engineering. And so, how you go into a particular customer and whether it be filtration or air purification technologies, and/or how you change the makeup air or outdoor air flow, and then ultimately, how you upgrade the overall system to be able to achieve the highest level of air purification? Thats one aspect, but what I see the opportunity to be is how does that combine with the other building systems that we ultimately deploy, which is Fire & Security. You might have seen where we launched our new camera, thermal imaging camera last week, that is got the -- it's approved by the FDA and its got the tightest variation on being able to check temperatures, not only at entries, but then being able to be deployed more broadly across indoor space. And so, that can be attached to the systems that we deploy. Frictionless, as far as how we upgrade all of these devices within a facility and become frictionless. And then, the last is whats been most exciting for us is taking what we do today with those systems and being able to track and trace, so we can ultimately identify individuals where theyve been within a facility who theyve been with, and potentially if they were to be infected, who would need to be quarantined. And so, I believe this digital control does create a competitive advantage. It offers a unique, enhanced user experience with these type of capabilities beyond just any one of the domains, Nigel.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Davis of Melius Research. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: The OpenBlue seems pretty interesting and who -- just logistically, George, who installs the product? I mean, youve got your field technicians, your 16,000 folks. Do you have an infrastructure of -- does it require some sort of specialization to install the product and customize it for the customer? And do you guys do that or someone else does that?
George Oliver: So, one of our advantages, Scott, is that we do that. I mean, we have technicians in the field. And as weve been deploying these capabilities, weve been obviously enhancing the skill sets of the technicians required to ultimately deploy these types of solutions. And so, that has been ongoing as weve been enhancing these capabilities. And so, I think when you look at our footprint, and not only having our core technologies that we deploy, but now being able to put all of those together into a simple architecture, and be able to then now create outcomes that our customers are looking for to solve some of these new challenges, this is going to give us some incredible advantage.
Scott Davis: Yes. It seems interesting. But, when you think about your main competitors, George, I mean Honeywell has a pretty solid product, Snyder is the solid product, plenty of others. But, do you guys feel like youve had a chance to see what everybody else has and come up with something that is better or is it just better because youve got the installed base, you know the customer, you know the needs more, youve got a broader set of product in the building, et cetera? I mean, just try to get a sense of where you think it stacks up versus perhaps the competitors?
George Oliver: Yes. I believe that is absolutely a step forward because its taken all of the operational technology that we have embedded within our products in edge devices. Its ultimately then integrating that with IT systems, allowing us with that with our platform to be able to create cloud applications. And so, its built off of our core product technologies. And now with the integration of the software into one architecture, allows -- it allows us to be able to create a very dynamic digital platform that we can now create significant outcomes. It takes what I said earlier, very inflexible asset. It makes it very dynamic with the data that we can extract and then ultimately create new services for the customers. And it just happens to be timed when our customers are looking for a lot of new solutions, given the challenges that theyre facing now with the pandemic and the return to work.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa of JP Morgan.
Steve Tusa: The order pipeline, I mean, it just seems like were kind of in across the industry, obviously residential, but even maybe commercial a little bit, everybodys showing these kind of tough order declines, but backlog is not going down. So, it seems like there is a little bit of kind of, pent up push forward. And you said in your remarks that the pipeline -- there havent many cancellations, theres basically been pushed to the right. Is that -- what does that total pipeline look like on year-over-year basis? I assume its not like growing. So, is it just that -- is it the same number of opportunities that are just kind of getting like pushed forward a bit? Maybe just talk about kind of that dynamic on the commercial side as we try and gauge orders to revenues, and how thats going to convert over the next several quarters?
George Oliver: Yes. Let me give you some color there. I think throughout Q3, and of course, were engaging with customers on a real-time basis, understanding what their demands are and what else we need to do to support some of the new challenges. So, we have a lot of good insight into what is happening. We did see, like I said, the field order pipeline being pushed a bit to the right. We havent seen significant cancellations of existing orders. We have seen some of what was in the pipeline get removed from the pipeline now, given the economic conditions. But, even with all of that our pipeline was up 3% on a year-on-year basis. So, we did see steep declines in April and May, we did see material improvement in June. And so, I think that gives us the sense that now whats in the pipeline is beginning to convert. And then, as I said on the Global Products, we were challenged in April and May, and that we track book and bill there, but we did see on a recovery basis in June, and thats continuing in July, were seeing very good order flow over that period of time. And so, we believe overall Steve that orders should continue to improve sequentially in Q4, supported by the pipeline, which I just discussed. And I think when you look at -- we continue to engage with customers in providing support to COVID-19 challenges. And I believe that based on what were seeing here real time that it continues to improve.
Antonella Franzen: I would just add in there, and just to remind folks that our orders for Global Products are not in our overall order number. And you mentioned earlier, like commercial and residential and a lot of activity that folks are seeing. And just to be clear, we saw a very similar trend and had really good order growth in both, the commercial side and the residential side in our Global Products business, particularly in the month of June, and as Brian mentioned, unprecedented order growth in the month of June in residential.
Steve Tusa: Right. And thats that backlog of one that you showed in the slides there?
Antonella Franzen: Yes. But that .
Steve Tusa: Got it. And just one last one. Any way to kind of quantify any kind of -- what the mix benefits are when install goes down so much more than services?
Antonella Franzen: Well, see, let me take that one. So, overall mix, theres a lot of different dynamics to think about, when you think about our business, because service and install is one component of mix. But then, remember, within each field business and even within Global Products, each domain has mixed up as well. So, overall for the quarter, when you look at all the businesses and various mix across the board, I would say mix overall was about a 20 basis-point benefit.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deane Dray of RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Could we go back to the indoor air quality topic? And George, what percent of your installed base you think have done their initial assessment of their HVAC systems, as well as their security systems. Because you do the initial assessment first and then you can assess what is needed in terms of upgrades on filtration and air handling and so forth? So, thats the first part. And then, can you provide us a framework for what you think that potential revenue ramp will look like, again, for all the COVID upgrades?
George Oliver: Id just says, its hard to predicting. But, what I would say is that every -- all of our customers with -- and I think this is true for all of us, right? As were thinking about our own spaces, were all -- I think, this goes right up to the CEO level, understanding what is being done within facilities to be able to safely return their employees to work. And so, I think theres active engagement and understanding what ultimately needs to be done and what the potential solutions can be. So, I think were in that early phase with a very, very active engagement and putting forward what we can do and ultimately how we can address the challenges and what needs to happen to not only improve the indoor air quality, but how do you enhance that with our ability to be able to do temperature checking and be able to integrate that with their building systems and do track and trace. And so, I think, its in the very early stages, but very active engagement with our customers. And so, I think, at this stage, its hard to predict what that ultimately is going to be. But, I would tell you that the activity is significant across all of our customers. And so, were already -- I can tell you with this thermal imaging camera for instance, you can attach that to an existing system, you can deploy that not only at the entrance to a site, but then maybe in some common areas within the facilities, so that you could detect very accurately temperatures of occupants. And then, youd be able to then quickly assess, if there was an elevated temperature, to be able to then isolate that individual. And then, if there were any other people with our track and trace around that individual, then youd be able to address and isolate the problem. And so, these are being deployed incrementally, as far as parts of solutions. And then, obviously working with customers and looking at more comprehensive solutions that ultimately address the new workplace.
Deane Dray: And just, can you expand on the point on the importance of doing remote monitoring, now. Youre already positioning Fire & Security for monitoring. But now, commercial buildings care so much about their indoor air quality on a go forward basis, not just in the time of the upgrade, but on a regular go forward basis. And maybe thats CO2 monitoring. But, what -- from the technology standpoint you are positioned today to incorporate HVAC monitoring going forward?
George Oliver: Well, it starts with everything being connected. And so, were making sure that all products that we deploy are connected, and then, with that connection, being able to provide services that ultimately address whether it be energy efficiency, whether it be monitoring the equipment operation and maintaining the service of that. So, connectivity is the start of it; and then, the ability to be able to collect data, not only on an individual piece of equipment, but how does that correlate to other systems within the building that enable us with now OpenBlue that we can provide the most enhanced solution or the most value for our customers and how we either drive sustainability, efficiency, health or safety. And thats the unique advantage that we have now with this connectivity and with this architecture within this platform.
Deane Dray: Thats really helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Markus Mittermaier of UBS. Your line is open.
Markus Mittermaier: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. Maybe I can start with OpenBlue as well, the slide that you have on page five, here on the ecosystem map. If you consider sort of the profit pools behind this map, where do you see your current strength in the portfolio and gaps, and how does that then relate to the M&A priorities? I mean, do you think more sort of vertical atrocity, various thick layers or still sort of horizontal along the edge and device layer? Maybe lets start there.
George Oliver: Yes. So, the idea of OpenBlue is we bring our domain and core capabilities to the platform and then its open, so that we can integrate other systems within the building where we dont have that domain, and then bring that together into one platform that allows us to then be able to utilize the data and apply analytics, AI analytics to be able to create the outcomes that were committed to achieve. And so, it doesnt mean that you have to have every one of these domains. Although what I would say, it does build off of our strength of being a leader in building controls, and then having the multiple digital systems that we have today within Security & Fire that comes together into the platform and gives us incredible opportunity to now be able to bring these types of solutions to the market with this connectivity.
Markus Mittermaier: Great, thanks. And then, maybe second one on client security. Can you just peel the onion a little bit? You mentioned the production issues that you have flagged and sort of like extended and renewed locked downs in Asia. If you look at the supplemental data that you published, which is quite helpful, ex-retail looks like EMEALA was sort down low-teen, North America mid-teen, how much of that is sort of like really pushed out, rather than kind of disappeared? You mentioned $1 billion roughly, of your top line that you have access. So, how should you think about Q4, in light of all these access issues that you have? Thank you.
George Oliver: Yes. So, we were -- when you look at -- I mean, we go through each of the regions. But in general, I think whats happened is, certainly with the shutdowns, there was a significant impact in Q3 and very unusual to these typical downturns. And so, what were seeing now, with the return to work as facilities are opening, certainly now the demand is coming back as we would expect, in the month of June, and now even more so in July. And so, well see sequential improvement, as were going forward in each one of these areas, based on -- I mean, we are concerned in a few areas where were going through -- theyre going through kind of a second wave or shutdowns and a couple of regions in Asia Pack and maybe Latin America and the like. But, where the opening up is continuing, were seeing similar type demand come back for our services.
Antonella Franzen: Operator, Id like to turn the call over to George for some closing comments.
George Oliver: Yes. Again, thanks again for joining our call this morning. I want to thank our employees for their extraordinary efforts during this unprecedented time. I am extremely pleased with our continued strong performance. And again, I hope that you and your families remain safe. And I look forward to speaking with many of you soon. So, operator, that concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-05-01 07:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Johnson Controls' Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session.  This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will turn the call over to Antonella Franzen, Vice President and Chief Investor Relations and Communications Officer.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls' second quarter fiscal 2020 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com.
George Oliver: Thanks, Antonella, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call. I hope you and your families are staying safe and healthy during these extraordinary times. You may have noticed from our slide presentation, we are taking a very different approach compared to our traditional quarterly earnings call format. In order to focus our discussion on addressing the impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the steps we have taken as a company to partially mitigate the financial impacts and position the company to capitalize on the eventual recovery. Although we have withdrawn our guidance for the year, I will provide some color commentary on how we are thinking about the second half later in the call. We'll allow plenty of time for your questions. Let's get started on Slide 3. Clearly, we are navigating through unprecedented times. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has had profound impacts on the way we live our daily lives and the way companies run their businesses. We believe most of these impacts are largely transitory, but the dramatic slowdown in global economic conditions presents very real challenges.
Brian Stief: Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. So let's start with a quick look at our year-over-year EPS bridge on Slide 10. Volume and mix including the estimated sales impact from COVID-19 of $350 million to $390 million, was a $0.10 headwind and this was offset by $0.04 of mitigating actions and a $0.02 tailwind and non-controlling interest as a result of lower earnings in our consolidated Hitachi JV. The net $0.05 to $0.07 estimated EPS COVID impact we discussed on Slide 8 is included in these three columns. As expected synergies and productivity save, net financing charges and share account with tailwinds in the quarter.
George Oliver: Thanks, Brian. Let me spend a few minutes on our thoughts for the second half of our fiscal year on Slide 17. We are planning for an organic revenue decline in the range of 15% to 20% with the most significant impact expected in Q3. As I mentioned, we have taken numerous actions both temporary and permanent in nature to help mitigate the financial impact. The benefit of these actions will keep the net decrementals on the revenue decline in the low 20s, which speaks to the value of the mitigating actions we are taking. It is important to keep in mind that the $400 million to $450 million of mitigating actions are in addition to the $150 million of synergies and productivity we have committed for the year, of which $80 million is expected to be delivered in the second half. Our focus is on controlling what we can control and that is ensuring we are financially and strategically well positioned when we exit this crisis. The permanent actions we have taken will ensure we have a lean cost structure while protecting our product and channel investments to lead the new norm as we go forward. As the largest pure play buildings provider, we are leading the change to provide more resilient and flexible building spaces, safer environments, touchless or frictionless access and remote monitoring service delivery. This combined with our position as a leader in intelligent and sustainable building solutions, enables us to deliver the outcomes that matter most to our customers. Depth and breadth of our product portfolio combined with proven expertise and an expansive global footprint provides us with a unique advantage as the evolution of the built environment accelerates. With that, operator, please open up the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin our question-and-answer session.  Our first question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Hope you're all well.
George Oliver: Good morning, Jeff.
Brian Stief: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Good morning.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
Jeff Sprague: Just two from me real quickly. George, we did see a pretty abrupt impact on your orders and obviously this is unprecedented type situation. But I wonder if you could spend a little time on what the forward order, kind of horizon looks like. Is there wavering in the pipeline? How are people feeling about kind on new construction projects? Obviously, the backlog is nice and gives you some support for awhile, but just wondering what's kind of on the new horizon to kind of backfill on the backlog?
George Oliver: Yes. Let me start Jeff by just giving my thoughts on the non-resi construction and then I'll give you a kind of sense on where we are here in April. We are tracking the macro trends and third-party data closely. I would say that we've had incredible discussions with our customers and understanding what their plans are. I would say that through, as we look at our order pipeline, although it's still up, it has moved to the right, purely timing. What I would say about a quarter. Certainly because of that it is what drove us to take the actions that we're taking now, both temporary as well as the permanent cost  the cost structure changes. And I do believe that there'll be some continued disruptions here which we have limited visibility today. But I think it's kind of tough to look beyond the next six to nine months. I believe short term, our backlog position as Brian discussed positions us here to bridge the gap. And if I were to play out what's happened here, when I look at Q2, we did have a demand air pocket and started certainly in China, Hong Kong, Japan, some of our larger markets in Asia Pac. And then with the shutdowns that occurred in North America and EMEA/LA, that continued and we see that continuing here in third quarter. We did see an impact on service a bit, but that was mainly because of sites being shut down. We do expect that to come back pretty well here as we get through the quarter. So as we laid out our plan based on what we learned on the second half of March obviously, we looked at April and we said orders would potentially be down somewhere kind of high teens, 20%. Based on the daily activity that I've seen and we're watching this every day. It's coming in at about that level. What I would say within that Asia Pac is better. And so what you can see in the pipeline and the orders suggest that that will get back to a more normal by the fourth quarter. And so that is encouraging based on what we're seeing happening in APAC. But certainly as you would expect with all of the shutdowns that occurred in EMEA/LA as well as in North America until our customers come back to work and we're actively engaging with them. It's hard to put that clearer picture together, but based on the interactions I've seen, I am fairly confident that over the next three months we'll see continued improvement. So, although it's kind of high teens orders in April, that'll continue to improve as we go through the second half.
Jeff Sprague: Thanks for that. And maybe a follow up, maybe it's for Brian. But on the $400 million to $450 million of cost reductions, how much of that is kind of structural in nature that we could kind of think about carrying over into next fiscal year?
George Oliver: So as you would expect, we started early. What we saw happening in China, obviously, we have a big footprint there. And so we began immediate actions. Now some of the actions are temporary, such as unpaid time off, furloughs, other employee compensation, reduced travel. You can imagine all of those actions. And then the other is looking at this from a structural standpoint that we've been able to now proceed with and we'll have a much bigger impact as we move forward. As we look at the world today and what has happened, what I would tell you it has really changed the way we're working virtually. And very quickly we had all of our salary teams working remotely with full security as well as access to Microsoft Teams and the like so we could stay engaged. And so with all of that happening, as we look going forward, it gives us opportunities to think differently and think about our cost structure and ultimately enhance our productivity. And so as you look at the actions we took of the $400 million to $450 million of the mitigating actions expected to come through in the second half, about 80% are temporary. And then the other impact in the quarter are the structural actions that we're taking. Recognizing that though, that's only one  it's only really the benefit of about one quarter. Then as you project that in 2021, we actually have a margin structure that with the volumes that we're anticipating, that well actually have better margin structure.  And when we look at the buckets of cost, you will about 60% is comp and ben, and that's the result of the furloughs and other employee comp and some of the restructuring. You get 30% thats indirect spend and about 10% in facilities, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: All right, thanks for that. Thats all I have. I will talk soon.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hey guys good morning. 
George Oliver: Good morning Steve.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning Steve.
Brian Stief: Good morning Steve.
Steve Tusa: Thanks for all the detail on the breakout and all this costs. Lots of big numbers being thrown out there. Temporary, you guys seem to be doing some structural stuff as well. So that seems to be a positive. Any color at all on kind of how this 15% to 20% breaks down kind of quarter-to-quarter, or should we just assume that it's within a band kind of stable for third and fourth quarter?
George Oliver: Yes, so Steve, as we looked at the third and fourth quarter and try to model this and how it's going to play out based on what we learned in March, certainly the larger impact will be in Q3. And we are tracking Asia-Pac will be better because they are now in the recovery mode. But as you look at EMEA/LA and North America, April will be the toughest month and that'll continue to get better through the quarter. But if you look at the two quarters, the larger impact is going to be in Q3.
Steve Tusa: Got it.
George Oliver: And so that's why as we saw this happening, we took the actions that we took on very proactively with the temporary actions and then, really then went into the next phase of our permanent cost reductions, which is going to play out, well not only in the second half, but it will set us up well for 2021. And that's what gets us to the net decrementals to be in the low 20s, in the second half. And then when you look at that combined with the  that combines with the addition of the $150 million of the plan, synergies and productivity that well achieve for the year. About $80 million of that is actually in the second half of the year.
Steve Tusa: Got it.
Antonella Franzen: Just to help you with the models as well, then below the decrementals, I mean, we continue to take a hard look at our corporate cost structure. I have taken additional actions really as a result of The COVID situation, so our corporate expense now which original guidance was $330 to $340, we would now be in that $265 to $275 range. And then for net financing cost, even though we've taken on some more debt since we suspended our share repurchase program, those two pretty much offset. So net financing costs, we're going to retain at that $245 to $255 level. And then when you look at minority interests or non-controlling interests as a result of some of the pressures that we're seeing in our Hitachi JV, our original guide for non-controlling interest was $210 to $220 and we're moving that down now to $150 to $170, given the pressure we're seeing in Hitachi. So those are kind of three below the line items that'll be helpful to you as you update your models.
Steve Tusa: Great, very helpful. Just one last one from me. So if you are down at kind of the lower end of the range of that in 3Q, kind of the 15 to 20, I mean does that mean like install related stuff, because I would think services would maybe hold up a little better or maybe there's some shutdown impacts, maybe that's the difference, but does that mean install is down like in the 30s?
George Oliver: No, no. When you look at the way this plays out is the install  the pressure on install is actually access to sites and all the shutdowns that have occurred in EMEA/LA, it started in China. So when you look at what happened in China in the second quarter, our install was done about 30%, I believe, or thereabouts. And so that will be coming back in third quarter and fourth quarter. When you look at service in Asia Pac, it was down about 7%. Now a lot of that is purely because of access to facilities in the sites that we provide service to. When you look at EMEA/LA and North America, certainly that started at the end of March and that's continuing through April. So we do see an impact, like I said, starting out. And when I, when I gave those previous numbers, those are orders. As far as revenue well be similarly at the higher end of the decline here in April, but we believe that that will sequentially get better as a quarter plays out. And so installs mainly access to sites and then service was purely temporary because of the shutdowns. But we believe that that will  April be the toughest and we'll get better monthly on a go-forward basis.
Steve Tusa: Totally, totally makes sense. Okay. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from, Scott Davis, with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hi, good morning guys.
George Oliver: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis: Thanks for the color on everything. So its early in the morning. But I'm just kind of curious George, a couple of your comments about just what perhaps the building customer may do going forward from whether it's UV-light, or filtration, or some sort of retrofit to perhaps just improve the air quality the building is. Is it too early to have those conversations with your customers? Is it just everybody just scrambling to stay alive right now? And is that a real theme you think that there will be a fair amount of spend that needs to occur to clean the air?
George Oliver: Yes Scott, what I would say is were in very active engagements with our customers in defining what the new norm is going to be and what technology can do to ultimately address some of the new challenges. Some of what you discussed is absolutely front and center. Initially it's as simple as adding IR scanners so that we can do temperature checks and the like, it's sanitation, it's enhanced filtration and other technologies that can ultimately drive purification of the air. What I talked about in my, my prepared remarks, I would categorize it in four key buckets. What we learned in this hospital response, in this healthcare response is, I think, there is a view that that space is going to be much more flexible and that's across verticals and what can be done to create flexible space. It's going to be safer environments as you say, not only the air purification but then touch-less and frictionless, everything within buildings and infrastructure. What I would say is it's going to be more automation that ties to more automation, which ultimately plays to our strengths. So those are the trends. And I would tell you Scott that very actively engaged with other CEO's and a bunch of our customers in really defining what the new norm will be. And then from an innovation standpoint, we're already deploying resources, very actively working in partnership with our customers to be able to deliver on these types of solutions.
Scott Davis: Okay. That sounds interesting. So just to somewhat separate less positive topics, just when you think about your backlog, is there a certain percentage of it that you can consider at a high risk, like hotels, things like that, that just  the projects just may not get off the ground in the next few years?
George Oliver: So right out of the gate we have really gone through all of the backlog recognizing that there is going to be some industries that are going to be extremely challenged given what the impact that this has had. And I would tell you that most of what we've seen from that has been where projects have been pushed to the right. And so although we've seen short term, the inability to convert, although I would tell you the activity is still very high. We've had thousands of customer engagements via video meetings on continuing to stay engaged and ultimately executing on their demand and being able to support them. And so when I look at the backlog where it was actually up 4% that's purely because of the way how things played out from a revenue turn standpoint. I believe that  and the pipeline is actually up then, although there'll be some that are going to be delayed and potentially canceled because of the state of the industry, I think, that there's new demand that's back-filling that that's coming into the pipeline as fast, given what we see today.
Brian Stief: I would just add to that we haven't done a backlog review of the $9 billion though. And as George said, sitting here today, we have not seen a significant number of cancellations. We have seen more delays versus cancellation. So it's something we monitor every month in the ops meetings that we have with our business units. And we'll keep a close eye on it.
Scott Davis: Okay. Thank you. That's encouraging. Good luck guys. Stay safe.
Brian Stief: Likewise.
George Oliver: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning guys.
George Oliver: Good morning Nigel.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
Nigel Coe: Good morning. So I want to go back to the second half outlook, recognizing that the 15%, 20% is a planning range. Could you maybe just I mean, I think Steve might have tried  kind of dug into this a little bit, but how do you see service within that 15% to 20%? And then if you could break out how you view Fire, versus Security, versus HVAC service within that kind of range you put out there?
George Oliver: Yes, so we look at  well, I'll give you a sense on Q2 and then how that continues to play out here over the third and fourth quarter. When you look at products, let's start with products down 8% in Q2 will continue at  that'll be a little bit worse in Q3 mainly because of the residential HVAC, which we talked about in the prepared remarks. And then when you look at the mix of that it will be pretty much across all of the domains. Although BMS is actually holding up pretty well, our digital businesses are holding up well, so most of the decline is being driven by HVAC, as well as Fire & Security. When you look at the Field, the Field was down 3%, service was up one, but that was with North American EMEA/LA up offset with the decline in Asia Pac down 7%. And so as I said earlier, I believe that service, we will see some short term impacts in service even in EMEA/LA in North America here over the next one to two months. But I believe that the service based on our backlog and the demand from L&M, that'll continue to come back over time. On the install side, as I said, we have a good backlog and purely  right now it's purely because of the shutdowns that's impacting our ability to be able to convert the install revenue. And so as we saw, as I said, it's going to start off at the higher end of that impact. In some cases maybe a little bit worse because even in China, we saw our install get impacted by 30% with the complete shutdown. But as that goes forward with more access to customer sites into projects, we see that continuing to improve through the quarter with service coming back sooner than the total install.
Nigel Coe: So would you expect sales to be within that range at the low end, or would it be below the low end of that 15%?
George Oliver: Yes, so Nigel, as everyone were trying to project what we see happening. This is really based on what we've seen in the last few weeks. I am encouraged that because we've been deemed essential everywhere we work across the globe, recognize that we've stayed pretty much in operations, although we've had some disruptions, we maintained our operations because of the criticality of what we do, supporting our customers. And so most of the impact is purely because we haven't had the access to be able to perform what we do at customer sites. And so a lot of its dependent on that, and how countries open up, and how businesses open up and sites open up. So it's really dependent on that Nigel. But based on what we see here in April, I'm encouraged based on what we've provided for a framework that we are in line with that.
Nigel Coe: Okay and I recognize it.
Brian Stief: Another way to think about that, Nigel, is our service business is roughly what, 25%, 30% of the consolidated, we're giving a range here of 15% to 20% enterprise wide. So if you look at that and say our products business is about $8 billion, our service business is $6 billion and the remaining is the install piece. I think the service decline is going to be lower than the 15% to 20% range we're given. And then install will be on  will be higher, a bit higher on the high end. And then products is just somewhat dependent upon how we ramp up in some of our manufacturing facilities. George mentioned in his comments that right now we are in pretty good shape, were monitoring some things in Mexico and India, but some of it is dependent upon how quickly we can ramp back up from a manufacturing standpoint. So the 15% to 20% is intended to be kind of a broad guide post here, but service would be lower on the low end or lower certainly than the 15% to 20% range.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Yes, that what I was trying to get to. Obviously, recognizing that there's not a lot of decimal points here on the numbers. But George, can you quickly just address in China and Asia Pacific in April which businesses you've seen spring back quickly and which businesses are still somewhat depressed?
George Oliver: So when you look at Asia Pac in total, it's pretty mixed. Starting with China, most companies are back to work. I wouldn't say things are back to total normal, but I would say probably in the 80% to 90% area. And we're coming back nicely. We've seen some nice pickup in orders and activity there. Obviously there's still travel restrictions within the country. We are watching, what I would say, we're watching a couple of other areas closely, Singapore and India because of the current lockdowns and there are some pressures there. So when you look at our headquarters, we're back full operations at our headquarters in Shanghai. So overall, I think, we're using that as a model and understanding how that plays out across these other countries. We do expect to see continued challenges in the region in the second half of the year with the larger impact in Q3. If you look at specifically your question on China, I would say the biggest impact, as I said earlier, overall it's about 6% of our consolidated revenue. The revenues were down about 35% organically in the Field, in the Field-based businesses. And a lot of this was driven by our install business in China. But even with that, the good news there is with the work we've done around gross margins with pricing and productivity, our margins are up nicely. And so on a go-forward basis, we feel good with the recovery that's going to play out there. And that seems to be happening as we sit here today through April. And so we are somewhat encouraged by that trend. Now on products, we also have had the impact in products. It's about 5% of the total segment. As Brian talked about, we do have our facilities back in running. The customers are coming back up, but it's not  I wouldn't say it's at a hundred percent, but it's encouraging that the activity has picked up pretty significantly here over the last few weeks.
Nigel Coe: Okay thanks George.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning Julian.
Julian Mitchell: Maybe  good morning. Maybe just following up on that mix aspect, so is it fair to assume that your decremental margin outlook for the second half that should be embedding or could be embedding a fairly handsome margin mix tailwinds just because service is down a lot less than install. And maybe just clarify that. And also how are you seeing the discipline on pricing across service, install and products, in terms of maybe the marketplace, as well as your own discipline in pricing practices?
George Oliver: So let me start with the first question there Julian. When we talked about in the quarter and second quarter install was down greater than service in Asia Pac. And that was true as well as in North American and EMEA/LA. So that where we had a little bit of mix here in the quarter to come through because service was down less than install. When you look at on a go-forward basis, that will probably still be true as it plays out, right. So that the install will be  there will be pressure there with the install coming back, service, we believe, will come back quicker. But we've seen pressure in both. When you talk about pricing, we have been very successful in continuing to execute on price. For the year, we're still expecting about a point on the top line coming through our price realization. And that has continued even through this period of time with the pandemic.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. Thank you. And then my second question really just around the free cash flow conversion. So you've raised that guidance for the year. Maybe I missed it, but if you could clarify perhaps what's changed on the capital spending front for fiscal 2020 and how confident you are that you'll be able to get those sizable working capital cash tailwinds in the second half? Are you seeing payment terms proving fairly regular? And is it easy to manage that balance of receivables and payables?
Brian Stief: So the free cash flow conversion going now from 95% to greater than a 100% is really a function of the net income pressure we're going to see in the second half. As it relates to the metrics, I would tell you at the end of the second quarter trade working capital as a percentage of sales, we saw a 10 basis point improvement year-over-year, so not as much as we saw in the first quarter, but still we continue to make progress. It is an area were watching very closely in today's environment. I think DSO is flat in the quarter and it's an area that we're watching very closely as we move forward. But I think with the policies and practices that we've got in place now through our cash management office, it's going to be a challenging environment from a cash flow standpoint. We'll manage our trade working capital appropriately and we feel pretty good about landing someplace north of a 100% right now.
Julian Mitchell: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joe Ritchie: Yes, thanks. Good morning everyone. Hope you are all well.
George Oliver: Hey, Joe, good morning.
Joe Ritchie: George, maybe my first question, I know a couple of people have touched on this service versus install piece. But clearly like the service that has held up better in China during the COVID-19, shut downs. And clearly from an install perspective you need to be on-premise. I guess the question that we are trying to understand is from a service perspective, how much of the business is  does not need to be on-premise, how much of it is kind of subscription based and can be more resilient in this downturn?
George Oliver: Yes, so getting back to the service, service held up in Asia Pac better than the overall install and in China was down almost in line with the install, but coming back faster if I misled you there. And so when we look at now and it's mainly because of access to facilities and sites that we provide service to. The rest of it overall Asia that only impacted overall Asia being down 7% with our install in Asia down even greater than that in total. So just to clarify on the first question. And then the second part could you repeat that?
Antonella Franzen: Yes, Yes.
Joe Ritchie: I guess the second part really was how much of the business  how much do you have to be on-premise for service for you to generate service revenue versus how much of it is potentially subscription-based, one is more resilient and you don't necessarily on-premise. And just is there a portion of it that is a little bit more resilient that is not location?
Antonella Franzen: Hey George, why don't you let me jump in on this one a little bit?
George Oliver: Yes. 
Antonella Franzen: So Joe, I think, one way to think about it is when you look at our total service revenue, about half of it is performance service agreements and the other half would be more non-recurring time and material and things of that nature. Now clearly when you look at that part, that's performance service arrangement, some of that is going to still require to be on-premise but some of it will be remote like monitoring and the such. So I mean don't have it all to that level of detail, but that's one split you can think of as you're trying to think about the piece that's more resilient. And to the point you made earlier, I mean, if you take the performance in APAC during the quarter, clearly you can see that service held in better than the install side of the business. Even if you take a look at the global financial recession in the 2008, 2009 period, you would see something very similar to that as well. Service went down, but clearly not to the extent that install did. So your point well taken, service is much more defensive, particularly in this type of environment and will definitely hold up better.
Joe Ritchie: Helpful, thank you. And if I could maybe just follow-up with Brian just from a balance sheet perspective, obviously, pending the buyback at this point, I guess just from a timing standpoint, how would you guys think about, reinstituting a buyback and being a little bit more aggressive with capital deployment from here?
Brian Stief: Yes, I think, the current plan is we'll continue to hold off on the buyback through the end of this year. And we think that's a prudent thing to do. And we'll reevaluate it as we think about 2021. But at this point in time I would tell you that as far as your models and so forth, I wouldn't assume any buyback for the remainder of fiscal 2020.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you all.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz with Citi. Your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Good morning guys. Hope you are well?
George Oliver: Good morning.
Brian Stief : Good morning. George how are you thinking about your Fire & Security businesses in general moving forward? When you look at APAC, Field is down 14%, but you see Fire & Security in the Field down only low single digits. So how are you thinking about these businesses, which should be less cyclical than the rest of your portfolio versus that second half guide and down 15% to 20%?
George Oliver: Yes, the Field when you look at Fire & Security for the quarter, the Fire & Security products were only down, low single digits and it was a mix. What really drove that was fire suppression and a lot of that was just timing of projects. And on the Field we were down about 2% and that was our low single digits and it was spread across the regions. Now when you play that out, we're going to see similar type impacts in the third quarter, third and fourth quarter relative to the shutdowns and how that plays out. But it is a higher mix of service. So you see less of an impact in total because of that. And that's what we've got modeled. We've got the businesses have been performing well and in spite of the challenges that we faced and we're prepared to continue to execute.
Andrew Kaplowitz: That's helpful. Maybe the opposite of that is if I just look at applied HVAC in products, it was down in the teens in Q2. I guess most of that was APAC related weakness, but does that suggest applied to be down more than 15% in 2020. Maybe you can give us your outlook and sort of what you're seeing there are sort of larger projects? Are they just sort of getting deferred right now?
George Oliver: Yes if you look at a commercial applied HVAC, revenue is down mid single digits and it's mainly driven by the Asia Pac decline, in being down high teens. And that was the bulk of it. When you look at orders about the same, it was down low-single digits and it's mainly driven by APAC and the full impact that we saw in the quarter because of the virus. And so as we look at our pipeline, we really, as Brian said, we were trending pretty well on our secured orders right through February in EMEA/LA, in North America. And that was true with applied. And so with the impact here we think it's temporary. The pipeline is still there. Some of the pipeline is being pushed to the right because of the timing of projects. But we still feel very good about our position, what we see in the pipeline our ability to be able to convert, now obviously pushed to the right.
Antonella Franzen: And Andy, just one thing to jump in here. If you think about the criticality of the things we do both within Fire & Security and HVAC, clearly both very important, especially in the environment we're currently in. I think the important point is what George said, is there is a higher mix in service in the Fire & Security business versus HVAC. So to that point as service will hold up better that kind of gives you an indication of the two different platforms.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Great, helpful. Be well guys.
Antonella Franzen: Thanks. Operator we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from John Walsh with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Walsh: Hi. Good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning.
John Walsh: Maybe just as a follow-up to that question, just wanted to know what you were, I think, you talked about the healthcare vertical earlier, wanted to know what you were hearing on kind of more of the public side, whether that's municipality, federal and maybe also education if you're  if that's part of where that pushing to the right is if decisions are being slower coming out of those verticals. How you're thinking about that?
George Oliver: Yes, what we've seen there  short term we've seen a push to the right within those projects also. We do believe we have a pipeline now of new projects that are coming in based on the way that we have responded to the crisis and creating new capacity and new capabilities. And so there is a lot of new projects that have been identified. But when you look at the overall project base, it's been pushed to the right similar to what we've said with some of our other backlog. I do believe that there's going to be some stimulus here in the institutional verticals relative to what's going to happen with the new norm as we discussed earlier, what's going to be required to get these facilities back in operating. So we see an opportunity there, although we're in the early stages of that. And so that's something we're going to watch closely because, I think, based on what we do in the buildings that we support, I think, there's going to be a lot more opportunities. That all being said, I think, there is going to be some financial constraints. And so we're going to have to watch that closely as this plays out.
John Walsh: Great. And I'll just leave it there. In the interest of time, I appreciate the color.
George Oliver: Thank you.
Antonella Franzen: Thanks. George, do you want to make a couple of closing comments?
George Oliver: Yes, just to wrap up the call, I want to thank everyone again for joining our call this morning. We are, as you know, we are navigating through these challenging times very well. We're well positioned both financially and strategically to capitalize on the recovery as it plays out. And again, I hope that you and your families remain safe. And I look forward to speaking with many of you soon. So operator, that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. Please disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-01-31 07:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Johnson Controls First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Antonella Franzen, Vice President and Chief Investor Relations and Communications Officer. Maam, you may begin.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls first quarter fiscal 2020 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. With me today are Johnson Controls Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver and our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of todays call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you review todays press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that we have included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted EBITA and adjusted EBIT margins exclude restructuring and integration costs as well as other special items. These metrics are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to the presentation posted on our website. Additionally, all comparisons to the prior year are on a continuing ops basis, excluding the results of Power Solutions. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Johnson Controls ordinary shareholders was $0.21 for the quarter and included a net charge of $0.19 related to special items, which Brian will address in his comments. Excluding these special items, non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.40 per share compared to $0.26 in the prior year quarter. Now, let me turn the call over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Antonella and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on todays call. Before we get into the details of the quarter, I would like to provide a few thoughts as we look ahead to the rest of fiscal 2020. Starting on Slide 3, we continue to see good momentum across the majority of our key performance metrics with Q1 providing a strong start to the year. We saw 70 basis points of margin expansion this quarter. This resulted from a reduction in structural costs, improved project execution, accelerated service growth, expansion in gross margins and driving innovation. All of these initiatives will remain key focal points for us as we go forward. We have also made significant progress in improving our cash generation profile with important steps towards better management of our trade working capital and continued discipline around CapEx spending. We still have more work to do to bring free cash conversion up to 100% on a sustainable basis, but I am extremely pleased with the progress we have made to-date. As we will discuss on the next slide, orders were flat in the quarter, but I am confident given the continued strength we see in our pipeline we will see acceleration in Q2. Our primary end markets, commercial HVAC, building controls, Fire & Security remained healthy and we are well positioned as leaders in each market. We have significantly strengthened our balance sheet over the course of the last 9 months with ample flexibility when it comes to future capital deployment opportunities. Finally, as I have said many times in these calls over the last couple of years, we remain intently focused on execution in building a strong performance culture to drive sustained performance and maximize shareholder value. Turning to some of the details for the quarter starting with orders on Slide 4. Orders for our Field businesses were flat in aggregate in Q1 as we faced tough prior year comparisons given the timing of announced price increases. Last year, our announced price increases were effective in January, which resulted in a pull-forward into Q1 fiscal 19. This year we accelerate our announced price increases to be effective in October, which resulted in a pull-forward into late fiscal 19. Looking forward, our order pipeline remains robust with an attractive mix of service and a balanced profile of small and large projects. We expect order growth in Q2 to be in the mid single-digit range and we remain very confident in our low to mid single-digit growth target for the full year. Backlog ended the quarter at $9 billion, up 6% organically versus the prior year and up 2% on a quarter sequential basis which provides high visibility through 2020. Turning now to Slide 5 for a quick recap of the financial results in the quarter, sales of $5.6 billion increased 3% on an organic basis. Within the Field businesses, total service revenues grew 3% in the quarter on top of mid single-digit growth in the prior year. Our service business represents over $6 billion in revenues or a little more than 40% of our Field revenue base and provides us with a very profitable, resilient revenue stream. As growing and expanding our service offering has been a key priority, we recently appointed a dedicated global service leader. Ganesh Ramaswamy joined the team from Danaher and will drive improved consistency of fundamentals across our global direct channel, leverage our infrastructure and investments and work closely with regional leaders to execute on our strategic priorities. With the strength and depth of our portfolio, we have a tremendous opportunity to strengthen our core service business, while building and deploying new service solutions leveraging our digital capabilities. Adjusted EBIT of $448 million grew 13% on an organic basis driven by solid 7% growth in segment profit and a continued focus on reducing corporate expense. Overall, underlying EBIT margins expanded 80 basis points year-over-year excluding a 10 basis point headwind from FX. Adjusted EPS of $0.40 increased 54% over the prior year with solid operational performance and a significant contribution from the deployment of proceeds related to the Power Solutions sale. Adjusted free cash was an outflow of under $100 million in the quarter in line with our normal seasonal pattern, but a significant improvement over the last 2 years. With that, I will turn it over to Brian to discuss our performance in more detail.
Brian Stief: Thanks, George and good morning everyone. So, lets get started with a look at our year-over-year EPS bridge on Slide 6. You can see that operational performance including synergies and productivity save contributed $0.09. Deployment of the Power Solutions proceeds benefit both our year-over-year share count and net financing charges which added $0.06 and $0.03 respectively. Other net items in the first quarter were roughly $0.01. This results in our first quarter adjusted EPS of $0.40, up 54% year-on-year. So lets move to Slide 7 and look at our segment results on a consolidated basis. Sales of $5.6 billion increased 3% organically led by 4% growth in our Field businesses and 2% in global products. Segment EBITDA of $625 million grew 7% organically driven by volume leverage from the Field, strong price costs realization in our products businesses and continued productivity save and cost synergies. Lastly, Q1 segment EBITDA margin expanded 40 basis points to 11.2%. If you look at the margin waterfall, underlying operational improvement contributed 50 basis points and this included a 10 basis point headwind related to our retail business in North America. This was partially offset by 10 bps related to other items in the quarter. Now, lets take a look at each segment in more detail, so starting on Slide 8, North America. North America sales grew 3% organically with balanced growth in both install and service activity. Growth was led by Fire & Security, which grew mid single-digits in the quarter led by higher install activity. Our applied HVAC and control businesses increased low single-digits in the quarter given the double-digit growth in equipment last year. Performance Solutions declined low double-digits this quarter due primarily to a tough prior year compare of over 30%. As we expected, adjusted EBITDA increased 2% and EBITDA margin was in line with the prior year at 12%. Favorable volume leverage and benefits from synergy and productivity saves were offset by a 30 basis point headwind related to our retail business. And as we mentioned on our Q4 call, we expected to see continued margin headwind in retail given the change in mix to increase project revenue. Orders declined in the quarter as George mentioned and this was primarily due to the timing of price increases in our applied HVAC business which did provide a 3 percentage point headwind. We expected to start the year off a bit slower in North America, but we are confident that orders will accelerate to mid single-digit range in Q2 given current pipeline activity. Backlog in North America remained strong at $5.8 billion, up 7% year-over-year. Turning to EMEA on Slide 9, sales grew 7% organically with the install up 10% and service up 5%. Growth was positive across all regions and across HVAC and Controls, Fire & Security and Industrial Refrigeration. Our HVAC and Controls business grew high single-digits helped in part by easier prior year compare, but also benefiting from order strength in the back half of 2019 for our shorter cycle controls business. Growth was particularly strong in Europe which increased low double-digits and in the Middle East which was a soft spot through fiscal 19 we saw mid single-digit growth. Fire & Security grew mid single-digits with solid growth across both install and service activity and in all regions led by mid-teens growth in our subscriber business in Latin America. Industrial Refrigeration which was predominantly in Europe remains a bright spot in the region and that was up high-teens in the quarter with solid growth in both install and service. Adjusted EBITDA increased 21% and EBITDA margin expanded 120 basis points to 9.7%. We continue to benefit from favorable volume leverage as well as our continued efforts around reducing structural costs and improving project execution in this business. Our orders in EMEA/LA increased 4%. This was led by continued strength in our Controls platform, particularly in Latin America. Orders in Europe were up slightly on a tough prior year compare and backlog ended the quarter at $1.7 billion, up 8% year-on-year. So, lets move to Slide 10 on APAC. APAC sales grew 3% organically led by higher demand for project installations, which grew 9% in the quarter. Fire & Security, which as you know, represents about 30% of APAC sales saw continued strength of low single-digits overall. HVAC and Controls which represents remaining 70% of APAC sales was relatively flat year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA increased 8% with margins up 60 basis points to 11.4%. Favorable volume leverage, productivity and synergy saves and improved execution were partially offset by a higher mix of install versus service in the quarter. Asia-Pac orders were up 1% against the tough 9% prior year compare consistent with the trend we have seen over the last several quarters. Backlog in APAC increased 2% year-over-year to $1.6 billion. I just point out that the environment in APAC remains competitive and the economic conditions in some areas remain uncertain. We continue to experience macro related headwinds in some of our key markets in Asia, including the ongoing trade dispute and now the coronavirus which are overhangs in China as well as the ongoing unrest in Hong Kong. That being said, we are seeing nice improvement in the underlying fundamentals in our APAC businesses, but we are monitoring the situations very closely. So, lets turn to Slide 11, Global Products. Global Products sales in the quarter increased 2% organically driven primarily by strong price realization. We saw BMS sales grow high single-digits in this quarter despite a low double-digit compare in the prior year and this was led by strength in our Security Products business. HVAC and refrigeration equipment was flat with mixed performance across the individual platforms. Id also point out that we have recently restructured our distribution channels in Canada to allow us to better serve the residential and light commercial markets and to accelerate our growth. Total resi HVAC declined low single-digits driven a high single-digit decline in our APAC residential business as well as a mid single-digit decline in our North American business. Let me go through that in a bit more detail. As we detailed for you last quarter, we expected continued pressure in our APAC residential business, primarily due to the softer market conditions in Japan. Our North American business was negatively impacted in the quarter by the Canadian distribution restructuring I mentioned previously and as well as the lower than expected shipments in our furnace business due to lower heating degree days in the quarter. Given the low double-digit prior year compare, we expect this weakness to continue into the second quarter. Light commercial unitary grew low single-digits on a low-teens prior year compare with sales in North America flat due to weakness in our national accounts business. Our VRF business continues to outperform growing mid single-digits while our applied HVAC equipment declined mid single-digits primarily due to the pressures in APAC. We continue to see very strong demand for replacement chillers in North America. IR equipment grew mid single-digits in the quarter, helped by a relatively easy prior year compare. Finally, Specialty Products grew low single-digits on solid demand for fire suppression products, particularly in North America. Product segments EBITDA increased 6% and the EBITDA margin expanded 40 basis points as the under-absorption on lower volumes was more than offset by positive price costs and the ongoing benefit of cost synergies and productivity. So, lets move to Slide 12 in corporate expense. Corporate expense was down 13% year-over-year to $81 million driven primarily by the continued benefits of synergy and productivity save, as well as our ongoing actions to reduce our cost structure given the Power Solutions divestiture. On Slide 13, free cash flow, reported Q1 free cash flow was just under $400 million. Excluding a little more than $100 million in one-time cash outflows related to integration and the $600 million tax refund that we received in the quarter, adjusted free cash was an outflow of less than $100 million which is $100 million improvement versus last year. This was primarily due to continued improvement in working capital management as we saw trade working capital as a percentage of sales declined 60 basis points. We continue to expect adjusted free cash flow conversion of 95% excluding the $300 million in one-time cash outflows related primarily integration and the $600 million tax refund. So let me turn to the balance sheet on Slide 14. Net debt was up slightly as we continue to deploy cash towards share repurchases despite Q1 being our seasonally weak cash generation quarter. You can see share repurchases in the quarter were $650 million roughly in line with the cadence that we expect for the full year. Before I turn it back to George for his closing remarks, Id want to briefly mention a couple of items on Slide 15. First, during the quarter, we recorded a restructuring impairment charge of $111 million, about half of that is cash and about half of that is non-cash. And the cash impact of that, well expect to see in the current year and is included in our guidance. The cash restructuring charge reflects cost associated with the final year of the JCI-Tyco merger integration activities as well as the ongoing reduction in costs related to the Power Solutions divestiture. Secondly in the quarter, we recorded a non-cash stock charge of $30 million related to Swiss tax reform and this will not impact our 13.5% rate for the year. And then lastly, we also adopted a new accounting standard related to operating leases which results in a gross up of other non-current assets and other current and non-current liabilities in our balance sheet. So, overall we are off to a great start in fiscal 20 with strong earnings and cash flow and improving margins. And with that, I will turn it back over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Brian. Before we open up the line for questions, I just want to reiterate that we continue to expect our fiscal 2020 earnings per share before special items to be in the range of $2.50 to $2.60, which represents earnings growth of 28% to 33%. We have included the full details of our guidance as previously provided in the appendix to the slides. Our first quarter results reflect a strong start to the fiscal year and a continued commitment to solid execution into improving the underlying fundamentals of our business. I am confident that we are well-positioned to deliver continued long-term shareholder value. With that operator, please open up the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Mr. Coe, your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning, Nigel.
George Oliver : Good morning, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Just of the nice margin trends in the Asia-Pac and EMEA Latin America segments, you have had some challenges especially in Asia-Pacific. Do you feel like you are now in a better position going forward and based on the backlog and the mix kind of outlook do you expect to continue to see sort of margin leadership from those two segments?
George Oliver: Yes, Nigel. We have made really nice progress as Brian talked about within the margin structure within Asia-Pac. With the growth being in low single-digits we have worked  this quarter we delivered 60 basis points year-on-year. And thats also with unfavorable mix with our installed growth growing faster than service, but I think the fundamentals the way that we are pricing  the way that we are selling value, all of that is playing out within the structure and we believe that now with the fundamentals we are going to continue to improve on a go forward basis.
Brian Stief: I would just add to that, that in 2018, Nigel, as you probably recall, we took a restructuring charge and some of that related to our European businesses. And I think we are really seeing the benefit in 19 and now into 20 of the results of some of those actions that were taken in 2018.
Nigel Coe: Great, thank you. And then my follow-up is your comments on the residential HVAC markets, we all know its quite a warm winter, very warm winter, but the comments on continued challenges in 2Q, is that more a function of the some of the restructuring you are doing in Canada or is that a reflection more with the market?
George Oliver: Nigel, what I would say, its both. When you look at our performance here in Q1, its been mainly globally we are down a bit and a lot of that is driven by our performance or the market in Japan, which we are down in line with the market in Japan. In North America, its been, too. When you look at the overall furnace market, we are extremely strong in that space and that market is down kind of high single-digits and right now thats continuing. And when you look at our restructuring of our Canadian distribution channels, what we have done is we have taken multiple channels. We have consolidated that and now we are going to be expanding our points of distribution to be able to effectively now be much better positioned to accelerate growth in that region. That is all playing out here in the first and second quarter and we will be positioned in the second half to be able to pickup from a growth standpoint from there.
Nigel Coe: Thanks, George. Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Mr. Sprague, your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thanks for pulling your call up to kind of accommodate all of us. I appreciate that. George, on the price kind of pull forward on orders, we normally think of that being potentially kind of a residential phenomenon, but not something that would kind of impact the larger company given the nature of kind of applied and commercial projects, you just kind of speak to how broadly the timing of orders might have been affected by pricing and your kind of visibility on Q2 orders?
George Oliver: Yes, I mean, we have  historically, we have had our price increases in January. And as we have been working on price cost over the last couple of years, we have made a lot of progress. And so as we have been planning for 2020, we have made a decision to pull forward. And with that with the announcements there is a behavior that goes along with those announcements. And when you look at last year and for instance in North America, we had high-teens growth in our product last year in North America because of the price being effective in January. When we announced the increase in coming  being pulled into October, certainly we benefited in the fourth quarter of last year, because of the same phenomenon. So there is a behavior around our price increases. What I would tell you, Jeff, is that the underlying activity is very strong across the board. Our pipelines pretty much across the board are high single-digits  mid to high single-digits. And so my confidence in being able to deliver low to mid single-digit order growth in the second quarter and be positioned here for the year is very strong and that ultimately correlates to the revenue that we are projecting for the total year.
Antonella Franzen: And Jeff, just as to quantify the impact of that for you, when you look at our overall Field orders, they would be up low single-digits on an underlying basis.
Jeff Sprague: Okay, thank you for that. And just on investment spend, not called out in the bridge, has this now kind of normalized and it will just kind of track with revenue growth from here or should we expect kind of other initiatives maybe to pop up and be part of the earnings equation?
George Oliver: As we have committed over the last couple of years, our reinvestment in the sales channels as well as the reinvestment in products now as a percent of revenue is flattening out in 2020 and beyond. And so whats happening Jeff is that we are continuing to add sales in line with what we see the market activity to be. So, we are continuing to add sales, but we are getting productivity with all of the expansion that we have done over the last couple of years. In engineering and R&D, we are continuing to obviously increase the dollars with the reinvestment, but maintaining that now as a percent of the overall revenue thats being achieved. And so we feel good  we are also similarly we are doing combining the footprint, we are making sure that we are getting good productivity on the dollars that we are spending and ultimately tracking that to the new product introductions that we are bringing to market to make sure that we are getting the appropriate volumes and returns on those investments.
Jeff Sprague: Great, thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open sir.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray: I just want to follow-up on Jeffs questions on pricing and George, just so we are clear, will price increases be more of a dynamic decision based upon material costs or will there be strategy around anticipating customer behavior, but just may address the timing of price increases going forward?
George Oliver: Yes. What I would say, Deane, if you go back 2 years ago, we had negative price costs and the market  with the market changes we werent positioned to be able to move quickly to stay ahead of that. We have made significant improvement now building out our strategic pricing capability across our businesses. So, it is more dynamic where we are tracking the markets, we are tracking our win loss. We are making sure that we are selling value and bringing value propositions to our customers, instead of this just annual price increase. Now, there is historically thats whats happened within the industry we are in. But I believe that now we are much more dynamic relative to whats happening in the markets that we are serving. And as a result of that, you saw nice progress with our price costs last year, where we actually turned the headwind that we had in 18 to a tailwind in 19 and thats continuing now in 2020 with probably I estimate over a point of our top line will be driven by continued very positive price cost.
Deane Dray: Thank you. And then just as a follow-up now that they have declared the coronavirus a global health emergency, I know your 2020 guidance does not anticipate impacts, but its likely happening giving all the shutdowns going on? Any sense of where and how you are tracking, steps you are taking internally? Just anything you would share would be helpful? Thanks.
George Oliver: What I would start by saying about 6% of our revenue is achieved in China. So, overall, it is significant, but in the grand scheme, relatively small. Weve been working very well across all of our teams that are positioned in China. Weve got not only all of the business units totally aligned, but weve got full support of our EHS professionals, our facilities leaders and security where we get a daily update from our Asia-Pac leader, certainly, a top priority for us to make sure that all of our people are safe and protecting them. As you know, most provinces have mandatory holiday extension now through February 10 and that most of the travel within China now has been curbed or curbed significantly. And so what we  we are also assessing the supply side to have a pulse on whats happening with our supply. There could be some supply chain disruptions. To-date, its been minimal. What I would say it is a fluid situation and that we are monitoring it very closely. At this stage, Deane, its hard to assess  difficult to assess, but could have some deferral of activity. I mean, certainly, we will have to keep everyone updated.
Deane Dray: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for you question. Our next question is from Scott Davis with Melius Research. Your line is open sir.
Scott Davis: Hi, good morning guys.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning, Scott.
George Oliver: Hey, Scott.
Scott Davis: I dont want to fixate too much in the price, because its been beaten to death, but its pretty interesting that after all these years, pulling it forward to October did  were the competitors been  do they do the same thing or were you out there for a whole quarter with higher prices generally than your competitors and that would have had some negative volume impact perhaps?
George Oliver: Yes, I believe that given the way that price increases occur within the industry, we are now ahead. And so therefore, we have the issue that last year we had a very strong first quarter with our HVAC equipment and then this year, because we had pulled it forward, we had seen some of that benefit, Scott, in the fourth quarter of last year. And then what I would tell you is that when you look at the underlying pipeline and how the pipeline converts. We have a very strong pipeline. Its high single-digits. We usually  there is pretty good predictability of how we convert into percent. And so I have confidence that we are going to get back to like I said kind of low to mid single-digit order growth in the second quarter and for the year, very strong pipeline to deliver the mid single-digits. So, I mean, overall, we are in line with where we thought we would be.
Scott Davis: Okay, yes. Just the mechanics are interesting. My follow-up is just on the replacement chiller, the North America replacement chiller market, is there a sense I have never seen the data out there on kind of the age of the installed base when you are talking about the bigger chillers. Is there a sense that the installed base is old and there is a long tail that there is a greater sense of upgrading or replacement for energy efficiency, any  just some of that is a little bit obvious, but just trying to get a sense of how long that tail of demand is?
George Oliver: Yes. I mean, its all of the above. I think given the value proposition with our new chillers and the ability to be able to reduce energy consumption and drive efficiency, there is certainly a big value proposition there. And so, its looked at in total value. So, when you look at what their current cost is to maintain and what the energy consumption is we typically will go in and create a value proposition that not only we can improve their operating cost, but also reduce energy. So, you got to look at it as in total cost. And so I think as we now launch new products, we bring our digital capabilities in how we optimize the operation of the equipment, how that integrates with the overall building systems? I think there is a real attractive value proposition for our customers. So, we are seeing a nice pickup there.
Scott Davis: Okay, thanks. Helpful. Thanks. Good luck guys and good job this year. Thank you.
George Oliver: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from John Walsh with Credit Suisse. Your line is open sir.
John Walsh: Hi, good morning.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
John Walsh: I guess a question around the retail business you kind of called it out the last couple of quarters its now in the bridge. Just wondering it can be lumpy, how long should we expect to kind of hear you calling out the retail headwind as it relates to the North America business?
George Oliver: Hey, John. Our retail business, when you size the business, its roughly about $900 million. We have a presence globally. We have the industry leader. I mean, loss prevention inventory intelligence, traffic insights. Its a very profitable business, because its a high value proposition for our retail customers. And now that all being said, there has been lots of change in the industry given the proliferation of online shopping requiring as we look at our overall offering, more towards digital solutions, a lot more installations that occurred during the quarter. But I believe that with the value proposition the way that we are aligned we are going to continue to see the business perform, but is going to be a different mix within the business. So, its something that we are watching carefully. We are working very closely with each one of our retail customers and laying out what the year looks like and how we are going to be positioned to be able to support their year, but it is given whats happening within the retail space, there is a lot of change thats happening and we are going to make sure that we are positioned to be able to capitalize on that change and support the customers through that.
John Walsh: Great. Thank you for that. And then I guess some in the past, you have talked about the impact around PFAS and the AFFF, wondering if you can just provide us any kind of update there?
George Oliver: John, there is no change in our position. You have to keep this in perspective. Tyco and Chemguard make life-saving firefighting foam, not PFAS chemicals. And Tyco and Chemguard purchase compounds that contain trace amounts of PFAS, which they blend make the foam. And their firefighting foam is made to exacting military standards. The majority of the foam in issue is specified and used by the U.S government and military and therefore is subject to the government contract to the defense. And so, Tyco fire products and Chemgaurd have always acted responsibly in producing these firefighting foams. And therefore, we feel confident in our ability to defend these claims. But I also would like to share a few other facts. PFAS chemicals have been used by other companies since the 1940s in many products and applications. And we didnt start producing firefighting foam until the mid 1970s, which was over 30 years later. And these foams are used only intermittently and predominantly at very specific sites such as military basis. And then last is when you look at third-party scientific studies that are also recognized as firefighting foam accounts for only a very small percentage of PFAS that has historically been used in this country. So, overall, position has been changed. We feel very good given what we have done for our government military customers and certainly, there is really no additional updates.
John Walsh: Great. Good quarter and thanks for the updates.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next call or question  I am sorry is from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is open, sir.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning, Steve.
George Oliver: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Whats going on in the  so, I think one of our businesses in North America I think was down, it was a solutions business or something, is that like the performance contracting business, you guys still do that stuff? 
George Oliver: Yes, I mean, its  our solutions business saw the large performance contract, Steve. And as we have always talked, the order intake on that can be pretty choppy given the size of the contracts and then the flow of those contracts can give you some pretty significant variations quarter to quarter, but its not a huge part of our business but it can impact when we talk about that particular business, you can have some big swings quarter-to-quarter. 
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then any  just to kind of level set people, any color on whether the second quarter, anything standout as far as abnormal seasonality anywhere, you mentioned  do you expect the orders to pickup a bit, anything on free cash or the underlying business results that we need to kind of keep in mind for second quarter?
George Oliver: Steve, Ill take that. On the organic growth, we are looking at low single-digits and thats again against a prior year compare of 6%. When you break that out, the Field businesses will be low to mid single-digit and thats to a compare of 5% and products will continue low single-digits and thats to a compare of 7%, so overall continued performance on the top line. There will be, as Brian mentioned, within products some additional pressure here in Q2 on North America resi, but as we go through the year, we still feel very good in the second half of the year. EBITDA margins, expanding in line with the guidance for the year, 40 to 60 basis points and we see expansion across all segments. And as you know, the normal seasonality to our year is typically 30% in the first half, 70% in the second half, but because of the share repo this year, its a little bit more skewed to the first half. And then when you look at the overall consensus, it is in line with our guidance for the year and the guidance that I reiterated earlier was EPS range of $2.50 to $2.60 and that would be an increase, Steve, of 28% to 33%.
Steve Tusa: Wow, great.
Brian Stief: I would just add to that, Steve, I think from our corporate expense standpoint we had a pretty low quarter. As you have probably seen in the past, the second quarter tends to be a little bit higher. So I think we are  our guidance sits out there for corporate expense. Its still pretty solid as we sit here today. And then when it looks  when you look at cash flow, I think cash flow we would continue to see some improvement like we saw in the first quarter. So, I think all-in-all, we feel real good about the second quarter.
Steve Tusa: Hey, George. Just one more quick follow-up on the  one just the general strategic question, I dont think anybody has asked it yet, but obviously, a lot of these companies progressing on their splits? How do you guys view? Is any change in your view on kind of the strategic imperative to grow the residential business, more structurally?
George Oliver: I mean, we have been focused. When you look at our strategy, Steve, we have been focused on executing and getting the fundamentals in place delivering on our commitments and ultimately driving results. Thats the focus for us here in 2020. We have been returning in line with what we committed, a significant amount of capital to our shareholders. And we have a lot of underlying momentum across the organization whether it be the margin fundamentals on how we are launching new products, we are upgrading our leadership and ultimately now deploying our digital strategy. So I think when you look at our positions, thats one that we have been investing heavily in the residential spaces that we have been investing heavily with new products and technology. We are seeing progress, because it is a critical element of our line card and how we ultimately support our customers. And so we are going to continue to stay focused on executing, on delivering on the commitments and certainly keeping a pulse on whats happening within the industry as far as any type of consolidation.
Steve Tusa: Great. Thanks for the detail guys always. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning, Julian.
Julian Mitchell: Good morning. Maybe just a question around the EMEA/LA region, mainly Middle East Africa piece for you and a lot of your competitors thats been pretty soft for much of the past sort of 12, 18 months albeit lumpy? I think you sounded better, Brian, in the prepared remarks on trends in Middle East, Africa, so maybe just help us understand how you are looking at the applied markets there? And also just remind us of the scale of that piece today?
George Oliver: Yes. So, Julien, Ill give you the overview of EMEA/LA. We have made a tremendous amount of progress in EMEA/LA over the last couple of years, not only in expanding our footprint from sales  from a service standpoint pretty much across the region. And when you look at our performance in the first quarter, organic growth 7%, it was both install and service, HVAC and control is up high single-digits, Fire & Security up mid single-digit and Industrial Refrigeration as Brian said to an easy compare, but up high-teens. We have made tremendous progress. And with that, we have seen good leverage on the margin rate would be the volume  good productivity savings in cost synergies. And so overall, we are executing extremely well even within the current environment, we are seeing a pipeline continue to expand and we are converting orders kind of mid single-digits with the backlog up 8%. So overall, we have done over the last couple of years the restructuring as Brian talked about the work we have done from a go-to-market is really beginning to play out. Now, that all being said in the Middle East, certainly part of that, it does represent about 10%  12% of the overall EMEA/LA revenue. Last year was a tough year. 2019 was a tough year for us, but we are beginning to see obviously with easier comps. The work that we are doing around service and seeing some of the project installations come back. But I mean, overall, Id say when you look at the whole region, we have made a lot of good progress in the last couple of years and competitively I think we are positioned in an extremely strong position. I dont know, Brian, you want to?
Brian Stief: No, I think you summarized it well. I think we had a pretty easy comp in the fourth quarter or the first quarter of fiscal 19 and so that benefited certainly in the current year, but I think we are better positioned today than we were a year ago for sure.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. And then my second question just around corporate cost, I heard the color on second quarter versus first quarter, but for the year as a whole, maybe just highlight the confidence in that range, so corporate costs that you have given on Slide 21, particularly in light of a very good performance in Q1? And also, where do we stand today in terms of realized stranded cost reduction since the Power divestment and how much stranded cost is still left to come out from that and whether that view has changed in the past 9 months?
Brian Stief: So, our corporate expense guide for the year is $330 million to $340 million and we ended up at $81 million in the first quarter. That tends to be a lower quarter for us. And so I think there is going to be a tick up in the second and third quarter. So I think that guide of $330 million to $340 million is still a pretty good number maybe on the lower end of that, but I think thats probably a good number to use for now. As it relates to the Power Solutions, stranded costs take out, I think we had communicated that we were going to have about a $10 million benefit that we saw in 19. There was going to be about $30 million in 2020 and then the full run-rate $50 million benefit we would see in 21 forward. We saw probably about what you would expect a pro rata portion of that $30 million here in the first quarter. And we would expect that $30 million to be delivered throughout the course of the year.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from Andrew Kaplowitz with Citi. Sir, your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Good morning, guys.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz: George or Brian, obviously it was nice to see that tax payment helping your GAAP cash, but adjusted cash is maybe slightly better than your normal seasonal weakness? When you look at 2020 and the initiatives that we are going to keep your cash conversion down to 95%, such as equity income from our JVs versus dividend and pension? Did you see anymore improvement in trade working capital versus your expectation that can help you in 2020 and how are you thinking about your ability to collect dividends from your JVs in 2020?
Brian Stief: So the trade working capital as a percentage of sales as I mentioned did improve by 60 basis points quarter-over-quarter. We saw a day improvement in DSO, a day improvement in DPO. We saw 5 day improvement in days on hand in the inventory side. So all-in-all, we made progress really across the three key metrics. As we look at the 95% for the year, that type of improvement was contemplated when we gave the 95% guidance. I would tell you that as you know this is the first year that we are going to end up in the situation where we have got reported cash flow in excess of adjusted cash flow. Because of that $600 million tax refund we got in the first quarter, but we still tend to be a little bit short of 100% converter, because of the level of our CapEx, the fact that we dont get is the entire amount of our equity income out in terms of dividends from our JVs. And then we still have this pension income that doesnt come with any cash. Now, thats offset with some amortization benefit. So I think longer term, we are going to get to that 100% level, but sitting here today, the headwinds are still a little bit more than the tailwinds we have got. So our targets are 100%, but I think 95% is a good number for this year.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thanks, Brian. And then George, can you give us some more color into the inventory destock situation that you had last quarter in Japan and Taiwan, resi HVAC was still down in Q1 there, but it was not embedded last quarter I know you talked about the headwinds in North America impacting Q2, but do you still see the APAC situation not being a headwind as we go into Q2?
George Oliver: The unitary commercial is that what you have asked Andrew
Andrew Kaplowitz: Yes on the because you said Japan might sort be an over head and as you go Q1 looks like that may be getting a little better but just your comments on Japan and Taiwan in next couple of quarters.
George Oliver: Yes so when you look at the we talked a little bit about the softness we had in our furnace business which the market itself is down about 9% we have a strong presence in that market and certainly that hit us and then Brian did talk a little bit about the restructuring that we are doing in our Canadian distribution which short term we did see a little bit of a headwind I think as we get through this first and second quarter thats going to turn into a tailwind on a go forward basis and we are going to significantly increase our points of distribution and so you will see a little bit where you get a lot of different factors playing together here we think that Q2 will continue to be a little bit soft but as we get through the year we are going to be positioned to get back to above market growth within our business so does that get out what your
Antonella Franzen: And Andy just specifically related to Taiwan and Japan as we said last quarter we expected the stocking to be complete in Taiwan in Q4 and it was so our Taiwan business was fine on the A-Pac side and as expected we did continue to have some pressure in Japan in our A-Pac residential business we do expect that to start flattening out as we get into the second quarter.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thats helpful guys. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Your line is open.
Gautam Khanna: Yes thanks. Good morning guys. Couple of questions. First I was wondering if you could comment on the M&A pipeline I know you talked about $1 billion sort of set aside for potential acquisitions where do we stand there?
George Oliver: We are constantly looking at both Gautam. We are continuing to reinvest organically we have got a pipeline across our businesses where we have gaps technology or products looking at both. So, at this stage there is nothing significant but we are continuing to strengthen our regional footprint and continuing to look at our product portfolio to make sure that we are making the appropriate place in line with the organic investments for making.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And just as you look at the portfolio do you see any incremental potential for divestments as we move forward?
George Oliver: Yes we have been continuing to review the portfolio across the board and we have been making small divestures where businesses that are non core and businesses that we dont want to continue reinvest in but again there has been nothing significant there but thats a process that we continue constantly looking at the portfolio Gautam.
Brian Stief: Hey, Gautam. I would just say that I think when you look at the activity in the current year we have got our business held for sale right now we would expect that to close in the current year and there are some other investment that we will probably make but I think you can almost look at our M&A activity in the current year as with the inflows and the outflows will be relatively the same I dont think there is going to be anything significant in fiscal 20.
Gautam Khanna: Thats helpful, Brian. One last one for me just as we look at the fiscal 21 what do you think the
George Oliver: Let me just frame 21 and we gave our framework that we gave guidance for 20 and what that ultimately would look like in 2021 as it relates to the deployment of capital with the buybacks and like in addition to that I am very confident that when you look at the fundamentals that we are building across these businesses from margins stand point on a go forward basis that we are going to be positioned we have a pipeline of productivity and savings that ultimately is going to position us to sustain margin improvement year on year similar to what we have seen here over the last couple of years so, I wanted one to understand that thats going to continue now with that there is some restructuring as it relates to some of the take out of some of the structure that we have in place across the globe. And normally, that would probably be in the 50, maybe the $50 million maybe a little bit more range on an annual basis, well with very strong payback within the year relative to the margin rate that we can achieve. So I feel very confident that with the framework that we have provided relative to the buybacks and how thats going to play out as we positioned for 2021, the work that we have done in reducing the debt cost and then now with the margin rates that we are achieving, we are going to be positioned to deliver what I would say is incrementals that are 30 plus on our incrementals. And so that will position us extremely well to continue margin expansion and be able to deliver longer term on the margin rate that we originally said we could get to which is somewhere 15% to 16%.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you very much guys.
Antonella Franzen: Thanks, Gautam.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer. Your line is open, sir.
Noah Kaye: Thanks. Good morning. If we can look at North America, we are seeing some improving indicators, both indicators, ABI and Dodge Momentum. Can you maybe just talk about the pace of quoting activity on the longer cycle project business and what kind of confidence that gives you in sustainability of growing the backlog?
George Oliver: When you look at North America, I know if you look at the quarter, organic growth was 3%, a mix pretty much across all of the domains, the capabilities. Margins were flat, but overall, the margin rate we did operationally deliver not only with the volume and the productivity 40 basis points, but that was offset with the retail mix and some of the cost pressure there. When you look at orders, we did talk about the orders down 1%, a lot of that was timed because of the price increases. But when you look at the backlog, backlog was  backlog year-on-year is up 7% to $5.8 billion. So when you look at the mix of that backlog that is both short and long-term projects and as we project the year, we are positioned here for kind of mid  low to mid single-digit top line growth. We are positioned here to continue to deliver orders that are kind of mid single-digit, low to mid for the year, mid single-digits in the second quarter. And then within the mix of those orders then we will be positioned to be able to convert those orders similar to what we are doing this year as we positioned for 2021. So the cadence that we have and how we look at backlog and how we look at churn, I absolutely support what we are going to achieve for this year and as we build the backlog as we plan for 2021 we feel confident that with the pipeline that we are currently working to convert that will position us well for 2021.
Antonella Franzen: And operator, with that, I am going to pass it over to George for some closing comments.
George Oliver: So, thanks everyone for joining our call this morning. Again, as we discussed, we are off to a strong start to the year, positioned well to deliver on our full year commitments. As it relates to orders, I feel very confident in mid single-digit order growth in Q2, which then ties to the overall guidance of low to mid single-digit growth for the full year. And with all of the sessions that are coming up, I do look forward to seeing many of you soon. So, on that operator that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you everyone. You may now disconnect. We thank you for participating and have a great rest of your day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-11-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Johnson Controls' Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session.  This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn over the call over to Antonella Franzen, Vice President and Chief Investor Relations and Communications Officer. You may begin.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls fourth quarter fiscal 2019 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. With me today are Johnson Controls Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of todays call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you review todays press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that weve included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted EBITA and adjusted EBIT margins exclude restructuring and integration costs as well as other special items. These metrics are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to the presentation posted on our website. Additionally, all comparisons to the prior year are on a continuing ops basis excluding the results of Power Solutions. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Johnson Controls ordinary shareholders was $0.77 for the quarter and included a net charge of $0.01 related to special items which Brian will address in his comments. Adjusting for these special items, non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.78 per share compared to $0.57 in the prior-year quarter. Now, let me turn the call over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks Antonella and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call. Before I get into the details of the quarter, I thought I would kick things off with a quick look back at our year to recap some of our strategic initiatives and financial commitments. Starting with Slide 3, one of the most significant strategic achievements in 2019 was the successful divestiture of Power Solutions and the subsequent capital deployment actions. I am extremely pleased with our execution from start to finish. Large transactions like this never go completely as planned and usually take longer than expected to execute. Our teams effectively navigated the transaction process, monetizing the business with lower-than-expected tax leakage, resulting in net cash proceeds of $11.6 billion.
Brian Stief: Thanks George and good morning everyone. So, let's get started with the year-over-year bridge of EPS on Slide 7. As you can see our operational performance including synergies and productivity save contributed $0.09 and this was partially offset by $0.01 of investments. We also benefited in the quarter from the redeployment of the Power Solutions proceeds from both the share count and net financing charge perspective which added $0.12 and $0.05 respectively. And below-the-line items netted to a $0.04 headwind which resulted in fourth quarter EPS of $0.78 which was up 37% year-on-year. So, let's move to Slide 8 and take a look at segment results on a consolidated basis. You can see sales of $6.3 billion increased 3% on an organic basis and this was led by 4% in our Field businesses. And this is partially offset by some softness in our Product businesses which was flat in the quarter. I would point out that in Q4; we were facing our most difficult comp from the prior year up 8% in aggregate with every segment facing its toughest comp. Within the Field businesses, total service revenues grew 4% in the quarter which was consistent growth across all three regions. As you know growing and expanding our service offerings has been an area of significant internal focus and we've now established a consistent cadence of mid-single-digit growth for the past two years. Going forward we look to augment our service growth, enabled by digital solutions to continue driving similar growth level in service. As you know our service business represents just over $6 billion in revenues, which is about 40% of our field revenue base and this provides us with a very profitable, resilient revenue stream as we move forward. We continue to convert our project backlog in Q4 as well driving install revenue, up 4% and this was solid growth across all regions. Segment EBITDA of $990 million grew 7% organically and this was driven by the volume leverage from the field, strong price cost realization and products and our ongoing productivity and synergy save. Lastly, Q4 segment EBITDA margin expanded 60 basis points to 15.8%. And as you can see in our margin waterfall, underlying operational improvement contributed 100 basis points. And this was partially offset by some product and run rate sales force investments as well as a minor headwind through pension and other items. So let's review each segment in more detail.
George Oliver: Thanks Brian. Before we open up the line for questions, I want to provide you with our outlook for 2020. Let's start by walking through the waterfall chart on Slide 17. Overall, we expect low to mid-single-digit organic revenue growth which will drive approximately $0.15 of earnings. Additionally, we will have the continued benefit of synergies and productivity savings which we will realize over the course of the year and will contribute an additional $0.15 of earnings. As Brian mentioned last quarter, we are moving forward with a plan to continue repurchasing our shares. We expect to deploy approximately $2.2 billion of Power Solutions sale proceeds during the course of fiscal 2020 which is expected to result in an incremental benefit to earnings of about $0.33. This assumes we continue to hold the remaining $1 billion of Power Solutions sale proceeds on hand. There is -- other small items result in a $0.04 headwind. These items net to our fiscal 2020 EPS guidance range before special items of $2.50 to $2.60. This represents earnings growth in the range of 28% to 33%. And the full details of our guidance is included on Slide 18. Our guidance is based on strong underlying EBIT growth of 8% to 12%, driven by solid top line performance and synergy and productivity benefits. Lastly, as a portion of the benefit related to the deployment of the Power Solutions sale proceeds will benefit fiscal 2021, I wanted to provide an updated framework for how our earnings are expected to progress as we move forward. As you can see on Slide 19, the incremental run rate benefit of proceeds deployed in 2020 and a reduction in corporate cost is expected to contribute an incremental $0.06 of earnings. This takes our fiscal 2020 EPS to a range of $2.56 to $2.66 on a run rate basis. This would be prior to the deployment of the remaining $1 billion of Power Solutions sale proceeds as well as any operational growth or benefits from additional capital deployment in 2021. Over the last two years, we have made significant progress in aligning our portfolio, improving our underlying fundamentals, and reinvesting back into the businesses. As we move forward, it is all about execution and controlling what is in our control. Although we are watching the macroeconomic environment closely, we feel good about our position entering fiscal 2020 as our backlog provides us visibility in our Field businesses, our service business tends to be more resilient, and we continue to benefit from self-help and our capital deployment. We remain focused on driving execution and delivering for our customers and shareholders. With that, let me turn it over to our operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: We will now begin our formal question-and-answer session.  The first question is coming from Gautam Khanna, Cowen & Co. Your line is open.
Gautam Khanna: Hey thanks. Good morning guys.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning Gautam.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: So, George I was wondering if you could just talk about the applied HVAC pipeline? What are you seeing in terms of front log if you will projects RFPs, what have you? Any slowdown yet to speak of in that domain?
George Oliver: No. I mean as you've seen we continue to execute very well in the commercial HVAC space. When you look at our revenues in the quarter we're up 8% with strong growth for both applied equipment and service and that was spread across North America and APAC. We've had light commercial unitary up mid- to high single-digits. And a lot of that has been a result of the new products we've been launching with our rooftop products. If you look at orders, the orders show a 3% in the quarter but that's off a strong plus 9% last year. So that's important to note. And when you look at where that's occurring it's pretty broad-based. So then if you go and look at our pipeline on projects, we continue to have a very strong pipeline that we're working pretty much across the globe and converting and that has given us confidence with the backlog we have going into 2020 and the continued progress we see - continuing maybe a little bit lower on our growth rate mid- to single-digit here through the course of 2020. But I believe that that gives us confidence that we're going to be positioned here to deliver on the commitments we made here in 2020.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And just a quick follow-up. On consolidation, you guys have kind of earmarked $1 billion for M&A. I just wondered if you could update us on your pipeline there? And do you think there's going to be any broader consolidation, any bigger moves in the space? And just your thoughts on how things might shake out with Ingersoll becoming an independent climate company and CCS spinning. Any thoughts on that? Thank you.
George Oliver: Yes, Gautam. Let me just give you my perspective. I think in any industry there's always opportunity for consolidation. But I think it's been clear based on what we've been doing with the reinvestments we've been making in products with the work that we're doing to build out our channels globally that we're focused on continuing to execute for our customers, being able to build strong pipelines of potential orders converting and ultimately executing. And I think, as we look at the future and a lot of this is tied to what we talked about with the Chief Customer Digital Officer that we've added, we see an incredible opportunity to take a very strong portfolio and position ourselves to be able to outperform on a go-forward basis. And so that's our focus. When we look at M&A, we certainly are working pipelines as we look at our each of our product businesses and our regional footprint. And we're opportunistic looking at opportunities that would strengthen our organic investments. But the focus for us is continuing to execute, delivering strong performance and then continuing to do bolt-ons as needed.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Nigel Coe, Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks, good morning.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
Nigel Coe: George, it sounds like you  your voice sounds bit creaky. So hopefully answer to the questions here. So maybe just talk about pricing broadly speaking. Obviously Asia Pac is a bit more challenging but how are you seeing pricing across the board, especially with raw materials starting to move to and then maybe just comment on price costs and how that shaped up this quarter versus expectations?
George Oliver: Nigel, I'd go back, if you look at the last two years we had a headwind in 2018. And we began to overcome that headwind at late in that year. And that positioned us well for 2019 where we got -- when you look at our top line it was roughly two or three points of the top line growth in 2019. And that contributed to a positive price/cost in 2019. Now that being said, as we've set up for 2020, we continue to make sure that we're staying disciplined from a pricing standpoint. And that we're projecting that on the topline, it will contribute about 1% to the overall topline. So, that combined with our productivity and the like will continue to offset inflation and we'll continue to be price cost positive as we go through 2020. It is important to note that with that price the impact to the margin rate is relatively neutral in 2020.
Nigel Coe: Yes, great. Thanks George. And then Brian I wanted to dig into some of the cash flow items for next year. So, you're flagging $0.3 billion of one-time outflows just maybe just talk about that. And then the tax refunds obviously as-expected, but does that came up that item? And then on the conversion question to what extent is pension income putting pressure on that conversion next year? And then the final point I know there's four points here. There's a large outflow this quarter in disc ops, just wondered if you could just discuss that as well. Thank you.
Brian Stief: So the large outflow in disc ops this year relates to the tax payment that was made associated with the gain on the Power sale. As it relates to the $600 million tax refund, we've kind of been flagging that for several quarters now. We do expect that in the first half of 2020. We're hopeful it's December-January timeframe. But I mean that because of the size of it as we've talked about previously had to go through committee with you. So, we do expect that to come in in the first half of 2020. And then the $300 million of outflow that we're flagging really relates to prior cash costs -- or current cash cost of prior restructuring charges as well as the ongoing activities that we have to support the $150 million of synergies that we're going to generate related to the $900 million target we've got through fiscal 2020 that we've talked about previously. So, was there one other question there?
Nigel Coe: Sorry yes. The pension income. To what extent is that putting some pressure on conversion?
Brian Stief: Yes, I mean pension income provides some pressure for us as does the joint venture dividends being less than our equity income, but we also get some benefit from our amortization as well. But net-net, I think when we look at our free cash flow conversion target next year at 95% as I think about how that improves on a go-forward basis to get closer to 100%, I would say there's two areas. One would be to close the gap between equity income and our joint venture dividends that we get on an annual basis. And secondly, I still think there's some improvement in trade working capital that will come through continued efforts of our cash management office team around the globe.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is coming from Jeff Sprague, Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Antonella Franzen: Hi Jeff.
George Oliver: Good morning Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Good morning. Could we dig in a little bit more George into synergy and productivity? And I'm kind of sure at this point of the game just getting a little blurry on what's synergy and what's productivity, but I'd be a little more explicit on what it is you still have yet to capture? What is kind of embedded in that number? And I'm sure you're never going to stop seeking productivity but will this bring that program to a close in 2020?
George Oliver: Yes. So as Brian laid out, we are still positioned here to deliver very strong synergy in addition to productivity here in 2020. On a go-forward basis, when you look at our cost base and our ability to be able to get continuous productivity on that cost base, normal productivity would generate about 30 basis points of net margin expansion And so our goal is to continue to keep strong pipelines of opportunities to reduce the structural cost. And then from a process standpoint with everything that we do whether it be in our manufacturing product businesses or within our field installation and service business, really driving strong operational improvements on a continuous basis going forward. And so our -- when we project beyond 2020, we're still going to have a very strong pipeline for productivity to continue to expand margins.
Jeff Sprague: And George just looking at backlog I think it goes a little bit to one of the earlier questions, right? Some of the macro indicators for whatever they're worth, right? Dodge starts the ABI, the put-in-place data all is kind of wobbling here. And it really hasn't shown up in your orders or really any of your peers' orders yet. I just wonder, if there's any additional insight you could share on maybe what you think the disconnect is there and your visibility to convert backlog as you look into 2020?
George Oliver: So I would start Jeff by the macro indicators when you look at ABI or Dodge forecast, they do suggest they are a little bit lower but they have stabilized. And when you look at some of the areas where we have strength, obviously institutional, we still believe that that has yet to peak in some of the end markets that we support there. And I think that's driving a lot of the order pipeline and the conversion of that pipeline. So what I would tell you is that when we projected the year in 2020, we're starting with a nice backlog. We have suggested that the order rate will slow a bit to kind of low mid-single digits based on what we see in the pipeline today. And the two combined is what gives us confidence that we are positioned to be able to deliver kind of low to mid single-digit growth throughout the year. Certainly we're watching this closely and making sure that from a cost standpoint that we're going to do what's necessary to adjust as needed. And what I would say is that for us, our service business is about a little better than $6 billion globally. And if you've seen our progress in the last two years, we've been able to sustain our growth rate up over 4%. So we were short of 4% two years ago. And then this past year we're north of 4%. And our goal is that we believe with the installed base that we have that we've built that there's still a tremendous opportunity to build our service business. So at the same time that we're watching the big project in that pipeline and making sure that we're going to be able to adjust appropriately as this plays out, we also are working hard to be able to execute on our service strategy that we believe that if it does soften much we're going to be positioned well with our service franchise to be able to try to make up to some of that softness.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Steve Tusa, JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Can you just talk about what you're seeing specifically in China on kind of the larger equipment and services side? Things there for everybody seem to be holding up pretty well. You guys are obviously continuing to lead the pack there to a degree on your growth. So, any color on -- is there any timing here in the next 18 months or this is going to slow down? Is it some project phasing concerns? Or are things -- think things are pretty robust there for the next -- for the foreseeable future?
George Oliver: Yes, let me frame-up China for us Steve. China overall is about 6% of our total company, about $900 million of that is in the Field and $400 million is in Global Products. When you look at the Field business, China is an important market for us in Asia-Pac. It's about 35% 40% of the Asia-Pac region. And we are seeing -- as you said, we are seeing good revenue growth. We had low double-digit organic growth here driven by HVAC equipment as well as our ability to be able to expand our service here in the quarter. And I believe that we are now lapping the tough backlog that we had in margins on a go-forward basis. Now, that being said, we -- as I was just -- I just spent over a week there, met -- I was in Shanghai, I was in Chongqing. I was in Chengdou and working with the teams and meeting with customers and meeting with the local governments. And I have to admit I left feeling really good that the work that we're doing, we're continuing to make progress. We're positioning our capabilities appropriately to capitalize on the infrastructure, expansion, and the like. And so I don't -- I'd say it's going to continue to grow. It my temper a bit based on what's happening here with some of the trade wars and the like, but overall, I have to say I feel good about the growth in the China market. We're also going to make sure that we stay competitive not only from a cost standpoint, but in how we create value with the type of projects we go after, but that's my current view Steve.
Steve Tusa: Great. Thanks a lot for all the detail and the comprehensive answer. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is coming from Julian Mitchell, Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi good morning and congratulations Brian on the Vice Chairmanship.
Brian Stief: Thank you. Thank you.
Julian Mitchell: In terms of I guess my first question just looking at the EBIT margin guide fiscal 2020, so it's up 60 to 80 bps with some corporate cost reduction within that. Just wondered when you're thinking across the four segments, do we think about that expansion being sort of APAC margins flattish and the other three in 2020 being up say 50 bps? Is that the right way to think about the segments in 2020?
George Oliver: Yes. So, when we look at -- well, let me give you a high level that obviously we're positioned here to expand margins as we've guided 40 to 60 basis points and -- for the total year. And that's going to be pretty much we'll see expansion across the Board. It's -- we're going to get better leverage out of our Global Products. And so as we look at our Global Products, we're going to be closer to a 70-plus type basis points. And then our Field-based businesses kind of the -- where we're seeing good leverage here is the work we've done in EMEA/LA being a little bit better. The one that's going to be -- the lower margin is going to be North America roughly about 30 or 40 basis points. And that's purely when you look at the total -- when you look at how we achieve the margin expansion, we get about 20 basis points on volume mix. We pick up about 50 basis points on synergies and productivities. And then we are pressured a bit on a total year with APAC as well as some other pressure we have within the overall portfolio. So that's what gets us in total. Now when you break that out into as I said North America, a little bit more pressure there because of the mix of HVAC versus Fire & Security, as well as the headwind that we've had in the retail business continuing because of the pressure that we see there in the end market that we're serving. And so overall, it's -- we're going to see improvement across the board. But the strength will be driven by Global Products as well as the EMEA/LA continued performance of EMEA/LA and then beginning to recover here in APAC.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you very much. And then my second question just around that Global Products residential revenue aspect. So you had as you said down low double-digits revenue in Global Resi HVAC in Q4. Just wondered if you could give a bit more color around the Asian piece? You talked about Japan and Taiwan being culprits. Is there something going on market share-wise there? I think numbers in Japan have been okay. So I just wondered what your outlook was on that Asian piece within Global Resi HVAC?
George Oliver: Sure. So let me frame it up here Julian, when you look at Global Products organic revenue growth being flat in Q4, let's start that it was off of a plus nine last year. And that we did expect a decline in North America Resi, given that a year ago we had 20-plus percent growth. And when we -- coming into the quarter we knew that there was going to be distributed inventory levels that we're going to have to be burnt off. Now what was softer as Brian talked about was the APAC residential business. And just to frame that up it's about $1.8 billion in annual revenue. It's primarily the Hitachi JV and that -- with the strength and the position that we have in Japan and Taiwan. The overall decline, it was a low-teen decline. That impacted as Brian said three points of our global products growth. Now if you break it out into Taiwan and Japan, the decline in Taiwan were partly due to a mild summer. We had -- distributors had to burn through their inventory as the cooling season was coming to an end in our fourth quarter. And then as we look at it today, we see the inventory levels to be back to normal at the end of September. Recognize that we have about a -- we do have a very strong share position in that market. And so we do believe on a go-forward basis we're going to be positioned well and continuing to maintain share. In Japan, we had a very strong first three quarters ourselves in Japan. And then the market decline began to occur in Q4. And so with that we saw our distributors burning off inventory. And I think right now I just came back from there. I spent a few days with our team there. What I would say is that the inventory levels are back to where they need to be. We are a little bit concerned about continued softness here in Q1. So we're going to watch that closely. I would tell you from my visit and the deep dive that I've done on all of our investments, I feel really good about the business with the investments we're making and being able to maintain a very strong position in these markets. And so that's kind of the way I see it today but we are going to see a little bit of pressure here in Q1 because of the Japan market.
Julian Mitchell: Thats great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Andrew Kaplowitz of Citi. Your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning, guys.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
George Oliver: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Kaplowitz: George in Building Solutions North America you mentioned mix issues Q4 versus Q3 as service is better. But put a really large EBITDA improvement 40 basis points versus last quarter, which I think was down 90 despite Fire & Security growth still being lower than HVAC. So can you give more color into the improvement? I know you just said that retail pressure didn't really go away. Did it abate at all? Or was it really just a better service mix or maybe better sales force productivity?
George Oliver: So there's a lot of -- let me try to frame this up, so you can kind of put the pieces together. Overall, as you said, we had a lot of pressure in the previous quarter with mix and the like. And now in the fourth quarter we were 40 basis points year-on-year improvement. When you look at the breakdown of that volume and mix was about 20 basis points. We're seeing good volume come through continued volume. We're seeing very strong productivity savings and cost synergies, which was up 40 basis points. There is a little bit of a headwind on pension. And then there's -- we're almost done with the headwind that we've seen in sales investments. And so when you walk that through that's where which ultimately achieve the net 40 basis points year-on-year. And so it's -- we're obviously watching this closely as we get into Q1. We are looking and making sure that on a year-on-year basis we're a continued -- positioned to continue to expand. I believe that right now it's going to be somewhat flat because of the way the mix is going to come through and some of the pressure that we're seeing in retail. But we're going to continue to focus on driving strong productivity and cost savings while we're executing on the growth.
Antonella Franzen: And Andy, the only thing I would add as a reminder is just keep in mind that in Q3 for North America, part of that decline really had to do with the really strong performance we had in the North America retail business in Q3 of 2018. And we didn't have that same dynamic here in our fourth quarter.
Andrew Kaplowitz: That's helpful, guys. And then George can you talk about the Fire & Security markets in particular? I think you mentioned that Fire & Security products growth was good. Your field orders have hung in there reasonably well. But how much of it is sort of the markets being strong? I know fire detection generally has been pretty strong. How much of it is sort of self-help over the last few years for you guys in markets like security and digital improving the business versus the market? Are you outperforming the market?
George Oliver: So let me start Andy by breaking it out into products and field. And so if you look at our Fire & Security products, we were up although it prints 2% but that was on a low double-digit prior year compare. So, on a two-year stack, we're still doing extremely well with our product businesses. Now if you dig into that fire detection was up 7% and that's a result of both reinvestment in new products, continuing to expand our channel and the sales force and then ultimately being able to convert backlog. The security was flat. Now that's on a very tough comp also year-on-year. I believe it was high teens And we are continuing to invest and position ourselves with the right products and mix and how we want to compete in security as it relates to our overall -- when we look at our digital solutions, the importance of having that product mix within the portfolio. And then the last is our fire suppression business continues to perform very well. I believe that we continue to gain share. We're up mid-single digits pretty much and that's pretty broad-based across the globe. When you look at our -- the Field businesses, we're up 4% and that's both install as well as service and it's broad-based. It's across all three regions. There's been a big -- like I spoke earlier about our focus on building services. We continue to focus on how we build out our service capabilities. But overall I would say that we're performing -- we are performing at above the market with both our product and technology businesses as well as how we're executing projects and service.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question is coming from Deepa Raghavan, Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Deepa Raghavan: Hey good morning all. Would you say at this time your Field backlog -- just given your Field backlog and your visibility into fiscal 2020, now your visibility is at least three quarters out? Or you think that's lower perhaps you declining? And any color on how that visibility splits across regions?
George Oliver: Yes. It's pretty -- what I would say is the -- if you look at our order rate in 2019, right, we had a good pace of order growth throughout the year. It was driven by pretty healthy end-market demand, pretty much across the Board, some softness in the Middle East and a few soft spots, but overall, pretty broad-based across all three of our regions. With the work that we've been doing in expanding our salesforce as well as our service technicians, I think at the end of the day, we're positioned well now to be able to convert that. And if you look at the mix of projects, it's a balanced mix of small, mid, and large-sized projects. And so what we do is we take that backlog and we look at how it's going to convert over the next year, much of which is in backlog. And with the continued -- as I said earlier, with the idea that there might be some -- a little bit of pressure here to maintain our mid to upper single-digit order growth that we've seen in the last two years, we're suggesting that might be more of the low to mid order growth that we're putting into the backlog that that's what then pretty much ties to our organic revenue growth of low to mid-single-digit for the year. And so again that's something we'll watch closely, but we are starting the year with a healthy backlog.
Deepa Raghavan: Got it. My follow-up would be on cadence of month. Can you talk about how the quarter progressed? I mean did momentum strengthen or weaken in any of your geographies or any of your Products or Field businesses? Thank you.
George Oliver: The -- just a clarification on that. So, how the quarter -- the quarters progressed through 2020?
Deepa Raghavan: No, the month -- and in the quarter how did your F Q4 -- fiscal Q4 progressed by month. Did you see increasing momentum as in or momentum decreasing in certain verticals or certain geographies?
George Oliver: Yes. I mean when we look at our businesses and it differs a bit. But typically the third month of the quarter is where a lot of projects close and a lot of the shipments get made. So, there is a little bit of an anomaly here on a quarterly basis where the third month is always our strongest which ultimately was the case in the fourth quarter. So, I don't believe that there was any change in the profile of how the quarter played out with what we expected. I think we did see as we knew as the quarter played out that from a residential standpoint that was a little bit of where we saw additional softness from what we were expecting when we started the quarter. But that was probably the only spot that as the quarter played out, it didn't play out as we would have normally expected.
Brian Stief: Yes, I think the cadence in Q4 of fiscal 2019 was very similar to the cadence of the monthly in Q4 in 2018. So I don't think there was anything unusual at all.
Deepa Raghavan: Got it. Thank you for the color.
Operator: The next question is coming from Josh Pokrzywinski, Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning all.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
Brian Stief: Good morning.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Just wanted to follow-up on -- I think something has become a bit more topical recently, maybe more of the applied space than anything else. This whole concept of refrigerant upgrades, more energy efficiency, it seems like something that the whole industry has been talking about for decades on end. That's really starting to come into its own. George could you size for us, how much of the business is really around some of these kind of energy efficiency upgrades versus something that's more break-fix or maybe new install focused and how that's been doing?
George Oliver: Yes. So while there's a couple of different questions, I guess embedded in that question. When you look at what we do today, certainly as we're bringing new products to the market they are more efficient. They're in higher demand. And ultimately there's a payback from an energy standpoint. So I think consumers and even from a B2B standpoint when you're -- when we do a performance solutions, we bring our new equipment. It delivers energy efficiency. We deliver value and ultimately we get paid for that value. I think for all of us we are anticipating -- there's a lot of pending legislation around HFC refrigerants. And ultimately what's that going to mean? We're taking a very active role and we support bipartisan federal legislation being introduced that gives the EPA authority to phase down the high global warming potential of HFC refrigerants in a manner that's consistent with the Kangalee amendment in the Montreal protocol. That being said is we want to work with the industry as a whole in -- with a consistent approach to the HFC transition rather than a patchwork of individual state laws, targeting different sectors or having different transition date. So all of the investments that we've made is -- in our R&D is to develop new low GWP product platforms. A good example is our YZ chillers in anticipation of these regulations. And so we're very active in the industry, making sure that as we project what's going to happen here from an efficiency standpoint, making sure that we're delivering the highest efficiency, as well as being able to drive the regulation appropriately. That's what our commitment is. And we believe that that would benefit our customers, shareholders as well as the environment.
Josh Pokrzywinski: And then just a follow-up. If I remember back to the Tyco days and I think early in the integration there were parts of the products business, I think around oil and gas that showed a little bit of surprising cyclicality that were a drag on the business. I think today those are probably some markets that are a little choppy themselves. Is that something that's still in the portfolio? Did some of that leave with Scott? Maybe just kind of update us on how that's performing relative to the whole?
George Oliver: Yeah. So the -- what remains is our fire suppression business has a strong position in the oil and gas space with high hazard technologies that they bring. And so -- and as we said earlier that business is actually continuing to perform very well. And when we look at our field based businesses, obviously, we restructured a lot of those businesses in the downturn. And we've been very careful in how we grow those businesses on a go-forward basis, capitalizing on where we believe the opportunities are and ultimately where we don't want to play. So, our footprint is much smaller than it was back then without the Scott Safety business as well as the way that we've restructured our field businesses over that time period. 
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Its helpful. Thanks for the color.
Antonella Franzen: With that operator I'd like to turn the call back over to George for some closing comments. 
George Oliver: Yes. Just to wrap up here today, I want to thank everyone for joining our call this morning. We have made a tremendous amount of progress this year. And we'll build upon that momentum in 2020 as we laid out our guidance and I am looking forward to seeing many of you soon. So operator that concludes our call.
Operator: That will conclude today's conference. All parties may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Johnson Controls Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. . This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now like to turn over the call to Antonella Franzen, Vice President and Chief Investor Relations and Communications Officer.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls third quarter fiscal 2019 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our Website at johnsoncontrols.com. With me today are Johnson Controls' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief.
George R. Oliver: Thanks Antonella and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call. I'm going to start with a few strategic highlights from the quarter beginning on Slide 3. Looking at our results for the quarter as a whole we remain encouraged by the ongoing progress we've seen over the last several quarters. We delivered another strong quarter of organic revenue, order and backlog growth and also delivered on our commitment to generate $600 million in adjusted free cash flow. These results reflect the continued emphasis on driving underlying fundamentals focused on innovation and new product development, talent management, enhancing commercial excellence across the organization, and optimizing our cost structure.  As I think about the reinvestments we have made and continue to make to support future growth I am confident that we are strategically strengthening our market position. As we highlighted in the examples we provided to you last quarter our objective to lead the evolution of smarter, more efficient, and more sustainable buildings and infrastructure is coming more into focus every day. In pursuit of developing our strategy in connected buildings we are actively partnering with our customers, technology providers, and integrators to create comprehensive digital solutions with attractive value propositions that assist our customers in achieving their goals and missions. Our broad portfolio of smart edge devices, connected equipment and systems in cloud based data analytics capabilities provide Johnson Controls the unique competitive advantage as the industry begins this transition.
Brian J. Stief: Thanks George and good morning everyone. So starting on Slide 6 let's take a look at our year-over-year EPS bridge, operational performance including synergy and productivity save contributed $0.10 which was partially offset by $0.02 of continued product investments in the fiscal 2018 run rate sales force additions we have talked about in prior quarters. Other below the line items contributed a net $0.03 to our Q3 results of $0.65 which was up 20% year-on-year.  Moving to Slide 7 let's review our segment results on a consolidated basis. Sales of 6.5 billion increased 6% led by 7% growth in products and 5% growth in our field businesses. During the quarter we saw solid service growth in North America and tempered growth in EMEA/LA and APAC. Overall service growth was 2% in Q3 and we continued to convert our project backlog with installation revenue up 6% led by solid growth across all regions. Segment EBITDA of 992 million grew 7% driven by volume leverage from our field and products businesses as well as productivity and synergy save. Q3 segment EBIT margin provided 20 basis points to 15.4% as volume leveraged across our businesses, favorable mix in global products, and synergy and productivity save is partially offset by a 30 basis points headwind related to mix in North America that George mentioned. As you can see in our margin waterfall, underlying operational improvement contributed 60 basis points which was partially offset by continued product and run rate sales force investments.  Now let's take a look at each of the segments in more detail, so starting with North America on Slide 8, sales group 4% driven by continued strength in both installed and service which were up 4% and 3% respectively. Q3 growth was led by strong high single-digit growth in our applied HVAC and controls businesses as we saw double-digit increase in Applied Equipment sales. Our Fire & Security service and installed businesses grew low single-digits on a tough prior year compared to 7%. Our performance solutions business declined high single-digits in the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA declined 3% and EBITDA margin decreased 90 basis points to 13.3%. Benefits from synergy and productivity save as well as volume leverage were more than offset by unfavorable mix within the individual platforms and the year-over-year impact of our run rate sales force additions. So just to comment on mix as this was a primary driver of the North American margin headwind we saw in the quarter. You may remember that in Q3 last year we benefited from very favorable mix in our North America segment. This was a result of a higher margin Fire & Security businesses growing at a faster pace than our HVAC business. Additionally within Fire & Security our high margin retail business had a very strong Q3 last year driven by several large shipments to big box retailers. 
George R. Oliver: Thanks Brian. Before we open up the line for questions let me provide you an update on our 2019 guidance starting with our EPS walk on Slide 18. Just a couple of changes versus what we shared with you last quarter, there is no change to the EPS benefit from operations, synergies, and investments in sales force additions. You can see the impact of our capital deployment on net financing charges and share count. Compared to our EPS guidance range last quarter there is $0.04 of additional benefit at the midpoint of the range. This primarily relates to a benefit in net financing charges due to favorable interest income rates and less interest expense given our significant debt paid down activity during the quarter. As well as a start to right size corporate costs resulting from the sale of Power Solutions. As a result we are tightening our EPS guidance to the high end of our previous range and now expect the EPS before special items to be in the range of a $1.93 to a $1.95 representing EPS growth of 21% to 23% year-over-year. This includes an expected Q4 adjusted EPS range of $0.76 to $0.78. Turning to Slide 19, we have updated some of our operational assumptions as well as the below the line items to reflect our year-to-date performance and current outlook for Q4. For the full year organic growth is now expected to come in at the high end of our previous range up 5% to 6%. Given the higher expected revenues coupled with the Q3 mix in North America our segment EBITR margin expansion is now expected to be approximately 30 basis points for the year. As I mentioned earlier we are continuing to see top line momentum across the businesses and our focus remains on driving the fundamentals both from a P&L and cash perspective. With that let me turn it over to our operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: . Our first question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Sprague: Hey, thank you, good morning everyone. 
Antonella Franzen: Good morning Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Good morning. Just on cash use and kind of the outlook for that, clearly on the repo it looks like you're holding back and Brian actually used the term like if we see the need to preserve cash, so can you just give a little bit of color on what you're thinking, do you see something more worrisome from a macro standpoint, or are there some particular reason you're kind of keeping a 1 billion in your back pocket here?
Brian J. Stief: No, I think what I was trying to communicate there Jeff was simply that we've got a formal program right now for 3.1 billion and our plan is to make sure that gets executed during fiscal 2020. As we move through the year we could very well use that other $1 billion for share repo as we move in the back half of next year but we are going to just maintain a bit of flexibility both from a macro standpoint to see how things play out and there might also be some product line gap fillers or other M&A that we want to look at as well. So we just didn't want to fully commit right now the entire 4.1 but we're going to do the 3.1 and the remaining $1 billion will kind of keep you updated on as we move throughout fiscal 2020. 
Jeffrey Sprague: And then maybe as a follow up on that George, what are you thinking on the M&A front, you have an active bolt on pipeline, anything moving through that pipeline?
George R. Oliver: Yeah, let me start Jeff by saying relative to our performance as we've communicated we're continuing to focus on execution, delivering our commitments and delivering results. That all being said we continue to look at M&A with bolt ons that as we're reinvesting with our organic reinvestments we're making sure we're supplementing that with strategic bolt on. So there is a pipeline that we've been working, a lot of that is in the building management systems as we build out our capabilities within our digital solutions, and so we are continuing to pursue acquisitions. As Brian said we do believe that the environment we still see a very good environment, pretty much across our markets. And we're continuing to capitalize on that as we're converting not only the pipeline to orders but now the orders to grow. And so we're going to stay focused on execution, we're going to make sure that we're also keeping track relative to what's happening in the M&A and as we go forward we want to continue to strengthen what we're doing organically.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz with Citi. Your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning guys. 
Antonella Franzen: Good morning Andy. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: George, we know you had a relatively significant mix issue that you talked about in Building Solutions North America. You mentioned Fire & Security is growing more slower than HVAC & Controls but it did slow down a little bit in Q3 versus Q2. You mentioned a difficult comparison on retailers this quarter but any of the store growth a little slower in U.S. retail economy and how much would you expect a 90 basis points of mix headwind on the business to improve in the quarters ahead?
George R. Oliver: Yes, so as we look at what took place in third quarter, as you said it was mainly driven because last year we had very strong growth in Fire & Security and within that very strong growth in retail. And then year-on-year although we are outperforming the market in Fire & Security in 2019 it's at a much lower growth than our HVAC business which we're continuing to execute very well. And so as we now project North America going forward we see in fourth quarter roughly about 30 basis points with the mix that's going to come through in third quarter. And for the year I mean it will be relatively flat for the year.  Now when you look at the year it suggests that our productivity and synergies is offsetting the investments we're making in sales force as well as the pension headwind. And then the volume that we are achieving now is offsetting some of that negative mix. But we're very confident with the fundamentals we have in place, the way that we're driving improved fundamentals to be able to on a go forward basis see improved leverage as we go into 2020.
Andrew Kaplowitz: George maybe if I could follow-up on that, the incrementals in your products business were much stronger than usual. We know that pricing versus costs are strong but did you actually have lower investment than usual in the quarter in that segment and you talked about incrementals in products getting up to 30% over time, I know you mentioned op investment in Q4 but you are actually ahead of schedule on improving the execution on the products in that segment?
George R. Oliver: Yeah, when you look at our product business year-on-year this is where a lot of the work that we've done around price cost has come through and as you know we had significant commodity headwinds as well as tariffs. We've done a nice job ultimately driving price as well as productivity to get positive price cost and that within the quarter is about 40 basis points. So overall that has been a big strength for us. With the leverage when you look at our investment profile it is -- it was pretty much spread through the year and as Brian said, we'll see some additional reinvestment in fourth quarter based on the timing of our product launches. But it's not -- it's in line with what we expected.  So as we look at these businesses what I would say is we're building the fundamentals, we're getting the lift with the reinvestments we're making and that's coming through the growth, and that we're executing very well the price cost which is adding to the overall margins. On a go forward basis we believe with the continued performance with growth, with the work that were driving fundamentals we're going to be in a position to be able to leverage the product. The leverage margins will be 25% to 30%. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: And you see that 40 basis points being pretty stable going for the price cost?
Brian J. Stief: Yeah, I mean based on what we see today I mean you can't predict all of what's going to happen in the future but I feel confident now that we're -- we have a good understanding of what's happening from a cost standpoint, what's happening with tariffs, and that from a pricing standpoint we're now pricing -- taking that into account on a go forward basis. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Stephen Tusa: Hey guys, good morning. 
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
Stephen Tusa: Can you maybe talk about what you are seeing on the global applied markets, what your order pipeline looks like for the next several quarters including in China?
George R. Oliver: Yeah, what was the -- which markets are you referring to Steve?
Stephen Tusa: Global applied. Applied equipment, just the order pipeline there, HVAC applied. 
George R. Oliver: So, let me just give you a perspective on our overall HVAC businesses globally. When you look at our performance our orders are up 6% globally. Our revenues we converted revenues at 7% and when you look at our pipeline we're continuing to build pipelines pretty much across the globe that are up kind of mid to high single-digits both in our commercial and residential businesses. So overall I feel very good about the work that we've done to be able to take advantage of that market. When you break out into the segmentation you see our commercial HVAC businesses are growing 7% and that's been driven by applied as well as with the service that we're getting and as a result of the installed base that we're putting in place. And then when you look at rev  we're up kind of mid single-digits and that's a combination of our UPG business up kind of mid single-digits in North American and our  business up high single-digits. Up high single-digits globally and so overall Steve we still feel very good about the pipeline, how we're converting the pipeline, and then how that's setting us up here as we go forward in 2020.
Stephen Tusa: Okay, and any specific comments on China, what you're seeing in China commercial HVAC?
George R. Oliver: Yeah, so China when you look at the China market it continues to perform. I mean we're seeing kind of orders in the mid single-digits, we're seeing a little bit better in service which is high single-digits. So we're watching this closely but as you know we have a strong presence there. We have a strong positions from a market share standpoint and we've been making sure that we've got the right product. And we're ultimately capitalizing on the growth that's occurring. So we have not seen any significant change in the activity or the pipeline that we're building and as I said we're continuing to build our service business which over the cycle is very important to make sure that we're getting the recurring revenues. 
Antonella Franzen: Steve the only thing I would add is that China specifically orders were very -- although APAC was up 1%. China orders were really strong and it was a mix between install and service.
Stephen Tusa: Great, thanks for the color guys. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Your line is open. 
Nigel Coe: Thanks, good morning. 
Antonella Franzen: Good morning. 
Nigel Coe: Just wanted to go back to North America  and the retail headwinds, you have obviously covered that already but can you just recap how big is the retail exposure there and it does feel like the physical footprint of the retail effect is starting to shrink in an accelerated pace, I'm just wondering how you think about that business going forward in light of this online transition that seems to be occurring?
George R. Oliver: Globally Nigel the retail business is about $1 billion business. It is a global business with a significant piece of that in North America. What happened last year we had very strong growth in the quarter last year and it was mainly driven by some significant product shipments in the quarter which obviously didn't repeat this year. Overall as you know we got multiple businesses there, we have the antitheft security business as well as we've been building a digital traffic business. As well as our inventory management business, those businesses are performing well. Certainly with the slowdown in some of the challenges in retail, some of the projects have been pushed out which we've seen here in third quarter and we're watching that closely for fourth quarter. But as you know overall this is a good business. We've had a lot of growth, we had a lot of growth last year obviously seeing the impact this year, but we're going to watch this closely.
Nigel Coe: Okay, great and then just a quick one on the NPI line, it's up quite a bit from your prior guides and I'm just wondering what's -- what business is driving that? 
George R. Oliver: So those would be the Hitachi businesses where we own 60% of those ventures and they perform -- continue to perform very strong and that Q3 and Q4 and even into fiscal 2020 we're going to continue to see that NCI line move up simply because of the strong performance of Hitachi.
Nigel Coe: And then just Brian quickly is that better revenue or better margin and where do we stack up right now on getting cash out of those JVs? 
Brian J. Stief: So you probably saw in the quarter if you look at the cash flow statement that was attached to our release we did get a big dividend in the quarter as we expected. As I think I've mentioned on this call in the past the second calendar quarter of each year is when we have certain of the board meetings related Hitachi entity -- entities I should say and we did receive a large dividend in the third quarter as we had planned so the good news is it's at a larger amount than we've got in prior years and we continue on a go forward basis. We'll have to work on getting out a similar level of dividend or again as I've talked about in the past it may require some reinvestment in the Hitachi business to support the growth. So on a go forward basis we're just going to have to monitor the level of dividends that we get out of the Hitachi joint venture but in the quarter we got a large one.
Nigel Coe: Okay, thanks Brian.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Your line is open. 
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Maybe just the first question on the corporate expense, very, very good progress there again. And when we think about the sort of go forward run rate I think we've been thinking maybe another 50 million or so reduction into next year. Does that sound about right so the sort of go forward to run rate is closer to 330 million figure like that? 
Brian J. Stief: Yeah, that might be a little heavy. I would just say that I was very pleased with the actions that our corporate team took immediately after the Power sale to begin taking costs out to right size. I would say this year there's probably going to be $10 million taken out. Realistically as we transition through fiscal 2020 I would say that cost will be taken out during the course of the year so if you assume we take them out pro-rata that's going to probably give you another 20 million minimum and if we can accelerate some of that maybe 30 million to 35 million would come out next year. And then the full run rate of 50 million we would see as we move into 2021. So I think more along the 30 million to 35 million is probably a better number to work with.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful, thank you. And then just a quick follow-up, I'm not sure how specific you can get but you did book that 140 million environmental reserves in the quarter, so maybe just give us a mark-to-market of where the environmental reserves sit now in total at present at JCI and this charge obviously cleaned up that Wisconsin issue you mentioned in the Q and the noise on a triple S around municipal and individual actions, any upcoming events you think we should watch for, all points on that as they pertain to JCI? 
Brian J. Stief: Well let me comment on your first question regarding environmental reserve. I think we are appropriate reserved for the Marinette issue based upon all the work that we did in the quarter. Incremental of that $140 million reserve I believe we've got reserves globally for other matters less than $100 million. I want to say between $50 million and $100 million. There's a footnote disclosure on that in the Q's and K's but this particular matter in Marinette at 140 million is the largest one that we will manage over the next several years. So I think from an environmental research standpoint we feel comfortable with where we are. 
George R. Oliver: And Julian let me address the other part of the question on the civil litigation. I think we need to put this in perspective. Tyco and Chemguard make life saving firefighting foam, PFAS chemicals. They purchased the compounds that contain trace amounts of PFAS which they then blend to make the foam. And the fire fighting foam is made to exacting military standards. So majority of the foam at issue is specified and used by the U.S. government and military and therefore subject to the government contractors defense. And Tyco and Chemguard have always acted responsibly in producing these firefighting foams and we feel very confident in our ability to defend these clients.
Julian Mitchell: Great, thank you
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Hey, good morning guys. So you made a comment earlier George about some of the channel inventories in the unitary side just still being high at the end of the quarter. How long do you think it takes to work those down and then if you seen any pushback or softening in the price environment just as other folks in the system as well are trying to move inventory along a little bit in the back half of the cooling season?
Brian J. Stief: I think we should see a normal bring down of that inventory during Q4 and I don't think it's going to have any impact on our pricing in the market at all. So I think it's more seasonal that will come down here as we move through the fourth quarter.
George R. Oliver: And we've been managing the inventory as this has played out over the last quarter and some of the impact of weather and the like we've been managing that appropriately. We are watching that closely as we get into the latter part of the season here but we are positioned as we have planned.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Got it, that's helpful. And then just a follow up on the retail Fire & Security exposure there. I guess I knew mix was strong last year, I didn't appreciate exactly where that came from. But just thinking about the pipeline in that piece specifically is -- does that tend to be lumpy over time, are there any other quarters that we should keep in mind over the past several that have had outsized mix there as you comp that could be could be a challenge?
George R. Oliver: When I look at -- I've been part of the business for a number of years, when we look at the profile of business you do have some year-on-year compares occasionally because of the way the projects are executed with retailers. There is a seasonality to the business as you look at the four different quarters. So I don't think it was anything unusual based on what we've seen. Certainly we're pretty much aligned with all of the big retailers given the presence that we have in retail and we are staying close to what their plans are relative to their investments and the like. So I don't see anything that's significantly unusual at this stage.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Great, thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. 
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning everyone. 
Antonella Franzen: Good morning. 
Deane Dray: Hey, would like to get some color as you see it in North America non-res construction, just kind of trends, there's some anxiety in some sectors that the macro uncertainty is weighing on project releases and just are you seeing anything along those lines and just to be clear on the retail push outs that you've seen, is that more retail sector specific or would that be attributed to some of the broader macro ones certainly?
George R. Oliver: So let me start with your first question there Deane relative to the environment. I think when we look at all of our industries whether it be ABI, Dodge  forecast and what the overall activity is it's still given where we play and a lot of that is in the institutional space we see continued expansion. Now we've also expanded our sales force and our footprint so I think at this stage you could it would suggest we are picking up some share. So our pipelines are continuing to grow, we're converting those two orders are North America orders. We are up -- North America orders in total are up 6% but HVAC was up double-digits. And so we're high single-digits -- we're performing well and creating a backlog and we feel confident that we're going to see that continuing here at least in the near term.  As it relates to retail the discussion around retail is retail specific. I mean this is a project by project as we look at our customer base and what their plans were and what ultimately played out. It's specific to each of the retailers and so as I have said we have pretty good visibility especially with the large retailers, what their plans are, and we're going to monitor that as we go forward. 
Deane Dray: Great and then just what's embedded in the 4Q guide, you typically see during summer months some verticals make bigger project implementations like K through 1 colleges, are you seeing that those projects going through as expected?
George R. Oliver: Absolutely, I mean when we look at our growth as we suggested we're going to grow mid single-digits in Q4 and that will get us to 5% to 6% organic growth in total. And when you look at the compare that's over a 7.6% growth last fourth quarter. So we look at our current pipeline of projects that we're executing to deliver on that, those are all moving forward as planned.
Deane Dray: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Walsh with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Walsh: Hi, good morning. 
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
John Walsh: Hi, so we were actually talking to a couple of integrators and they were really excited about a new product release you guys had put out enterprise management 2.0 and what they were basically intimating to me is it seems like JCI and Honeywell are really taking the lead on smart buildings AI and really bringing additional capability to occupants. Is there anything you can point to around metrics you've seen not necessarily specific to this product but other control products, obviously there's been good growth there that we're actually going to see building owners willing to upgrade and pay for some of these newer services that you're offering?
George R. Oliver: So this is core to our overall strategy for the company as you think about our portfolio leading in our HVAC equipment and then leading in building management. And building management it's how this is on top of what we're doing to integrate all of our digital platforms, create a data layer with our Digital Vault, and then to be able to create new solutions on top of that data to be able to create value for our customers. And so what you're referring to the enterprise management is what we call our jump which is John's controlled enterprise management taking all of that data and positioning that data to be able to deliver and execute for our customers things that they ultimately see value in. And so we've got that deployed now across a number of installations and very successfully and as we think about not only that but we've got a number of other digital solutions that we're deploying today that we can take our installed base that we have with our service business to be able to add on these digital solutions and be able to accelerate our service growth with the customers that we're currently supporting. So as you said its core to the strategy how we ultimately create more value for our customers and then leverage all of our digital capabilities to do that.
John Walsh: Yeah I guess maybe as a follow on, do you have any numbers around the size of the business either what your pure software component is, things like that if you can share? 
George R. Oliver: We don't segment our revenues today but as you know across our business we have a lot of software embedded in the products as well as the solutions that we bring to the market. So when you look at that we have software within our building controls, within our security platform, within our fire platform, and what we're doing now is taking all of that, integrating that as well as building a data platform that enables us to be able to create apps and be able to create new outcomes that ultimately is going to create service growth for us. So we don't segment it that way but as we go forward that's something as we look at how we're taking our building management solutions forward is something that we'll focus on and how we can create some metrics so you can track the progress that we're making with the investments we're making? 
John Walsh: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Noah Kaye: Good morning, thanks. Just going back to China you talked about service maybe outpacing install. Just your thoughts on I guess one install coming back, reasons for any kind of delays there, and then your confidence and ability to drive price and favorable mix on the business you quoted?
George R. Oliver: Yeah, the comment on the low single-digits was in order as I think overall our orders were somewhat flat on the install side with the service being a little bit higher. But as we project what we're going to do there when you look at the overall growth in the pipeline we suggest that we're still going to see kind of mid single-digit growth in both orders as well as revenue. And that from a service standpoint we're continuing to put resources in place to be able to accelerate the service off the installed base that we've got in place there. And so this for us is a big market for us, it represents in our field business it's about -- represents about -- well in the overall buildings business 6% of our revenue and in the field business in APAC it's about 35% to 40% of our APAC business. So obviously a very important market for us.
Noah Kaye: And I guess not just generally -- not just for APAC but generally can you talk about some of your initiatives to drive greater recurring revenues, your previous comments on software and obviously there are tools here to make business more sticky but just generally how should we think about kind of the growth of recurring as a percentage of the total?
George R. Oliver: So in total when you look at the overall company service represents a little bit better than 25% of the revenue. About 60% of that is recurring and how we contract that revenue. And a lot of that is supported by software and so as we have been driving our service strategy there is a couple of key components making sure we get the right sales force that we're deploying globally. And as you know we've made tremendous progress over the last year, year and a half with the sales force getting the right footprint in the key markets that we're looking to grow within which we've been expanding our footprint. And then enabling that with the right solutions leveraging our technology incapability. So it's a combination of all three. We've been able to get to our run rate overtime that's roughly been about mid single-digits and our goal is obviously not only to continue to grow at the same rate that we're growing installed but also grow with a higher percentage of recurring revenue. So that's 60% that we contract that's recurring and then creating more stickiness with the digital solutions that we can ultimately deploy that becomes more recurring longer-term with the solutions that we put into place. And that's the overall strategy.
Noah Kaye: Perfect, thanks George.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Wojs with Baird. Your line is open. 
Tim Wojs: Yeah, hi, good morning everybody. Just -- maybe just one question I had on the investments that are you're kind of incurring right now, what's the right level of kind of ongoing incremental investment that we should think of as we kind of think in the out years, it was 60 basis point headwind to margins last year. I think it's probably closer to half that this year. How much of that can kind of go away over time and how much of that will kind of continue incrementally each year?
George R. Oliver: Well there is two elements that drive that reinvestment. The first is the sales increase that we were adding ahead of the growth actually coming through and that's been the headwind for the last two years. We are now adding at a rate that is sustainable so that the cost as a percent of revenue now has flattened out. So we shouldn't see any additional headwind going forward relative to our sales cost. The other big bucket is our reinvestment in R&D in new products and as you know we've been ramping that up over the last three to four years. We're now ending as we get through this year and we project going forward we should be able to maintain that level of reinvestment as a percent of product revenues more flat. So we shouldn't see any significant headwind there on a go forward basis. 
Tim Wojs: Okay, so if we kind of look into 2020 the investments that you've seen over the last couple years you'd actually think that would be more kind of flat on a year-over-year basis versus a headwind? 
Brian J. Stief: That's correct. 
George R. Oliver: As a percent of revenue so we'll be spending more dollars but as a percent of revenue we won't have the headwind on the EPS bridge. 
Tim Wojs: Right, right, exactly, okay. And then Brian just -- just on the debt pay down what's the average cost of the remaining debt now.
Brian J. Stief: About -- the remaining debt there's 97% of that that's fixed and it's at an average rate of just a little bit above 3%. 
Tim Wojs: Okay, great. Thank you.
Antonella Franzen: Operator I would like to turn the call over to George for some closing comments.
George R. Oliver: So again I want to thank everyone for joining our call this morning. As you see we're pleased with our continued momentum in growth orders and backlog. As I mentioned earlier we are keeping a close eye on the macro environment but overall our end markets are remaining healthy and our order pipeline robust. And I certainly look forward to seeing many of you soon. So operator that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. Please disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Johnson Controls Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call.  This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will turn the call over to Antonella Franzen, Vice President and Chief Investor Relations and Communications Officer.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls second quarter fiscal 2019 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our Web site at johnsoncontrols.com.
George Oliver: Thanks, Antonella, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on todays call. Let me start with some of the high level strategic highlights from the quarter, beginning on Slide 4. We delivered another quarter of solid results with continued improvement across a majority of our underlying fundamental metrics. The investments weve made throughout the sales organization and into new product development, combined with our ongoing efforts around commercial excellence, continue to drive strong organic top line growth across the board. We continue to grow our service business. A key element of our overall strategy in enhancing value for our buildings customers. And as I will share with you in just a second, these efforts are increasingly being acknowledged by our customers. With the exception of Asia Pacific, margins were higher in each segments as we remain focused on driving productivity optimizing our cost structure and improving our pricing discipline across our product categories as well as in our project businesses. Operational leverage is improving, which will become more evident over the next several quarters as the pricing weve built into the system over the last 12 months fully matures and raw materials and tariff impacts have stabilized.
Brian Stief: Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. So let's start on Slide 7 and look at our year-over-year EPS bridge. As you can see operational performance including synergies and productivity contributed about $0.10. And this was partially offset by $0.02 of continued product investments and the carryover run rate of our fiscal '18 sales force additions. We also saw some other items create $0.02 worth headwinds related primarily to FX, and its below the line items. But as George mentioned, overall EPS in the quarter was up 23%. So moving to Slide 8, let's take a look at buildings on a consolidated basis. Sales of $5.8 billion increased 6% organically led by continued strength in our shorter cycle product segment, which was up 7% and 6% growth in our field businesses where we saw continued strength in service and project installation, which were up 5% and 6%, respectively. The continued strength in our field business is a reflection of the strong backlog we've been doing over the past several quarters. Total segment EBITDA of $671 million grew 11% organically, driven by strong growth from our field and product businesses as well as ongoing productivity and cost synergy save. Total segment EBITDA margin expanded 50 basis points on an organic basis to a 11.6%. And as you can see in the waterfall underlying operational improvement contributed about 100 basis points and this was partially offset by the product investments and run rate sales force additions.
George Oliver: Thanks, Brian. Before we open up the lines for questions, just a quick update on our 2019 guidance starting with our EPS walk on Slide 17. The only change to our bridge versus what we shared with you last quarter is the EPS benefit associated with the use of proceeds related to the Power sale. With the earlier close, we've updated all of our assumptions with respect to net interest savings associated with our planned debt reductions as well as the reduction in share count, we should be able to achieve with our planned share tender. There are no changes to any of our operating assumptions or other below the line items. The additional $0.10 benefit from use of proceeds results in an increase to our adjusted EPS from continuing operations range to $1.85 to $1.95. This represents year-over-year EPS growth of 16% to 23%. Just to reaffirm some of the details of our underlying operating assumptions on Slide 18, again you will see there are no changes with the exception of the two items weve a boxed for you. And just a few final comments before we get to your questions. We are encouraged by our performance year-to-date and feel very confident in our outlook for the second half. Our end markets due remain healthy. Our competitive position is strong and we are well-positioned. As we close an important chapter in the history of Johnson Controls with the Power Solution sale, we're extremely excited to capitalize on the opportunities we have in front of us as one of the industry's leading building solution providers. With that, let me turn it over to our operator to open the line for questions.
Operator:  Thank you. The first question in the queue is from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning and congratulations on closing the deal early.
Brian Stief: Thanks, Nigel.
George Oliver: Good morning, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Good morning, guys. Im not that familiar with the modified Dutch auction process. Maybe just why $4 billion, if you kind of push up to $8 billion, could it not have been up to closer to the $8 billion number. And then, does -- once it's closed, does that in anyway restrict you on further repurchases in the open market, ASRs or deal flow?
Brian Stief: So as it relates to the modified Dutch auction, I mean, the way that process works, that will be launched this week. And as I mentioned, it's got a floor price of 36, and it's got a top end price of 40. And as the book gets built over the next 20 business days or so, we would expect that tender to be completed sometime in early June. As far as the amount of the tender itself, I mean that was -- there's a lot of discussions with our -- among the management team here and outside advisors regarding what the right limit is for going into the market and buying back shares at this time. And I think $4 billion was a number that we all landed on. I would just point out that there's an opportunity for us to upsize that by $500 million should we decide to do that. So right now I think in terms of $4 billion to $4.5 billion, but our initial play is going to be at the $4 billion level and we'll see how demand plays out. And your second part of the question, Nigel? Im sorry it was what?
Nigel Coe: Yes, Brian, so thanks for the detail. Just -- does it in anyway bind you from a time period on further repurchases, so M&A any restrictions following the close of the deal?
Brian Stief: No, not at all. Not at all. There's -- the implications of the tender really provide us more optionality after the tender is complete to decide if we move forward share repurchases what approach we may use.
Nigel Coe: Great. And then just my follow on is, George, here, obviously, youre expressing a high degree of confidence in your end markets and the order flow. Turning to your short cycle businesses within products, I mean, in '15, '16 we did see some pressure from channel from oil and gas pressures in some of the businesses. Have you seen any signs of pressure in some of the shorter cycle businesses?
George Oliver: Not at all, Nigel. If anything, weve seen a very robust market within these businesses. If you look at our -- mainly in our Fire & Security product businesses, we are up low teens and thats across both all three of the key platforms here, fire detection, security as well as in specialty products with our fire suppression business. In addition, thats supported with the field up above mid single digits and that's pretty much broad-based across the globe. So there's really no signs right know on the short cycle metrics that would suggest that there's any significant slowdown here.
Nigel Coe: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Next question is from Gautam Khanna with Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Molinari: Good morning. This is Jeff on for Gautam. Thanks for taking my question here.
George Oliver: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Molinari: So a quick one on the Power proceeds. What's baked into your guide assumption as far as the debt reduction? Is it the $1.5 billion or the $3.4 billion? And also what about -- which -- what repo assumption is baked into that guide, the math like a tender dollar amount for '19?
Brian Stief: Yes. So the debt pay down, so $11.6 billion is net proceeds. Debt pay down is $3.4 billion. The $1.5 billion is actually a tender that's part of the $3.4 billion to buy back that debt. The remaining $1. 9 billion will be taken out over the next several weeks through either normal maturities of debt or commercial paper pay down. So $3.4 billion of debt which will generate $40 million a save this year in annual run rate of a $100 million. As far as the share repurchase, whats baked into the guidance we've given you is $4 billion in a tender that will be taken out by early June. And then the remaining $4.2 billion we had to make some assumptions relative to what we were earning to calculate our guidance based upon. So we've assumed the remaining $4.2 billion for now will be put on our balance sheet in some intro on -- some interest earning investment. And then as we make final decisions on what approach in share repurchase were going to use, we will update the guidance accordingly.
Jeffrey Molinari: Okay. Thats clear. So any -- that would be incremental. And then maybe one on order pipeline, if I may. So you mentioned Q3 orders are tracking mid to high single digits. Can you kind of dissect that a little bit by HVAC product like unitary, applied, resi, kind of which is the strongest or just any color there would be helpful? Thank you.
George Oliver: Yes, when you look at our -- if you just look at what played through in Q2 is that strong product growth and thats been pretty much across the board, double-digit growth in our building management systems. Mid to upper single-digit growth in our HVAC platform, and as we talked about in our specialty products, we had nice double-digit growth. So thats continuing. When you look at our field and our installations as well as service, it's broad-based across all of the domains with the project pipeline thats been building and what weve been able to convert here in the quarter and what we see in the pipeline to convert here in the third and fourth quarter. So it's -- obviously, we are performing very well in HVAC. When you look at our HVAC businesses across the globe, I would say that we are beginning to really accelerate our performance and then with that we're seeing the volumes come through. That is putting a little bit of -- from a mix standpoint at the gross margin level, a little bit of pressure on our business, but overall weve been performing well. So just to sum up, I would say, it's broad based. It's across all domains, across all regions and a nice split between both project based business as well as service business with service grown above 5%.
Operator: Next question is from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
George Oliver: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Good morning. George, you made a comment in your opening remarks about I think operating leverage really picking up or kicking in the higher gear or words to that effect in the back half. I just wondered if you could elaborate on that a little bit more right from our seat, kind of the observed incremental just that the segment levels 28%, which is solid underneath that its actually better, right, with the currency and other noise. But it's not clear to me from the guide that we would observe much more than high 20s, maybe it's 30-ish or so in the back half. But any other color on all those dynamics, the leverage, how price cost is playing through and how to think about how that scales up into the back half will be helpful.
George Oliver: Let me start by saying that when you look at our incremental margins today, Jeff, they were actually in the low 20s and thats before productivity and investments. So when you look at the mix of that, it's really driven by high teens within our field businesses and upper -- mid to upper 20s in our product base businesses. And so on a go forward basis, when we look at what we're doing both from a pricing standpoint and productivity standpoint, we are -- weve a roadmap to get those businesses on the incremental margins to mid 20s. And that's driven by getting our field businesses up to 20% plus in our product base businesses, up to 30% plus over the next couple of years. Now recognize when you look at our price -- pricing activity this year, we made significant progress. Last year we got behind and for the year we were negative. I think it was roughly about $35 million. Now with all of the actions that we took in the second half of last year and then weve continued that this year taken into account not only the inflationary pressures, but also the tariffs, we feel very confident that through the course of the year thats going to continue to accrete margins pretty much across the board and very confident of that. So when you look at the year, we are going to continue to grow kind of mid single digits across the board. That levers nicely. So it's -- when you look at the total year, it's about 30 basis points of leverage. It's about 60 basis points of productivity in synergies that somewhat offset with the reinvestments that we're making, that kind of the business through sales force as well as technology. We do have a little bit of pension headwind and that nets us to being able to achieve about 40 to 60 basis points for the year across all of the businesses.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. Thanks for that additional detail. And then just back to redeployment, as Im sure you know, HVAC consolidation speculation has been ramped for the better part of six months or so. Can you just update us on your view on that? It would seem going ahead with plan A on the tender and the debt reduction would be a fairly clear indication that in the near-term you don't see an opportunity there, but I dont want to put words into your mouth. Just what do you see kind of the optionality moving forward for this pure play building efficiency company that youve created.
George Oliver: Yes. So, I mean, when I look at where we are, it's been as Ive communicated multiple times, we are very much focused on execution. We have an incredible portfolio that has historically underperformed. We are beginning to accelerate our performance, beginning to get more consistent performance, delivering on our commitments and as I said there's tremendous runway here as we continue to improve. And thats been the focus. And so when we announce that we were going to redeploy the proceeds not only in the debt pay down, but also the buybacks it's believing that weve got a lot of opportunity here in front of us. We did announce the $4 billion tender. And as Brian mentioned, we'll see how that plays out and we have every intend here to continue with the plan that we have to buy back up to roughly $8.2 billion in buybacks. Now relative to the industry, certainly a lots of speculation. Im not going to speculate on it. Certainly, when I stepped up to take over, we recognize that the building space is a very attractive end market and we had tremendous opportunity to reinvest and be able to deliver on growth. And thats what were focused on doing. And as youve seen others, theyre doing similar, right? Theyre streamlining their portfolios and positioning to do the same. But at this stage, I think we have a tremendous opportunity with the investments we've made and the continued investments we're making to be able to deliver a strong performance.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Next question is from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Steve Tusa: Hey, good morning.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning, Steve.
George Oliver: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Can you maybe just talk about what you're seeing in China. You put up some pretty good growth there. Obviously, the order slowed a little bit, but maybe just delve into a bit of the dynamics there on HVAC?
George Oliver: Yes, let me start, Steve, by saying it's roughly about 6% of our total revenues and it's broken out into about two thirds in the field and a third in products. And so we were -- this is something were watching closely, because as things with all of the trade discussions and maybe seeing a little bit of the slow down we were concerned for the year. I think through the course of second quarter, we are feeling a little bit better that I think as Brian went through the segment, we are seeing good order growth, good pipeline development. And then from a revenue standpoint, we actually did better than what we originally thought and how we converted revenue in the quarter. And so we still want to make sure that were watching this closely to make sure that with the investments we're making there, that -- theyre going to play out as planned. But at this stage and the other part I notice from a service standpoint not only is it important to get higher market share in the install base, but we've been very much focused on getting the service revenues. And so right now it is ramping up. It's about a third of our revenues in China. We see this as a big opportunity going forward, especially as we -- if we were to get into a down cycle, this would be a very attractive segment for us.
Steve Tusa: Thanks for that. Also just following up on Jeff's question, how do you view the market share dynamics of commercial? I know there is really only three major applied guys -- applied suppliers in the U.S. But obviously applied is kind of a loose term, if you will, it's customized work. I mean, when you kind of look at the market structure, do you look at it as three major players in the U.S and pretty consolidated or do you look at it as there's various verticals within, in which there are kind of a range of solutions that compete in those markets. Does that make -- does that question make any sense whatsoever?
George Oliver: Yes. Let me give it a shot. Let me start with the residential, because I think it builds into the commercial. Residential is a space that were obviously not in the top two or three. And this is based that weve been reinvesting in North America with new product and as well as expanding our distribution and thats playing through pretty nicely. Our residential North America business was up 11% and thats to a tough prior year comp.
Steve Tusa: Right.
George Oliver: And a lot of that not only is the technology and the product, but also of course would be the pricing increases that we've seen here over in the last 12 to 18 months. Now if we talk about commercial, this is where weve been relatively strong and then there are three key players here in this space. Certainly that we had over the last decade had underinvested. Over the last two or three years, weve significantly ramped up that investment. And I believe with the products that you see coming to market now are going to be very well-positioned to be able to gain more of that share. A big focus, our strength here is in national accounts, so there might be some segmentation of the market with how we serve customers. But I think when you look at our commercial HVAC equipment, it's up 13%.
Steve Tusa: Yes, I guess, Im just asking about market structure. I guess a very simple way to ask it a little bit -- put it a little bit more of a finer point. Is it consolidated or am I -- are we looking at it the wrong way? Should it be segmented in a, hey, there are various solutions for these buildings, and so it's not as saturated or consolidated as it would look when we just talk about a chiller, which is basically Carrier, York and Trane, right? Thats kind of what Im asking.
George Oliver: Well, I mean, when you look at the commercial space, what I would say, it's similar. When you look at the landscape within the market, its similar to the applied space we have five or six key players. Now there's differing footprints and different product mixes within that, but there's mainly five or six key players within the commercial space.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Would you consider that that saturated and consolidated or not?
George Oliver: Im not going to -- I mean, at this stage I think Im not going to speculate, Steve, relative to each of the players in the market positions. But what I would say is that we're focused on the investments we're making and making sure that we've got the right footprint in how we go to market to be able gain market share and grow within the key end markets that were serving.
Steve Tusa: Okay, fair enough. Thanks a lot.
George Oliver: All right.
Operator: Next question is from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning, guys.
George Oliver: Good morning, Andy.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz: George, despite the slowing in field order in the quarter, you obviously seemed quite positive about your pipeline. You made a comment in the presentation, I think for the first time around your field backlog that you now have some visibility into fiscal '20? Could you elaborate on what that means? Do you have enough projects now in backlog where you feel that field sales growth has a good chance of continuing to grow in the mid single-digit range in 2020?
George Oliver: Yes, let me start by saying that when we book projects, on the short end, they turn within three to six months or some can be multi-year. Our average project turn is somewhere around depending on the mix, it's typically about a year. So we are now building a pipeline, as I said, weve a very strong pipeline. Pipelines were up high single digits. We continue to add sales force. Now were maintaining our sales cost as a percent of revenue now, because were getting productivity with the sales force that we had added last year. So in line with that, we continue to expand our sales force. We are going after this pipeline, converting the pipeline and what we are turning now, we have some projects that will support the second half, but there is -- a lot of the projects that we are executing today that will set us up with backlog for 2020. And so, thats what gives me confidence that as we continue to execute through 2019 that we will see that -- we will see continued progress here as we are setting up 2020.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Okay, George. At this point though in the year, you would say above the average visibility into the next year versus what you've seen?
George Oliver: Absolutely. I mean, we have -- we are halfway through the year. Like I said and with the pipelines that we have, all of our pipelines attract across the board now. We can see that by segmentation, by region, by install, by service and through our regular reviews, monthly reviews, I'm very encouraged in our ability to be able to continue to support the execution through the second half of 2019, but even more important now, setting up for that continuing in 2020.
Andrew Kaplowitz: And Brian, I just wanted to ask you about cash flow. Obviously, youve kept the guide at 95% conversion. Seasonally, we'd expect a bigger ramp up in the second half of the year. You talked in the past about needing to go after pockets of inventory that you have in your business, maybe standardizing cash collection in some of your smaller markets and collecting more from your JVs. So can you give us the confidence level that you have to get more cash out of your business in these areas, and how important are they to reach the goal for the year?
Brian Stief: I think if you look at last year and the third quarter, our free cash flow, adjusted free cash flow was $0.5 billion. We are expecting about $600 million in Q3 of this year. And then last year Q4 was about $900 million and we're expecting -- I'm rounding number here, $1 billion, $1 billion plus in Q4 of this year. So with those numbers, we deliver the 95% free cash flow. I would tell you from the standpoint of improvements that we are making, if you look at year-over-year trade working capital as a percentage of sales, weve made a 40 basis point improvement in March of last year to March of this year. And I also look at things sequentially and sequentially we've gone from 12.1% at the end of the first quarter to 12% at the end of the second quarter. So, we are seeing improvements in trade working capital as a percentage of sales. Now having said that, if I look at trade working capital globally and where we've made progress with our cash management office over the last 15 months or so, I would tell you that payables, we standardize terms with our vendors. I think we've got things in really good working order in most major locations as it relates to payables. When I look at inventory, I would say there's probably a couple of pockets, one in Japan, one in North America that we need to go to work on. But we are talking huge numbers. It's probably $50 million to $100 million of opportunity. And the area that I think we really can continue to improve on is accounts receivable and we've kind of got all hands on deck on that as we speak and we are going to see that gradually improve and actually that improvement is whats driving some of the year-over-year improvement that we are going to see in the back half of this year versus the back half of last year. And then the last thing I'd say relative to joint venture dividends, we continue to have conversations with our joint venture partners, regarding whether or not we take out current dividends or reinvest those in the business and we will update you as we move through the rest of the year. Most of those conversations take place in the back half of our fiscal year with decisions made at that time. So we are hopeful that over the next several months here, that we can get some positive developments relative to our joint venture dividends as well. But thats all kind of baked into our 95% guidance we provided.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Appreciate all the color. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next question is from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
David Lu: Good morning, everyone. This is David Lu on for Deane. I just have one question. I know you mentioned orders tracking on mid to high-single digits for the third quarter, but did you see any level of pull-in of customer spending from the second half of the year into the first half to get ahead of tariffs or price increases? Any material impact there?
George Oliver: No, I think we saw a normal flow in the quarter and we track these year-on-year, but nothing unusual or significant as far as that.
Antonella Franzen: David, the only thing we talked about last quarter remember is in North America we did see some pull-forward from Q2 to Q1, but nothing from second half into first half.
David Lu: Got it. And then if I can just sneak one more in. Any update on tariff headwinds? I know the list three tariffs kind of stay at the 10% range, but you were projecting for I think 130 to 140 of total headwinds between 2018 and 2019. Could we potentially see some upside from lower cost increases here?
George Oliver: Thats about the range that on a 2-year basis the impact that we are seeing, and as I've said earlier that, we are well positioned from a pricing standpoint to offset those. Certainly, weve been planning our supply chain so that on a go-forward basis, we can mitigate some of that. But our plan right now is we are planning for these tariffs and thats what ultimately is in our guidance.
David Lu: Great. Thank you very much.
George Oliver: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Tim Wojs with Baird. Your line is now open.
Tim Wojs: Hi, everybody. Good morning.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning, Tim.
George Oliver: Good morning, Tim.
Tim Wojs: Just wanted to go back to pricing and just try to -- George, is there a way to kind of frame what pricing in backlog and your orders is right now versus what might be running through the P&L or what that looked like maybe a year-ago?
George Oliver: Yes. So, the easiest way to frame it up is a year-ago pricing on our revenue was -- impacted our revenue by 1% to 2% and then pricing this year is going to be 2% to 3%. And so, think about it as an order of magnitude whats coming through on price. And so that is in our product businesses, it's shorter cycle. So you see the realization quicker. You will see realization on service increases quicker and then the one that's been more of a -- of a cycle time impact is the work we are doing around our installation project-based business.
Tim Wojs: Okay. Okay, great. And then, I think you had mentioned this, but I missed it. On the gross margins is -- I think theyre down slightly year-on-year, year-to-date. Is that really more a function of mix relative to price cost or anything else thats kind of running through there?
George Oliver: Yes, the two areas that weve had the pressure, let me start with APAC. It's been -- mainly weve been foreshadowing that here this year because of what we had in backlog. Thats going to play out in the second half of the year, but with the work we are doing that will begin to improve and we will see that in 2020. The other is the mix of -- when you look at North America -- when you look at the domain together, we are performing in HVAC very well, and at the gross margin level, that's less in Fire & Security. But other than that, we are getting price and margin expansion across all domains and across all regions in the plan as we execute on the second half.
Tim Wojs: Great. Well, good luck on the second half. Thanks.
Antonella Franzen: Thanks.
George Oliver: Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Brian Stief: Good morning.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning, Josh.
George Oliver: Hey, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Weve covered a lot of ground on the quarter, maybe shifting gears thinking about where we are at in the cycle. I think one of your competitors yesterday -- I will put words in their mouth a little bit, it seems like we are in a bit of a golden age for HVAC and kind of building investment in general that between energy, efficiency and greenhouse gas emissions that folks are just spending a lot more and putting a lot more attention on that, which seems to favor the JCI portfolio. Within that, do you feel like you are winning your entitlement or have you seen new entrants or kind of new product lines pop up in the space? First question there.
George Oliver: So, you are absolutely right. The opportunity that we have around sustainability and energy reduction does play to our strengths. I highlighted a couple of examples that weve recently won. We are executing with the University of Hawaii and the other is a new project that is all focused on sustainability and being the smartest building in the Middle East. So the reason why we are well positioned not only do we have leadership HVAC, which as we know is a significant consumption of energy, but that combined with our building management systems and our ability to optimize not only the equipment, but beyond the equipment, the rest -- the use of the building is what ultimately delivers on the vision of our customers. And so what I would tell you is that in our building management systems, we had double-digit growth. I mean we are at low teens in the quarter. And that's the way that we serve the market today. Whats happening is, as we move forward, those capabilities are converging. It's enabling us now to use our digital vault, which is our proprietary cloud-based data solution to be able to deliver on what I would say is entitlement of energy reduction. And so for us, I think in spite of the cycle, thats going to be an attractive space for us and one that we are well positioned.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. So you dont see anything competitively changing or new entrants or anything like that?
George Oliver: No, what I would say is that it's a combination of having leadership product, having technology platforms and then having a footprint in the key markets that you're serving that is close to customers and being able to take their vision with ours and convert it into what the next generation solution is going to be and thats what we are doing.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. And then just to pivot a little bit off of that, how pleased are you today with your mix, George? I think looking at some of the other folks in the HVAC landscape or in the buildings landscape, you do a bit more your own installation and you have kind of a wider range of service from the super high-end stuff to I think the things that would be maybe a bit more locally competitive. Within this kind of new regime for building investment, do you think JCI's organization does too much, too little, the right amount as it pertains to kind of product mix and what that ultimately means for operating leverage?
George Oliver: So let me just simplify it. When you look at the portfolio, we are about -- say about 40% installed, about 35% or 30% service and about 25% product. And what I would tell you is the investments we are making product is to put ourselves in a leadership position across each of the platforms. I think we are making great progress. We are now where we would like to be, but we are on track to the plan that weve got in place with the reinvestments. And if you look at our -- and that is core not only for our direct channel, but also making sure that we leverage all distribution to lead the industry. The second is our field based businesses. Weve got an incredible footprint across the globe and it's not only leveraging the product, but also our technology platforms that enable us to bring compelling solutions that ultimately drives sustainability, energy reduction and ultimately efficiency for the customers that we serve. And while weve done well, especially during the cycle is that weve had significant growth in our installed business, creating that installed base and what Ive been doing here since I've taken over is, put a big focus on service, that are field-based businesses we have significant opportunity to expand our services and how we service that installed base. And so that is an another area that we believe that we can -- there's a lot of room to grow. It's very attractive from a margin standpoint and it's going to be a key contributor to our long-term success.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Great. Thanks. I will leave it there.
Antonella Franzen: Great. Operator, I'd like to turn the call over to George for some closing comments.
George Oliver: So, thanks again all of you for joining our call this morning. As I said earlier, our end markets remain healthy. We are strengthening our competitive position, and I believe we are well positioned not only for the remainder of this year, but setting up 2020. We are very excited now with the sale of Power Solutions to capitalize on the opportunities that we have in front of us and truly position Johnson Controls as the industry's leading building solutions provider. So on that, I look forward to seeing many of you soon, and operator that concludes our call.
Operator: This concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-02-01 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Johnson Controls First Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will turn the call over to Antonella Franzen, Vice President and Chief Investor Relations and Communications Officer.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls first quarter fiscal 2019 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our Web site at johnsoncontrols.com. With me today are Johnson Controls' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of today's call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you review today's press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that we've included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions, and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted EBITA and adjusted EBIT margins exclude restructuring and integration costs as well as other special items. These metrics are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release, and in the appendix to the presentation posted on our Web site. Given the announced sale of our Power Solutions business, the results of Power are reported as discontinued operations. The focus of this call will be on continuing operations. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Johnson Controls ordinary shareholders was $0.12 for the quarter and included a net charge of $0.14 related to special items. These special items primarily relate to integration cost and discrete tax items in the quarter. Adjusting for these special items, non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.26 per share compared to $0.21 in the prior year quarter. Now let me turn the call over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Antonella, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on our call today. What I thought I'd do is start with a brief strategic overview then turn it over to Brian to review the financial results and end with an update on 2019 guidance. As we discussed with you on last quarter's call, 2018 was a year of significant progress for Johnson Controls, having set and achieved several ambitious goals to improve the operational performance with a bottoms-up and top-down approach. This included harmonizing our various legacy policies, establishing better processes around cash generation, better aligning our top executives to driving the fundamentals of our businesses in concluding the strategic review of Power Solutions. Although I said it last quarter, I really can't thank our employees around the globe enough for all of their hard work, extra hours, and in many cases assuming new responsibilities. As we've entered into 2019, our goals are the same, continue to build upon the success in 2018 to further improve the operating fundamentals of our businesses and across all of our key initiatives. We have dedicated teams in place working on the power separation, and I can tell you at this point everything is progressing well, and we are on track to close no later than June 30. We continue to see the return on investment from several years of elevated R&D spend and engineering spend as a percent of sales aimed at refreshing our product portfolio. For those of you who joined us at this year's AHR Expo in Atlanta, I am sure you walked away with a good sense with some of the new products we are bringing to the HVAC and building controls market. New product introductions are continuing to ramp in 2019, and we are well-positioned to continue gaining share across our product categories. We have built a complete global portfolio of proven solutions to help our customers design, build, retrofit, and manage the next generation of safe, smart, and connected buildings. As a global leader in sustainability and energy efficiency, our approach to innovation focuses on enabling our customers and communities to reduce energy consumption, lower operating costs and minimize the environmental footprint of their facilities. We achieved this with tools and technologies that make those facilities smarter by using sensor-based automated monitoring of environment and security systems, as well as data mining and artificial intelligence whether that be the latest release of our Metasys software platform, our smart connected chillers, or our cloud-based digital solutions offerings. We were able to offer compelling value propositions across all of our key verticals. As we continue to drive top line growth, we'll remain focused on improving returns in increasing our operating leverage. We continue to strengthen our processes around large project approvals to ensure we are achieving appropriate margin rates. We have enhanced pricing desks, and have set consistent productivity metrics across sales, service and installation to drive improved performance. Turning to slide four, orders in our field businesses increased 7% organically. And as you can see on the slide, although we are beginning to lap more difficult prior year comparisons our momentum increased sequentially. The increase in orders was driven by mid teens growth in global, commercial HVAC and mid single-digit growth in fire and security, partially offset by a significant decline in our North America solutions business. Brian will provide you with some order details in his segment review, but we continue to see broad-based strength in our order books across all three regions, and across most of our core product platforms. Our backlog ended the quarter at $8.5 billion, up 7% organically versus the prior year, which puts us in a much better position in 2019 with strong visibility to execute on our revenue expectations. Our project pipeline remains robust and we continue to see -- expect continued order momentum across our end markets over the course of the year. Taking into consideration the increasingly difficult comps as we move throughout the year, we expect continued strong order growth in the mid to high single-digit range. Before I move to the summary of our first-quarter results, just a quick comment on the macro environment, as evidenced by the continued strength in our orders in revenue, our end markets remained healthy. Generally speaking, we are not seeing a notable slowdown in any of our internal leading indicators as our short cycle book-to-bill trends, service growth in both small and large project bookings remain robust. We continue to monitor global economic conditions. And although it seems clear that GDP growth rates in some key regions are beginning to moderate to some degree, we feel good about our position. We have made the right technology investments and have expanded our sale force as well as distribution footprint. We have been expanding capabilities in our service business which is over $6 billion in annual revenue with roughly two-thirds recurring in nature. In addition to leveraging our industry-leading installed base, we have developing new technologies enabling us to create new value propositions for our customers. We are focused on execution and are continuing to take our cost and drive productivity. Turning now to slide five, let me recap the financial results for the quarter. Sales of $5.5 billion increased 6% on an organic basis led by 7% growth in products and 5% growth in the field businesses. Adjusted EBIT of $400 million grew 10% on a reported basis and 15% on an organic basis despite the anticipated pressure in our Asia-Pac business and the carryover impact of sales capacity investments driven by solid growth in segment profit as well as lower corporate expense. Overall, underlying EBIT margins expanded 60 basis points year-over-year excluding the impact of FX and M&A. Adjusted EPS of $0.26 increased 24% over the prior year driven by solid top line performance and a modest benefit from below the line items. Adjusted free cash was an outflow in the quarter of approximately $200 million better than the historical use of cash in Q1. The cash management office continues to execute well driving improvements across our cash fundamentals. With that, I will turn it over to Brian to discuss our performance in more detail.
Brian Stief: Thanks, George, and good morning everyone. So, let's start on slide six and take a quick look at the year-over-year EPS bridge. As you can see, segment operating performance stand at $0.08 versus the prior year quarter. This was partially offset by $0.02 of continued product and channel investments and the carryover run-rate impact our fiscal '18 sales force investment. I would also note that net financing charges provided a $0.02 benefit primarily driven by favorable interest rates and some FX gains. This was more than offset by a slightly higher year-over-year tax rate and some pension amortization and FX headwinds. So let's move to slide seven. Buildings on a consolidated basis had total sales of $5.5 billion, which was up 6% organically. This was led by strength in products of 7% and field businesses which were 5% driven by continued strength in both service and project installation activity which grew 6% and 4% respectively. Segment EBITDA of $590 million grew 9% organically driven by strong growth in both our field and shorter cycle products businesses despite some continued high investment levels. I would note that fiscal Q1 is typically our lowest quarter from a volume leverage standpoint given the seasonally lower revenues in our buildings business. Our segment EBITDA margin expanded 30 basis points on a reported basis to 10.8%. And as you can see in a vertical chart, this includes 90 basis points of underlying operational improvement partially offset by continued product investment as well the run-rate sale force investments and indirect channel cost expansion cost. Now, let's review each segment within buildings. Starting with North America on slide eight, you can see that sales grew 6% organically to $2.1 billion with install activity up 6% and service up 5%. We saw another quarter of strong performance in our applied, HVAC and Controls platforms which grew in aggregate mid-single digits organically led by 5% growth in core applied, HVAC equipment installation and service. We also saw fire security grow mid-single digits led by high single digit growth and fire and our solutions business, which was up 30% and quarter and I just find out as you know that the Solutions business can be quite choppy on both in order intake and revenue standpoint quarter-to-quarter. Adjusted EBITDA of $253 million grew 8% on a organic basis. North America EBIT margin expanded 30 basis points to 12% as we saw the benefits of volume leverage and synergy and productivity save partially offset by the year-over-year impact of our run rate sales force investments and unfavorable mix as install revenue growth outpaced service growth in the quarter, margin was also impacted by mix within the individual platforms. Orders in North America increased 5% organically driven by applied HVAC orders of mid-teens. We do thank this benefit is partly from some equipment pull-forward ahead of prices and fire security was up mid-single digits including strength and project installation and service. This growth was partially offset by a significant decline in large orders and solutions, which as I mentioned earlier, can be quite choppy. Backlog of $5.4 billion increased 4% year-over-year. Now let's move to EMEA/LA on slide nine. There we saw sales of $907 million, which grew 4% organically with continued strength and service partially offset by a modest decline in project installations. Growth was positive in most regions and across most lines of business. Europe grow mid-single digits led by continued recovery in IR and HVAC, which combined a roughly one-third of the revenues for the segment. Orders in Europe increased 10% organically led by strong demand and IR security and HVAC. In the Middle East, we saw revenue decline low double-digits as continued growth and service activity was more than offset by softness, we're seeing in HVAC project installations but this was also driven by a tough compared with the prior year, which was up strong double-digits. Latin America revenues increased mid-single digits led by strengthen our security long-term position business and solid growth in IR on fire suppression. Adjusted EBITDA of $77 million increased a strong 17% organically and our EBIT margins expanded 70 basis points to 8.5% and this includes 30 basis points headwinds from FX. The underlying margin increased 100 basis points as favorable volume and mix and productivity and synergy save more than offset the run rate impact is other sales force investments in '18. Orders in EMEA/LA increased 9% led by solid growth in Europe and Latin America across both service and installation. In the Middle East, orders decline low double-digits again driven by a top compare with the prior year. Overall backlog ended at $1.6 billion up 15% organically. So let's move date back on slide 10, sales of $613 million gross 6% organically driven by an acceleration and project installations, which grew 8% in the quarter growth and install was led by HVAC and Investor Relations. Adjusted $66 million declined 9% on an organic basis. And as expected EBITDA margin declined 160 basis points to 10.8% as the benefit of the favorable volume was more than offset by the higher install mix, run rate, sales force investments and the as expected competitive pressures in China. Asia-Pac orders increased a strong 9% in the quarter driven primarily by service and we are beginning to see some improvement in year-over-year secured margins, particularly in service, which should benefit the latter half of this year. Overall backlog increased 12% to $1.5 billion. Turning to global products in slide 11, sales increased 7% organically and this was on top of a mid-single digit growth last year. Sales totaled $1.8 billion in the quarter. Buildings Management Systems grew low double-digits with strength across all three of our platforms control security and fire detection. Sales across our HVAC and IR equipment businesses grew high single-digits collectively and global residential HVAC, which is you know include sales to our consolidated Hitachi JVs in Japan and Taiwan grew mid-single digits in the quarter. North American revenue HVAC grew high single-digits benefiting from favor or weather trends and strong price realization. And our global light commercial HVAC grew mid-teens in the quarter with North America up low-teens. IR equipment revenues declined low double-digits in the quarter due to a very difficult prior year compare, which was up a strong double-digits. Our applied HVAC equipment business grew high-teens reflecting strength in our indirect channels in both North America and Asia. We saw specially products grow mid-single digits on strong demand for fire suppression products. And this was broad-based across all regions, particularly in a APAC. Segment EBITDA of $194 million was up 15% organically and the margin expand 60 basis points driven by higher volume leverage and mix, positive freight costs in the quarter, and the benefit of cost synergies and productivity save partially offset by our continued product and channel investments. So let's move to corporate on slide 12, corporate expense with down 11%, the $93 million as we continue to see the benefits of our cost reduction initiatives. For the full-year on a continuing ops basis, we expect corporate expense in the range of $380 million to $395 million. This does not include any take out like the Power Solutions divestiture, which will begin post transaction close. As a reminder, overtime we expect to reduce corporate expense by about $50 million. Moving to cash flow on slide 13, as George mentioned, reported cash flow was an outflow in the quarter, slightly above $200 million. If you exclude a little less than a $100 million of integration and transaction costs, adjusted free cash flow in the quarter was an outflow of a couple $100 million. And as you know, our first fiscal quarter is typically a cash outflow, but we will place with the continued year-over-year improvement we're seeing in the cadence of our cash generation. For fiscal '19, we expect adjusted free cash flow conversion of approximately 95%. As I mentioned on the Q4 call, this excludes special cash outflows of $300 million to $400 million related to some special integration costs, and a $600 million tax refund that we expect either in Q4 or in early fiscal '20. Moving to the balance sheet on slide 14, you can see that our gross and net debt increase to $1 billion sequentially as planned, which reflects a higher CP balance to support a Q1 trade working capital needs as well as a more aggressive share buyback program that we implemented. Assuming a June 30 close for Power Solutions, we expect to pay between $3 billion and $3.5 billion of its outstanding debt in Q4 with a portion of the net proceeds. This will result in a reduction of financing costs of about $25 million or $0.02 in the fourth quarter which is included in the full-year guidance that George will provide. Our net debt to cap increased to 36.6% from 33.7% in Q4, related primarily to the share repurchases as well as a reduction in equity related to a Q1 adoption of a new income tax accounting standards. Given our current stock price, we are being very aggressive with our buyback program. We made significant progress toward our full-year share repurchase target of a $1 billion, which will be completed before the closing of the Power Solutions transaction. In Q1, we were purchased just over $14 million shares to approximately $465 million. I would also note that we expect to utilize a portion of the power sale proceeds later in the year to purchase additional shares, which is expected to contribute about $0.03 in incremental earnings for the year. Given our planned share, we post strategy for fiscal '19. We now expect our diluted weighted average shares to be approximately $905 million for the year. Finally, let me touch on a couple other items on slide 15, before I turn it back over to George for fiscal '19 guidance. First based upon some additional tax planning that's been done in part related to the pending sales, Power Solutions, we now expect our effective tax rates and continuing ops in fiscal '19 to be approximately 13.5%. As Antonella mentioned, the results of Power Solutions are now reported as discontinued operations and all historical financial information is presented in the comparable basis. We are well underway with the separation activities and expect the sale to close no later than June 30, and also mentioned the Power Solution shut adjusted free cash flow in the quarter of about $100 million, which is right in line with expectations. And lastly, all the guidance that we provide will be on a continuing ops basis. And we have provided normalized financials in the appendix for competitive purposes, so you can update your models. And with that, I'll turn it back over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Brian. Before we open up the line for questions, I want to provide you with our outlook for 2019 continuing operations. Let's start by walking through the year-over-year impact of the significant items embedded in our 2019 guidance on slide 16. As I mentioned on the fourth quarter call, we expect mid-single digit organic growth and buildings, which will drive approximately $0.20 of earnings. We expect this growth to be primarily driven by improved volumes and price. We will also have the continued benefits of synergies and productivity savings in buildings in corporate, which we will realize over the course of the year they will contribute an additional $0.19 cents of earnings. Additionally, as Brian discussed the benefit in fiscal 2019 related to the deployment of a portion of the Power Solution sale proceeds is expected to add about $0.05 of earnings. The carryover impact of the sales force investments as well as a few cents of incremental investments in our product businesses are expected to total about $0.07. As you are all aware, the U.S. dollar has continued to strengthen. Based on quarter end rates, we expect this to result in a $0.06 foreign currency headwind year-over-year. Lastly, as you can see, there are various other items, which led to a $0.10 headwind with the most notable being a $0.03 headwind from tax and a $0.02 headwind from both pensions and amortization. All these factors contributed to our fiscal 2019 EPS guidance range before special items of a $1.75 to a $1.85. This represents growth in the range of 10% to 16%. The full detail of our guidance is included on slide 17. Lastly, as a significant portion of the benefit related to the deployment of the Power Solution sale proceeds will benefit fiscal 2020, I wanted to provide a framework for how our earnings are expected to progress as we move forward. As you can see, on slide 18, the incremental benefit of proceeds deployed in 2019, additional share repurchase in 2020 and a reduction in corporate costs is expected to contribute an incremental $0.50 to $0.60 of earnings, which takes our fiscal 2020 EPS in the range of $2.25 to $2.45. This would be prior to any operational growth or benefits from additional capital deployments. Recognizing that we will not receive the full benefit of our reduce share account in fiscal 2020 there will be an incremental benefit of $0.10 to $0.20 in fiscal 2021. Over the last two years, we've been merging two businesses into one and have made a significant amount of progress. During that time, we have reinvested heavily back into the businesses. Now, it's about capitalizing on those investments with how we are going to market. We have been building backlog, which provides us visibility in our field businesses. We've been strengthening our service business, which tend to be more resilient and our short cycle products business is seeing good growth across all three platforms. We are watching closely what is happening economically around the globe and our focuses on execution, and delivering for our customers. We feel good about our position in a very attractive market, and we expect to grow our underlying operations at or above the market for industrial peers as we look ahead. With that, let me turn it over to our operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question in the queue is from Gautam Khanna from Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Gautam Khanna: Yes, thanks, good morning, and I appreciate the detail.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning, Gautam.
Brian Stief: Good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna: I was wondering if, George, if you could just maybe directly address the capital allocation with the proceeds of the Power Solutions bin -- just to be clear, we should expect or we should model in that besides the $3 million to $3.5 million of debt repayment, it's all going to be directed at share repurchase, is that a fair conclusion?
George Oliver: That is correct. As I said, we're very much focused on executing on the strategy, delivering on the growth, delivering the operational performance, and ultimately delivering results, and our plan today is to take the proceeds from the Power Solutions sales, and as we have said, deploy those as quickly and as efficiently as we can as we -- once we complete the transactions.
Gautam Khanna: Got it, that's very helpful. And just in terms of M&A appetite, I mean, do you guys have really any interest in North American resi HVAC as an area of acquisition growth?
George Oliver: Well, Gautam, as you know we've been investing heavily back into our products over the last three or four years. We feel very good about our portfolio and the progress we've made and -- with the new products we bring into market, although we are not a leader in that space today, we feel very good about the progress we're making with the share gains that we're making and how we're positioned for the future. So at this stage, we're continuing to focusing on executing on the investments we've made and ultimately delivering the results.
Gautam Khanna: Thanks a lot, guys, appreciate it.
George Oliver: Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open. The next question is from Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thanks. I was speechless by that last question.
George Oliver: Good morning, Jeff.
Brian Stief: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Good morning. Hey, just a couple of things from me. First, Brian, as you may know, there's a lot of noise out there in kind of tax right now with this deductibility issue creating some uncertainty. You know, I assume your guide encapsulates all that, but can you give us a little bit of a update on what change to get you to this lower tax rate in '19 than you were previously thinking, and is there any upward risk to that rate if some of these tax law changes take full effect?
Brian Stief: Yes, so I would say that a reduction in the rate, Jeff, to 13.5% was just a function of a lot of planning that was done in contemplation of the Power Solutions sale. You know, we had guided a year or so ago that with -- tax reform is going to impact us by about 2% to 4% prior to any tax planning. And I think our tax team has done a great job of minimizing the impact of tax reforms on our rate and so that 13.5% we're really comfortable with for fiscal '19. As it relates to these proposed reqs that are out that I think you're referring to because we're a fiscal year company, Jeff, that doesn't impact us until 10/01/19, which is our fiscal '20 and at this point in time given the tax structure and footprint that we've got in place, we don't expect a significant impact in 2020 from those proposed reqs.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great, thanks for that. And then George, maybe just on kind of the overall price execution, maybe a little bit of an update on what you're actually seeing on price realization and kind of how your price cost dynamics play out in 2019 and how that plays into your margin outlook?
George Oliver: Sure. As you know in 2018, we made a lot of progress, we started off with a lot of headwinds and through the course of the year executed extremely well, executing on price. And as we planned for 2019, we not only took into account all of the inflationary pressures on the commodities, but also the impact that we're going to see from tariffs, and so we feel very good about the progress we've made and what we continue to make that we've got not only the inflationary pressures, but the tariffs fully covered in our plan. I would suggest at this stage, we'll see -- of the margin improvement, there's probably 10 to 20 basis points of margin improvement that's attributed to price. And I would tell you across the board, cross all of our products as well as across all of our regions we're now seeing margin accretion as a result of the strategy, the pricing strategy that we've deployed.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Andrew Kaplowitz from Citi. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, guys. It's [indiscernible] speaking on for Andy.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: So, your global products business has been quite strong with the high single digits for over a year now, I think, organic growth. Can you talk about your confidence in sustaining that elevated growth and if there's any way to think about sort of how much of it is market driven versus outcomes of everything you've been doing on your product investment?
George Oliver: Now as you know, we've been investing extremely heavily, reinvesting over the last three or four years across each one of the product platforms in what I would say is across the board we are gaining share with the investments we've made, with the new products we're bringing to the market. Brian went through the details here, but if you look at our building management solutions, a combination of all of our digital businesses, we're growing low double-digits and that's a result of the reinvestments we're not only making in our Metasys building controls, but all of the other electronic platforms that now are going to be integrated within our Metasys platform. And so we feel really good about the position that we have in that space. If you look at the other segments in the HVAC space, you know, residential, we're seeing a nice growth across the globe, and that's a combination of what we're doing in North America as well as within our Hitachi JV. In North America, we are seeing -- I think if you look at the last year, over the last year we've had very strong double-digit growth and as we see ourselves going forward, we see that continuing. So the investments we're making there have been very, very strong. The other is in the light commercial. We're seeing very nice growth in the quarter in our light commercial business globally. That again is double digits. And then when you look at our applied business with the investments we've made not only in our chillers, but in our air handling equipment, and the deployment of that in new projects, we're seeing very nice pickup in share gain, pretty much across the globe. And so I think it's a factor of both the space -- the HVAC space is continuing to expand and with the investments that we had been making and executing on, it's given us an opportunity that within that expansion, we're enabling ourselves to be able to gain share.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That's really helpful. And then just as a follow-up, it seems like your applied business has continued to accelerate and I know you mentioned some potential equipment pull forward here at of pricing, but are you also seeing U.S. institutional markets accelerating and how much contribution are you getting from new products like your new chiller that you rolled out?
George Oliver: Yes, so as we look at this space, we do see the institutional vertical is coming back pretty strong, and as you know that we have a very strong position in that, you know, if you look at our North America applied business, when you look at our orders, our orders are up mid-teens, and as I said earlier, a very strong sudden push [ph], and I think that again is because of the verticals we support, the investments we're making in the new products, and then our go-to-market in making sure that we're getting more than our fair share as we execute on the pipeline. Our pipeline right now is up double digits across the globe, and so as you look at our orders globally, we achieved 7% with a backlog up about the same, and with the confidence that I have in the pipeline and the way that we've been converting on that pipeline over the last three or four quarters gives me confidence that we're going to be well-positioned here to deliver on 2019 and beyond.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks guys.
Operator: Next question is from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Nigel Coe: Hello. Can you hear me?
Antonella Franzen: Yes, we can hear you.
George Oliver: Good morning, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Thank God, I mean, just to make clear [indiscernible] music. So that's got to be very clear.
George Oliver: We enjoyed the music, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Thanks for the second part of the apple here. So just to just be very clear, George, you're encouraged not to bake in all the proceeds $8 billion or whatever it is from the disposable x debt reduction into share repurchases as of 4Q, 1Q next year, is that the message?
George Oliver: That is correct.
Nigel Coe: Okay, that's pretty clear. Can we just turn to -- I got two quick questions, one do you have a handle on the free cash flow profiles to new JCI? Obviously, the old JCI has a very backend loaded free cash generation. How does the new JCI look? Obviously, you had a negative in 1Q, which I think was expected but how does that then progress through 2Q and into second-half of the year?
George Oliver: Yes, I think it's going to be consistent and we will continue to be backend loaded. I mean, if you look at our building's profitability it's in the back half of the year. So I think you can look at this and assume it's going to be pretty consistent with what we've seen historically. First quarter is a cash outflow. We get most of that back plus or minus breakeven, maybe a little positive year-to-date in Q2 and then it will be the back half what we delivered, the majority of the cash to get us to the 95%, but all thanks for tracking for that right now. We're pretty pleased with how it came out first quarter.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then, turn to China and the competitive nature of that market you pulled out, what specifically you have seen the competition, is it foreign securities, that's HVAC commercial versus residential, it sounds like it's commercial, and you've seen it mainly from local players, or MNCs and any color there will be helpful?
George Oliver: Yes. so I mean, we're making good progress in China when you look at our revenue or up low double-digits pretty much led by HVAC and refrigeration, so we're seeing good execution there, most of our footprint there is in the commercial space, very strong in the applied HVAC, we've got a tremendous position as well as we're position locally with our supply chain, with a very one of our -- let's say highest performing plants and so we're positioned well within that market our orders. When you look at our orders is up almost double-digits and in addition Nigel to making sure that we're building the install base we've been accelerating our service growth and so we're seeing orders in our services now up kind of 20 plus percent in that space. And so, not only are we continuing to expand our install base, but on top of that, being able to execute now in the service opportunities. So when we talk about margins, we did as we look at the overall region is mainly driven by the mix of install, and then the mix of the China growth relative to the overall APAC region. We are beginning to execute and accelerate service growth, which will help mitigate some of that that acceleration of install. But I feel confident that the fundamentals were ultimately driving, how we're going to be positioned for the rest of the year. We'll see continued improvement there.
Nigel Coe: Okay. George you are really the best. Thanks very much.
Antonella Franzen: Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: I wish I had that fancy theme music
Antonella Franzen: Are you in-charge?
Steve Tusa: Yes. That's good marketing by Nigel.
George Oliver: Good morning Steve.
Steve Tusa: Good morning. The just kind of the -- I know you guys have a lot of different businesses in there. But residential HVAC pricing is obviously been very strong, can you maybe dig into what you're seeing from a price perspective on the kind of core applied side and what you expect to kind of put through for 2019 calendar in the various regions?
George Oliver: Yes, so across the board, we -- as we get into this starting out last year with my transition, we got deep into each one of the segments not only the product segments, but regionally and went about making sure across the board we had good understanding of the cost structure and the inflationary pressures coming through as well as what we could expect from a tariff standpoint. And so, Steve across the board we've been executing strong pricing in every one of our categories, every one of our regions. Now what I would tell you is that when you look at our growth last year I believe we suggest you it's about 1% or 2% of our growth, given the progress we made across the board that's going to be elevated here in 2019 additional, percentage of our growth and I think given the work we've done, you could see similar type improvements across the other product segments as you're seeing within our residential business.
Steve Tusa: Got it. Okay. And are you seeing any pockets of competitive behavior from your domestic competitors? I know, carriers trying to come out with the new products and it doesn't seem like train is mucking it up. So any anything out of your kind of a domestic kind of North American competitors, you're seeing anybody get aggressive to get new products into the channel?
George Oliver: I mean, I think across the board, there's some, you could go through each one of our competitors and the new products coming to market. I think you would have seen it at AHRI this year that's pretty much across the board. We've been focusing on how do we create value in each one of the segments for our customers? What's, from a technology standpoint, what is going to differentiate us from the competitors, I think we're executing well, and as a result of that, when we bring these new products to the market, there's a much higher value proposition that we make to our customers, which allows us to be able to get additional price. And so, I think you would have seen that there are some other new products coming in the market. I will tell you my assessment, given the investments we're making, I feel very confident with what we're doing and how it compares to our competitors and truly believe that as we continue to move forward with these product introductions, we're going to continue to gain share.
Steve Tusa: Yes, clearly a great presence at AHRI and good nice espresso bar upstairs as well. I appreciate that late in the afternoon. One last question for you, just on kind of seasonality and anything unusual, seasonally here as you move into the second quarter, and how that should behave financially, anything moving around?
George Oliver: No, I mean, what I would say Steve is when you look at the total year. I mean, when you separate Power Solutions, the remaining company we are typically now historically been 30% for staff 70% back half. Obviously, we are off to a nice start here in 2019. I see that continuing. And so, when you look at our performance, we're going to continue to drive strong order growth, we're going to continue to convert revenue, kind of mid-single digit based on the backlog we see and how that's going to flow and then we'll continue to deliver a very strong cash flow, as we continue to execute to the year, so I don't see anything significantly different than what historically we've done.
Steve Tusa: Okay, great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Next question is from Tim Wojs with Baird. Your line is open.
Tim Wojs: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
George Oliver: Good Morning.
Tim Wojs: Maybe just on the building's margins, how much of a kind of the sequential improvement that's implied for the rest of the year? Is really Asia kind of getting back to EIBT margin expansion versus, extra synergy realization or some of the investments?
George Oliver: Yes. When you look at the underlying margins that we're projecting for buildings here in 2019, it's -- was the overall it's going to be 40 to 60 basis points. And that's being driven by strong -- the pickup that we get on the volume in the mix, the strong productivity, synergies productivity that we're delivering, and that's being then offset by this is a few headwinds which we talked about which was we still have the run rate of our sales investments from 2018 coming through the first-half of this year, and that's roughly about 30 -- about 30 basis points. And then, the other as we do have as Brian talked about some pension headwind as well as equity income that year-on-year is a little bit of a pressure, but operationally with what's coming through not only the growth what's coming through on price is ultimately is what's delivering on that 40 to 60 basis points. That's pretty broad base across each of the businesses. You know, what I would say in APAC, we had said we're going to have pressure in APAC given what we had in backlog that was going to convert the first part of this year, I would tell you that we are executing on the fundamentals, we are improving those fundamentals, we are growing the service business which is higher margin and the combination is what's going to be able to flow through the year and be able to contribute to that 40 to 60 basis points of improvement.
Tim Wojs: Okay, so it sounds like that 30 basis point headwind on investments that should taper as you go through the year?
George Oliver: That is correct.
Tim Wojs: Okay, great. And then just on free cash flow, I know the gap is closer now. It's 95% plus ex-power. What do you guys need to do internally to maybe get that in line with better than earnings? Are there any big buckets that you can tap to, to improve that metric? Thanks.
Brian Stief: Yes. I mean we have made good progress I guess just to comment on trade capital, I mean our DPO year-over-year has improved by six days. Our DSOs improved by a couple days. We are flattish relative to inventory. So if there was an area that I think we need to go to work on a bit more inventory is probably an area that we are going to be spending some more time on in fiscal '19. When you actually look at trade working capital as a percentage of sales, December 31 last year versus December 31 this year, we are actually improved by 130 basis points which is giving some of the basis for why we are moving to a 95% plus free cash flow number here. But I think we are making progress. There are certainly areas that we continue to look at across the globe. I mean we looked at our larger markets first. So I just expect gradual improvement as we move into 2020.
Operator: Next question in the queue is from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning guys.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: George, just wanted to follow-up on your comment on some of the unitary businesses and the share gains, the investment. I guess the piece that it's harder for us to see is on the distribution side and getting these products out to market. I think historically that's been one of the challenges for anyone trying to gain share. With all the new products, are you finding the ability to kind of add store fronts or add distribution points within in resi and commercial unitary?
George Oliver: Absolutely. As you look at all of the regions certainly we tailor our strategy depending on the region and where we have a strong position, where we have weak positions. We are not only putting our own distribution in place, but also other distributors that we are working with to expand our presence within the each of the key markets that is absolutely tied to reinvestments that we are making within the new products to assure that as we are reinvesting, we are positioned from a go-to market to be able to return to get the returns on that investment. So absolutely, and I think when you look at our relative performance over last year, we have been able to do what we have said relative to continuing to launch new product, expand distribution, and grow at or above the market rate.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it, that's helpful. And then just taking a step back on margins and operating leverage at large. We are kind of halfway through the synergy calendar at this point. I guess looking at incremental margins here understanding you can get a little tailwind from price that investment is a drag but obviously something that needs be done. How should we think about structural incremental margins here? Because it seems like some of the synergy upside you are deploying back into business and there is only another year left after '19. Is the underlying incremental margin in the business still around 20% or how should we think about that shift over time?
George Oliver: Yes, so I'd frame in up, if you start 2018, our incremental margins as you suggested in the low 20s. When you look at and a lot of that was driven because we had reinvestment in sales in the sales force ahead of our growth. And we've had historically over the last three or four years, the reinvestments in our product and technology was ahead of our growth. What you see happening in 2019 now that begins -- that reinvestment now begins to level out as a percent of revenue. And so our field businesses should be -- on a go forward basis should be in high teens to low 20s recognizing that that business is very much driven by variable labor. And in the products businesses now with the investments that we have made and the growth that we are achieving should now become more like mid to upper 20s. And so, I think as we get through the year as we lap some of these headwinds that we had in the first half with the year-on-year compares, we are going to start to see some nice leverage going forward. So I would target incremental is to be over the next couple of years kind of mid to -- kind of mid 20s plus over the next couple of years.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Inclusive of synergies?
George Oliver: That's correct.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Appreciate the color. Thanks, George.
Operator: Next question is from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Noah Kaye: Hi, thanks for taking the question and great to see the continued solid execution. And George, I think I would like to return to the capital allocation question for a minute. You were very clear this morning that the power proceeds will go towards debt pay down and share repurchases. And I guess my question is given that the new JCI is really about smart, safe, efficient, sustainable buildings, how are you thinking about opportunities for additions or adjacencies whether it's HVAC as someone mentioned earlier or lighting? And why wouldn't you be looking to augment the portfolio at this point if it's sort of where you think the cycle is, is it evaluation? Help us understand that.
George Oliver: Yes. I mean we are always looking at the portfolio to make sure that from an organic standpoint we are making the right investments for getting the intended returns on those investments. And what I would say is that we feel really good about the progress we made with our organic investments. And that being said, as we look at the trends, customer trends and industry trends, we are also making sure that we look forward we are making or comparing our organic investments against what can be done from an acquisition or investment standpoint. And so what I would tell you is that as we look at our position, we feel really good about our position with the work that we have done here over the last couple of years. Now we are always looking at to make sure that as we look at the ability to be able to create value, I will tell you we are always looking to make sure that we are standing on offense and understanding the trends and what we are going to do to be positioned to be able to achieve those trends. So, at this stage given where we are, given the progress we have made with reinvestments, given the success we have had with our sales force, we are focused on executing and being able to deliver on the commitments we have made in delivering strong results.
Noah Kaye: Got it. Appreciate it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Next question is from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray: Hey, just want to go back to slide 18, just to make sure I understand that footnote and maybe it's earnings fatigue, and you have already mentioned it, but what's the -- when you say that the $0.10 to $0.20 benefit is excluded that's coming in fiscal '21. Could you remind us what that piece is?
Brian Stief: Yes. So if you look at the overall $0.75 that we have kind of talked about historically, there was a nickel of that that's in '19 that we talked about for '19 guidance. So then we were saying that was the midpoint of $0.55 in fiscal '20. And then there is midpoint $0.15 in 2021. That's how you get to that full $0.75 we have talked about historically. And the reason there is $0.15 still coming in 2021 is because no matter what share repurchase approach we use, we aren't going to get the full benefit likely in fiscal '20. And so, there will be a carryon effect in 2021 from an EPS standpoint that will get that's really a byproduct of the whatever repurchase program approach we use whether it's open market purchases, whether it's ASR, or whether it's some form of a general combination of those. But the way we have model it now, there is $01.5 more than would come in 2021 to get us to full $0.75.
Deane Dray: Right. That was a great explanation. Thank you. And then for George, couple of times you have mentioned the service opportunity. And I heard you say that today service is two-thirds recurring. And what's the right mix? Or, what's the right ratio there in terms of optimizing the service offering from a margin standpoint?
George Oliver: Yes. So, Deane, we made strategic -- we have made service growth one of our strategic imperatives when I took over. And it's an incredible business. Like I said, it's over $6 billion globally. And traditionally, it's been more of the maintenance and repair of the installed base, getting some recurrent revenue through PSAs, doing some monitoring in the -- within the Fire & Security businesses. And what I would say is we have been incredible opportunity to takeover we have done today in the 60% to 65% is mainly contracts that get renewed for that type of work, and what we are doing today is above and beyond that we are deploying now new solutions utilizing the data, using AI, and now it enables us to be able to optimize not only the maintenance of those -- that equipment, but also beyond what we historically have done to be able to create new value propositions through new business models and leveraging technology. So, I'm pretty excited about the progress we have made, recognize that we started at a standstill in 2017, our service growth was, I think 1% in 2017, through the course of 2018, we ramped from 3% to 4% to 5% to 6%, and then again in the first quarter here, we are all pretty strong with 6% growth. And so, it's a combination of not only getting a higher percentage of the traditional work that we get on the install-base we create, but it's also creating new business that we deploy on top of that install-base, which is more wide space for us, which is a significant opportunity for us to be able to contribute to the growth.
Deane Dray: Terrific. George, just lastly, any encouraging words for the Patriots on Sunday?
George Oliver: No comments.
Deane Dray: Come on. A guy from Worcester you think would be
George Oliver: No, go past, I guess.
Deane Dray: Okay, thank you. I got what I was looking for.
Antonella Franzen: Operator, I would like to turn the call over to George for some closing comments.
George Oliver: All right, thanks again everyone for joining our call this morning. As you have seen, we have made a tremendous amount of progress in 2018, and I think most important now is that we are building on that momentum in 2019, and certainly look forward to engaging many of you here over the next few weeks. Operator, that concludes our call.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-11-08 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Johnson Controls Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will turn the call over to Antonella Franzen, Vice President and Chief Investor Relations and Communications Officer.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls fourth quarter fiscal 2018 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. With me today are Johnson Controls Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of todays call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you review todays press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that weve included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions, and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted EBITA and adjusted EBIT margins exclude restructuring and integration costs as well as other special items. These metrics are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release, and in the appendix to the presentation posted on our website. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Johnson Controls ordinary shareholders was $0.83 for the quarter and included a net charge of $0.10 related to special items. These special items primarily relate to restructuring and integration cost in the quarter. Adjusting for these special items, non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.93 per share compared to $0.87 in the prior year quarter. Now let me turn the call over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Antonella and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Lets get started with a high level review of what we have accomplished over the last 12 months starting on Slide 3. 2018 was a year of significant progress for Johnson Controls. We executed on our commitments and exited the year with strong momentum. We made significant strides on all of our target metrics and key initiatives. And I will touch on a few of those in just a minute. We executed a disciplined approach to capital allocation, have been paid down nearly $2.6 billion in debt and returning excess cash to shareholders, including $300 million in share repurchases and almost $1 billion in dividends. We established the cash management office and challenge the team to drive operational improvements by establishing sound fundamental processes and metrics across the organization, which resulted in a 30% increase in cash from operations year-over-year and improved free cash flow conversion to 88%. We changed our annual and long-term compensation incentives to better align with shareholder priorities. And lastly, we have made significant progress over the past several months related to the strategic review of Power Solutions. We have assessed multiple options and are now in the final stages of that review as we weigh all possibilities before reaching a final decision. We will provide an update when complete. While I am very proud of what the team accomplished this year there is still a lot of opportunity ahead of us. And we are taking action to make sure we capture it. Turning now to our scorecard on Slide 4. In the interest of time, I wont spend a lot of time on each item listed here on the slide, but these were eight major commitments that we made to you at the start of the year and how we performed against each of those. Contributing to our successes here is our effort to better align senior leadership with driving execution and creating a performance culture. Over the course of the year, we focused on setting more grounded expectations with increased transparency and increased accountability. Just to touch on a few of these themes, you will notice the top floor all pertain to improving the organic growth trajectory within buildings. In 2018, we delivered 5% organic growth in aggregate across our Buildings platforms, which compares to our original guidance of up low single digits. One of the major drivers of the upside was improved execution in our service businesses across all of our regions, which is the result of the work we began in 2017 to expand our commercial capabilities, strengthened operations and increase our service technician capacity. Service revenues grew 4% for the full year, and we exited with Q4 growth of 6% with momentum continuing into next year. We set an exceeded an aggressive target to increase our global sales capacity in Buildings, adding 950 sales people net of attrition representing roughly an 11% increase on the existing salesforce. Additionally, by applying our commercial excellence principles, we were able to improve sales productivity for both the new and veteran salesforces. The combination is visible in the 7% organic order growth performance across our field businesses this year. Against a backdrop of healthy end market demand, orders for our service equipment and install businesses should see continued strength in 2019. You will notice two yellow checkmarks on organic growth in Power and underlying EBIT margin expansion. In both cases, we came in at the low end of our original targets. On the margin front, although we are at the low end of what we communicated to you at the start of the year, we navigated through an accelerating inflationary environment and offset all with $30 million of costs with incremental price in 2018. We also continue to reinvest in our businesses, primarily through engineering and R&D within our products divisions, but also the incremental costs and under absorption associated with the salesforce additions I just mentioned. Lastly on free cash flow, we exceeded our target for 80%-plus conversion at 88% for the year, driven by solid performance and underlying cash from operations as well as a disciplined CapEx reduction. Turning over to Slide 5. Buildings field orders continued to accelerate in the quarter up 9% year-over-year organically. Underlying order strength in the quarter was broad-based with all three regions up high single digits or better. We are seeing continued strength across most of our core product domains, including bookings for installation and service. Orders for large applied systems grew low double digits in both North America and EMEA/LA. I am very proud of the work our teams have done over the course of this year, driving 7% organic order growth for the full year. Our project pipeline remains robust and we expect continued order momentum across our end markets as we look into 2019. Backlog ended the year up 8% at $8.4 billion. With the combination of a solid backlog position and strong order growth expectations, our visibility into 2019 has improved and gives me confidence in our outlook for continued growth in field revenues next year. Turning now to Slide 6. Let me recap the financial results for the quarter. Sales of $8.4 billion increased 3% on a reported basis and 6% on an organic basis with 8% in growth in Buildings and 2% in Power. Adjusted EBIT of approximately $1.2 billion, grew 4% on a reported basis and 9% when adjusting for the impacts of the Scott Safety divestiture, foreign exchange and lead. Favorable volume and mix as well as the benefit of cost synergy and productivity savings more than offset incremental organic investments back into our business. Overall, EBIT margins expanded 10 basis points year-over-year on a reported basis or 50 basis points excluding the impact of the Scott Safety divestiture, FX and lead. Underlying performance was led by Buildings, which expanded core margins by 60 basis points in the quarter. Adjusted free cash flow in the quarter was approximately $1.3 billion, which brings the full year to $2.3 billion, representing 88% conversion. Brian will discuss our performance in more detailed later in the call, but I would like to recognize the cash management office as well as the numerous dedicated individuals throughout the organization who put in a tremendous amount of effort this year. Significantly improving our cash processes and positioning us to deliver a sustained strong free cash flow. Slide 7 bridges our EPS growth year-over-year with respect to some of the items I just discussed, as well as the number of other small items, which impacted us during the quarter. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.93, up 7% over the prior year. With that, I will turn it over to Brian to discuss the performance within the segments.
Brian Stief: Thanks, George, and good morning. So starting with Slide 8, lets take a look at performance of Buildings on a consolidated basis. You can see that building sales in the quarter of $6.2 billion increased 8% organically with our products revenues up 9% and field up 7% and that was really led by a strong 6% growth in service and accelerating growth in project installations, which were grew 7%. Divestitures, primarily the sale of Scott Safety were a 3 percentage point headwind and FX was about 1 percentage headwind. Buildings consolidated EBITA of $939 million grew 11% organically with strong growth in both our field and shorter cycle products businesses. Buildings EBITA margin expanded 10 basis points to 15.2%, which includes a 50 basis point headwind from the divestiture of Scott Safety and FX. So on a normalized basis, our margins expanded a solid 60 basis points. As you can see in the margin waterfall, synergy and productivity save and favorable volume leverage and mix contributed 120 basis points, which includes positive price cost in the quarter. And this was partially offset by 50 basis points of planned incremental product and sales capacity investments. As George mentioned field orders increased 9% organically and our backlog is up 8% to $8.4 billion. Now lets review each of the segments within Buildings. So turning to Slide 9 in North America. Sales of $2.3 billion grew 8% organically as we saw project installation activity accelerating 10% were service growth up 4%. We saw another quarter of solid performance and applied HVAC and controls platforms, which grew mid-single digits organically, led by an 8% growth in core applied HVAC equipment installation and service. Fire and security grew high-single digits with balanced growth across each platform, led by mid-teens growth in security project installations. Our solutions business, which is only about 10% of North Americas revenue, grew high teens on a relatively easy prior year compare just as a reminder, this business can be a bit choppy for an order and revenue standpoint on a quarter-to-quarter basis. So if you look at North America adjusted EBITA of $336 million, it grew 7% year-over-year, and EBIT margin was flat at 14.5% as we saw the benefits of volume leverage and synergy and productivity save being offset by the planned salesforce investments and an unfavorable mix as we saw installed revenues grow at more than twice the rate of service in the quarter. Orders in North America increased to strong 8% organically, driven by applied HVAC orders up low-double digits, and fire and security orders up mid-single digits. Backlog of $5.4 billion increased 6% year-over-year. So moving to EMEA/LA on Slide 10. Sales of $948 million grew 6% organically with continued strength in service, which was up 8% and we saw an inflection and project installations plus 4%, which had been soft as we worked off the lower backlogs as we entered 2018. Growth was positive across all regions and across all lines of business with the exception of the Middle East HVAC business. Europe grew high-single digits driven primarily by a rebound in Industrial Refrigeration and HVAC and orders in Europe, increased high-single digits organically in Q4 led by strong demand in IR, HVAC, fire suppression and security. In the Middle East, revenues were up slightly as continued growth in service was mostly offset by continued softness in HVAC project installations. In Latin America, revenues increased high-single digits led by strength in our security monitoring business, in addition to solid growth in controls and fire suppression. Adjusted EBITDA of $103 million increased 8% on a reported basis, with 15% organically. And EBITDA margins expanded 60 basis points to 10.9%. But again, this includes 30 basis point headwinds from foreign currency. The underlying margin improvement of 90 basis points was a result of favorable volume and mix and the productivity in synergy save, which was again offset by salesforce investments. Orders in EMEA/LA increased 10% with solid growth in all regions across both service and project installation. And our backlog ended up at $1.5 billion, up 9%. So moving to Slide 11 on Asia-Pac, sales of $689 million, grew 4% organically driven by strength in service. Project installation revenue grew a modest percent for strong growth in fire and security and IR, offset by continued weakness in HVAC. Adjusted EBITDA of $105 million, declined 4% year-over-year. And adjusted EBITDA margin declined 90 basis points to 15.2%, where we again saw the benefit of productivity save, cost synergies, and favorable volumes more than offset by salesforce additions and underlying margin pressure. As we highlighted for you at the end of Q3, we did expect to see some margin pressure in Q4 related to the highly competitive environment in China, but we do expect our margins to stabilize in the early part of fiscal 2019 and expect overall modest margin expansion throughout the year fiscal 2019. Asia-Pac orders increased 8% driven primarily by service orders, which are up 20% in the quarter. And our backlog increased 11% to $1.5 billion. So turning to global products in Slide 12. Our sales increased a very strong 9% organically to $2.2 billion with high-teens growth in Building Management Systems, high single-digit growth in HVAC and Refrigeration Equipment and low double-digit growth in Specialty Products. In BMS, we saw strong growth across our controls, fire detection and security businesses. Sales across the HVAC and Refrigeration Equipment grew high-single digits, global residential HVAC, which does include our consolidated Hitachi's JVs in Japan and Taiwan through low double digits in the quarter. Our North American residential HVAC revenues grew just over 20% in the quarter, which was aided by a relatively easy prior year compare, but we did see the favorable weather which drove higher replacement demand and we gained market share with new product introductions as well as the expansion of our distribution footprint. We also saw strong price realization in the channel during the quarter. Global light commercial HVAC grew low-single digits led by mid single-digit growth in North America, despite a real tough mid-teens prior year compare. IR equipment revenues grew mid-single digits in the quarter, led by high-teens growth in North America and our applied HVAC equipment business grew low double digits reflecting strengthen our indirect channels in both North America and Asia. And finally, our low double-digit growth in Specialty Products was driven by an increased demand for fire suppression, with broad-based growth across all of our regions. Segment EBITA of $395 million was up 3% on a reported basis, but up 18% if you exclude the impact of the Scott Safety divestiture. Our reported segment EBITA margins of 60 basis points include 100 basis point headwind related to Scott Safety. So our underlying segment margins expanded 160 basis points in the quarter, the 17.8%, where we saw the higher volume leverage and mixed positive price costs in the quarter and the benefits of cost synergies and productivity save, partially offset by the planned channel and product investments we've talked to you about in the past. So let's move to Slide 13 and talk about Power Solutions. Sales of $2.2 billion increased 2% organically on a tough prior year compare, and this was driven mostly by a decline in unit shipments, primarily in our aftermarket channel. Total battery shipments declined 1% year-over-year with shipments to OE customers up 5% and aftermarket shipments down 2%, and I would just note that on a comparative basis, we shipped a record number of batteries in Q4 of last year after a relatively soft Q3. Our growth in OE shipments outpaced global market growth and also reflects several new business wins that we expect to continue as we move forward. In addition to tough prior year compare shipments to the aftermarket channel were impacted by about 1% percentage point related to Hurricane Florence. Global shipments of start-stop batteries increased 20% year-over-year, with strong growth in the Americas, China, and EMEA. Segment EBITA Power of $424 million decreased 2% on the reported basis and 1% organically. And margin declined 80 basis points year-over-year to 19.4%, which included a 10 basis point headwind for FX. So Power's underlying margins declined 70 basis points, which is reflective of the continued pressure around transportation costs, some unfavorable volume and mix, lower fixed cost absorption in our plants. And those items were offset by some favorability and productivity save. I would point out that freight costs do remain elevated and we expect some continued pressure in the near-term in transportation costs as we work to offset these incremental costs through pricing, as we renew agreements with our customers. On Slide 14 corporate expense was down 11% year-over-year to $95 million and again, we make good progress on the synergy and productivity saving front. So let me turn to Page 15 and talk about cash flow. Our reported cash flow was $1 billion in the quarter and if you exclude the planned integration and restructuring payments and a non-recurring tax payment of about $300 million, our adjusted free cash flow was a strong $1.3 billion in Q4. For the full year, adjusted free cash flow was $2.3 billion, which is up roughly $1 billion over the prior year, and as George mentioned represented free cash flow conversion of 88%. For the full year, we delivered significant improvement in cash from operations and also reduced our CapEx spend by about $200 million relative to our original plan of $1.25 billion and as we go forward, we'll continue to use a very disciplined CapEx approach. If I look forward to fiscal 2019 adjusted free cash flow conversion will approximate 90% and that guidance excludes special cash outflow items of about $300 million to $400 million and also excludes the $600 million tax refund that we expect either in late fiscal 2019 or early fiscal 2020. Turning the balance sheet on Slide 16. Our balance sheet position continues to improve with net debt down nearly $1 billion sequentially in the quarter to $10.8 billion. Our net debt to EBITDA leverage is 2.2 and our net debt to cap declined to 33.8%. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.2 million shares for $45 million and for the year, we repurchased 7.7 million shares for $300 million in line with our original plans. Additionally, as we look to 2019, we're now in a better position to return more cash to our shareholders. The Board of Directors has approved an additional $1 billion share repurchase authorization, which is in addition to the $900 million that remains in prior authorizations. We do expect to complete approximately $1 billion of share repurchases during fiscal 2019. And finally, let me just touch on a couple of other items on Slide 17, before I turn it back over to George. I'd like to give you a quick update on U.S. tax reform, as you know, our original assessment was that the effect on our fiscal 2019 rate could be in the range of up to a rate of 16% to 18%, and as we work through the details of the provisions of the new tax code, we now expect our effective rate to be 16% in fiscal 2019, which compares to the 13% rate in fiscal 2018. And then lastly, as we mentioned on the third quarter call, we've got a new revenue recognition accounting standard that will become effective for us in the first quarter of 2019. The impact of the standard on buildings is not significant, but for Power Solutions, even though there's not a significant impact on EBITA. There is an impact on revenue and as a result, there'll be a gross-up in sales which will impact our EBITA margin rate by 200 plus basis points. We have provided in the appendix to the deck normalize financials for the quarters for Power, so you can update your models with the new information. So with that, I will turn it back over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Brian. Before we open up the line for questions, I want to provide you with our outlook for 2019. Let's start by walking through the puts and takes embedded in our 2019 guidance on Slide 18. As Brian mentioned, our tax rate for fiscal 2019 increases to 16% from the 13% effective rate reported in fiscal 2018, and this equates to a $0.12 headwind year-over-year, which normalizes our fiscal year 2018 EPS to $2.71. We expect mid single-digit organic growth, which will drive approximately $0.28 of earnings and we expect this growth to be primarily driven by improved volumes and price. Additionally, we will have the continued benefit of synergies and productivity savings, which we will realize over the course of the year that will contribute an additional $0.23 of earnings. As you are all aware, the U.S. dollar has continued to strengthen, based on recent rates, we expect this to result in an $0.08 foreign currency headwind year-over-year. Additionally, the carryover of the salesforces investments, as well as a few cents of incremental investments in our product businesses are expected to total about $0.07. As you can see there are various other items which net to $0.07 headwind in fiscal 2019. All of these factors contributed to our fiscal 2019 EPS guidance range before special items of $2.90 to $3.05. This represents growth in the range of 7% to 13%, adjusting for the impact of the increased tax rate. The full details of our guidance is included on Slide 19. Our guidance is based on strong underlying EBIT growth of 8% to 12%, driven by strong top line performance in synergy and productivity benefits. While we are pleased with our 2018 results and continuing momentum into 2019, there is still a lot of opportunity ahead and we remain focused on driving execution. With that, let me turn it over to our operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, George and Brian, and Antonella.
George Oliver: Good morning, Nigel.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
Nigel Coe: Right. So I'm sure this is a question, you don't really want to address, but I think it has to be asked at least. I'm sure you were hoping to have an announcement about the outcome of your portfolio review that the lot of press reports around potential bidders for that business. Can you maybe just talk about, how you narrowed the range of options for Power? And if you have maybe just address that and alternatively, is everything still on tape?
George Oliver: Yes, what I would say, Nigel. We've gone through a very thorough process and have been assessing multiple options. I would tell you, we've been very disciplined in making sure that whatever the outcome is that we're going to be positioned to be able to create the most shareholder value. A little bit disappointed around the timing, but it's something that we can't control. What I would say that we have made significant progress. There are a significant number of considerations that we've taken into account. And what I believe is most important now is making the right decision versus keeping to a set timeline. We are evaluating all of the multiple options before we reach the final decision, as I said all options are still on the table.
Nigel Coe: Okay. I'll leave it there, maybe there'll be other questions then. And maybe just turning into the cash flow outlook for 2019, maybe this is for Brian, maybe just talk about, what CapEx number is in there? I'm sorry if I missed that in your prepared remarks. And then the one-timers, the $3 million to $4 million of one-timers, can you just maybe just talk about those? Are there discrete tax items in there as well?
Brian Stief: So the guidance at 90% free cash flow for fiscal 2019 has in it, roughly $1 billion of CapEx. So on a comparable level with where we ended this year, Nigel. And as far as the special items for fiscal 2019, that represents really a lot of the integration costs and restructuring that we've taken as part of the whole JCI Tyco integration, if you recall the $1 billion and save over the four-year period, we've commented that was probably about a dollar for dollar cost to save and that really reflects the remaining portion of the cost to deliver the $1 billion. There are not any unusual or non-recurring tax items in that amount.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then just a quick one on top of that. The cash tax rate is that going forward, is that going to be similar to the GAAP tax rate?
Brian Stief: It will be certainly closer than it's been in the past, I think 2019 could be quarter-to-quarter, may be a little choppy. But for the year pretty normalized and then when we get to 2020, it should be back very close.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Maybe just the first question on the Buildings margin guidance, I think you've guided that to grow about 40 bps to 60 bps in fiscal 2019. If I look at the Q4 margin performance, you are up about 60 bps, excluding Scott Safety and I would have thought that maybe with less investment spend, maybe less price cost headwind, your margin improvement may accelerate from Q4. So maybe just help us understand what are some of the offset, is it tariffs or mix or something?
George Oliver: Yes, Julian. We've made a lot of progress here when you look at the overall margins and when you look at the aggregate of what we're forecasting here for 2019. What we'll see is very nice progress on the price cost within our products business and that's coming through as you've seen here in the last couple of quarters. And then within our field businesses, when you look at the field businesses, we've got the headwind of the salesforce investments that we've made through the course of 2018 and that becomes in  especially in the first half of this year, some headwind on the margin rate. And so if you look at the overall margin rate, we pick up about 30 basis points on volume with the continued strong organic performance, we pick up about 60 basis points of price  I'm sorry, productivity and synergy save. And then that's being offset with the reinvestments that we have, the little bit of a headwind that we have from the salesforce expansion that we made, and then some incremental investments here in products. As we go through the course of the year though, as we position now through 2019 and into 2020. You'll see those headwinds subside because now that we've got the growth machine working. We've got the orders now at a rate that we believe is well above the market. We're now driving our service growth and with the investments we've made in products, that's ultimately what's going to drive the growth and the overall margin expansion longer-term. And so there is a little bit of headwind here in 2019, but we feel good about the 40 to 60 basis points that we've guided here for our Buildings business here in 2019.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. And then just my follow-up question would be  apologies if I missed. But any clarity you could give on the impact of tariffs. Maybe just what you saw the fiscal 2018 impact from tariffs was on a gross or net basis, what you're assuming it is for fiscal 2019 and maybe just any detail on how it affects the two segments differently?
George Oliver: Julian. When we looked at this, in total, for the total years, so we started to get hit with the 232s in 2018 and then subsequent to that the 301s, when you put order of magnitude across both, it's roughly about a  I'm going to say roughly about a $130 million, $140 million, and we saw about half of that come through in 2018. And I would tell you from a pricing standpoint as you all know, we got behind the price cost curve early in the year in 2018. We've been very aggressive with price through second, third and fourth quarter. We're in very good position right now from a cost standpoint taken into account, all of our inflationary costs including tariffs that on a go-forward basis here, we're going to start to see price cost being positive throughout the year, with the work that's been done from a pricing standpoint. So we feel that we've taken all of the 301s even the full  when you look at the 301s as it relates to China, all of the potential headwind that that would potentially create, we packed that into our cost base and we've taken the pricing actions to be able to offset that.
Julian Mitchell: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Andrew Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning guys.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz: George, field and installation picked up nicely in the quarter to 7%, helping you get to overall field revenue growth of 7%. Are if the point, given your increased salesforce, where you can feel revenue growth can basically match field backlog growth, and installation growth at the same time. Can you sustain that mid single-digit growth that you saw? And separately, just on the applied HVAC product acceleration, are you seeing new products really starting to gain traction or is it just a strong institutional markets there?
George Oliver: So let me start with the overall  the backlog, the work that we've done this year within our salesforce and how we built the backlog. All of that has been broad-based across our field businesses, across HVAC, Industrial Refrigeration through, across our Fire & Security businesses. So I would tell you it's been globally very much broad-based. Now with that backlog, we've also been able to accrete the book margins. So we've been booking better margins in backlog and that's what ultimately is going to support the margin expansion, as we go forward here through 2019 and beyond. Now when you look at the growth rates, so we got an 8% backlog going into 2019, that is what gives me tremendous confidence that as we go through 2019, the guidance that we've given is firm, because as you look at where we started 2018, we started off with a backlog, I believe it was somewhere around 2%. And then we ultimately were able to accelerate through the course of the year to be able to get to the 5% Buildings organic growth. So in regards to your question, I absolutely believe that you'll start to see the organic revenue growth in line with the order growth that we're achieving, you started to see that in the fourth quarter and through 2019, you'll start to see those two lines converge, on the installation side. What I'm very excited about is service, from a service standpoint, we've been expanding service. We're trying to expand service as rapidly as we're expanding our install business. As you all know, that's where we get significant improved margins and across the board, we've expanded our not only our commercial teams, but also the fulfillment capabilities to be able to drive service. Recall, that we were  modest growth in 2017, like 1% or 2%, we were able to ramp up 3% to 4% to 5% to 6% during the quarters in 2018, and that gives me confidence we're going to see the orders that we've been able to achieve in service, begin to convert to stronger revenue here in 2019 and beyond. So in regards to that, I do believe that through the course in 2019, you'll be able to see the convergence of the organic revenue to what we've been able to achieve from an order standpoint. Now, the second question?
Antonella Franzen: HVAC.
George Oliver: On the HVAC, when you look at our HVAC performance, I couldn't be more excited about the progress we've made relative to  with the new products that we brought into the market and then the expanded distribution that we've put into place across the globe. If you look at a couple of segments, our North America residential HVAC equipment revenue was up 21%. Now I would say that, that's to an easy compare from last year. But overall, when you look at whether it'd the favorable weather that Brian talked about, the channel expansion that we've made, the price realization, that gives me tremendous confidence here that we're gaining share and making a lot of progress with the new products we've launched. When you look at light commercial, when you look  we were up about mid-single digits, but that's to a much tougher compare from last year where we were up double digits. And then when you look at our global applied HVAC equipment business, we've launched a lot of new products in that space, we're beginning to see the pickup with those new products. Now globally, we're roughly at mid single-digit growth. But I would tell you in North America, the success of the products and the expansion that we've had, is driving double-digit growth in North America. So I'm very pleased with the progress we're making in that space.
Andrew Kaplowitz: George. Just a quick follow-up on Power Solutions, if you look at the volume mix component in your margin markets slips, I think plus 30 last quarter to minus 80 this quarter, obviously slower growth this quarter, so little bit more under absorption. But how much of the change was warrants related disruption in the quarter. And does that impact go away in Q1 this year?
George Oliver: Yes. So that was part of our challenge that we had with a little bit of volume and then the margin pressure that we had. I would tell you that most of it was driven by the mix. So when you look at our Power Solutions business last year, the compare we had a record year of volume fourth quarter of 2017. In 2018, our OE volume was up 5%, and then our aftermarket volume was down 2%. So that was a significant impact to the margin rate, organically, we showed 2% overall, and that was driven by price and mix. But then when you look at the mix between OE and aftermarket is what drove that margin pressure. That in addition to all of the headwinds that we've had with our transportation and logistics was  couldn't that has been offset, we had strong productivity, but if Power offset is the productivity that we achieved during the quarter. What I see going forward is more balanced mix, as we project the volumes here, as we get into 2019. We are seeing some decent volumes, given that this is our strong season, and I am encouraged based on the volumes, I see coming through, and that I think that will normalize the margin rate on a run rate basis, as we go through 2019.
Brian Stief: I would just add to that. I think the way to think about the impact of the hurricane and Power, it was probably, roughly a $0.01 in the quarter impact to us.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Appreciate it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hey, good morning. How are you?
George Oliver: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Just a question on the CapEx. How much this year will be battery CapEx? And then how much are out of the billion is battery next year?
Brian Stief: I would look  I think in terms of probably a third of the CapEx will be Power Solutions and two-thirds Buildings and corporate.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And that's going to be kind of consistent for next year or the Buildings CapEx stays flat and most of the reduction is kind of the sustainable reduction is in  is on the Power side? Most of the change?
Brian Stief: It's going to be pretty consistent Steve, between 2018 and 2019. So one-thirds, two-thirds.
Steve Tusa: Okay, got it.
George Oliver: Just a comment on that. When we look at CapEx, what we're going through is we're being very disciplined. I mean, we are investing, we are supporting the growth that we're achieving, and we're making sure that all of the capital expense that we incur is truly aligned to being able to achieve this accelerated growth. So I can assure you that from a payback standpoint, we're well positioned with these investments.
Steve Tusa: Yes, absolutely. Im just curious. So when you kind of look at the improvement in conversion. Is that coming  Im just trying to kind of discern, is that  part of that is from battery CapEx coming down obviously, as you guys are discipline on that business, correct? Is that kind of how were looking at it?
Brian Stief: Yes, I mean, I think theres probably, when you think about Buildings CapEx versus Power CapEx, theres probably 10% to 15% difference in conversion between Power Solutions and the Buildings business. So
Steve Tusa: Okay.
Brian Stief: Yes.
Steve Tusa: Got it. And then just anything around quarterly sequencing when it comes to kind of seasonality of the year? Anything on cash or EPS that we should be aware of?
Brian Stief: No, I think historically, weve been about 19%, 20% EPS in the first couple of quarters, probably just short of 30% in the third quarter and then low 30%s in the fourth quarter, based upon the plan that we put together, we dont see any major shifts from that Steve.
Steve Tusa: Great, thats super helpful. Thanks for the color.
George Oliver: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Deane Dray from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
Deane Dray: Just want to follow-up on Steves questions on CapEx. And George you emphasize a point about staying disciplined on CapEx. There were some projects that got deferred. Just give us a sense of what were those projects? And are they being added into 2019 or are they canceled altogether?
Brian Stief: Yes, when we did the review, I mean there were certainly things that came out. But there was nothing that was deferred into 2019. I mean, we did it strictly as George mentioned on a return on invested capital basis, and if it didnt have the payback, its something were not going to move forward with. So I dont think you should view the reduction in CapEx in 2018 as something that closed into 2019. 2019 will be evaluated on a stand-alone basis between the businesses.
Deane Dray: Got it. And then on the salesforce investment, George it be interested in  since it has had such an impact across your businesses. Could you talk a bit about how the new sales folks have been deployed the businesses to geographies? And at what point do they become productive? You made a comment earlier about salesforce productivity and you measured the veteran versus the newer folks and whats baked into your assumptions into 2019?
George Oliver: Yes. So, right out of the gate, Deane, as I took over last fall, this was front and center and we immediately embarked on putting some type processes around sales and putting the discipline and getting the right targets and getting the right incentives, and most important is segmenting the market and how we serve the market. And so when you look at our salesforce, weve got multiple segments, you have enterprise selling, you have HVAC equipment, youve got fire security, youve got long-term contracts, youve got short-term service. And so getting that right was very important. And so we did that across the board. And then we said, where is the market growth? How were going to compete? Where do we need to add? What skill sets do we need? And so by doing that, weve been adding through the course of the year, like Ive said, we netted 950, and then within that making sure that as theyre ramping up within each one of their segments, that we have an expected level of production during that ramp up in every segment is a little bit different and how it works. But what I would tell you with the discipline, with the process, with the accountability, with the incentives, weve been exceeding the ramp up in each one of the segments. And so I have a lot of confidence here based on the output, were still expecting here from an order standpoint to be high-single digit order growth again through the year as were getting our salesforce up to speed. But I can assure you  and then through the process it also allows us to be able to address low performance, to make sure that, that were getting high quality sales people coming in, were giving them the right targets, theyre ramping up appropriately and ultimately delivering on the expectations of the reinvestment were making.
Deane Dray: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Gautam Khanna from Cowen. Your line is open.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. Thanks, good morning, everyone.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: George, I was wondering if you could give us some context for the consideration of exiting Power Solutions. The math, when we look at it, looks like it could be dilutive if it were sold, assuming reasonable multiples. Im just curious, how you balance the potential for dilution versus the right portfolio long-term, how do you make those trade-offs?
George Oliver: Yes, so were looking at all of that. So as you look at a business and the fundamentals of the business, the ability to be able to create value, short and long-term, weve taken all of that into account. And as were looking at not only continuing to run, I mean this is an incredible business with a market-leading position that is in an attractive vertical and it will be for some time and were focused on how do we continue to deliver value with that. And then making sure as we look longer-term that we can position it to be able to create the most amount of shareholder value. And it also factors in as we look at the portfolio and how the overall portfolio is performing, how do we continue to be positioned with optionality within Buildings, so that we can continue to strengthen our Buildings position because we do have an incredible platform there that I believe both with the combination of our strong product technologies and capabilities combined with our channel that were positioned extremely well now to be able to capitalize in that space. So we take all of that into consideration, weve gone through thorough reviews as weve gone through the process, we made a lot of progress, theres been a lot of learning in some cases, but its making sure that we do whats right, not only for our investors, as well as for the employees that are part of that business.
Gautam Khanna: Thats helpful. I appreciate it. And just a quick follow-up on, you mentioned the applied business in North America, it looks really strong. Where do you think we are in that cycle? I mean, how many years left do you think we have of kind of this mid-to-upper single-digit or perhaps double-digit growth? And maybe whats the underlying market growth you think and how long might we actually sustain that?
George Oliver: Yes. All of the indices that suggested this continued expansion, whether it be ABI or  theres other indices on starts and the like, weve been very successful in being able to expand our footprint in capacity and at the same time also be able to get more attractive projects with the pricing that weve been putting into place in the market. So Im feeling, Im still pretty bullish at least over the next a year or two, that this is going to continue, based on what weve seen with the activity, what were quoting on, lot of the large projects that Ive been involved with, with some of the key customers that we support. And so its hard to predict, I mean, I hear all the same reports that you hear and some of the concern that were at the mid or end of the cycle. And based on what I see today, I see it continuing and because of that were doing very well. I mean, were with the expanded footprint in the sales capacity that we put into place, were getting more than our fair share.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Steven Winoker from UBS. Your line is open.
David Silverman: Good morning. This is David Silverman on for Steve.
Antonella Franzen: Hey, David.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Brian Stief: Hey, David.
David Silverman: Good morning. So in the past, youve talked about potentially speaking about divesting 5% to 10% of the Buildings portfolio, that you considered to be non-core. From a portfolio management standpoint, is that kind of still on the table, and if so, can you give us an idea of what you might be thinking of as non-core?
George Oliver: Yes. So we continued to review the Buildings portfolio, we have made a number of small divestitures that most dont hit the radar screen. These are very small businesses that are distractions and weve continue to look at those. Weve also made some small bolt-on acquisitions mainly in our Building Management Systems space. Overall, one of the divestitures you might have seen where, we did a  we entered into a JV with Con Ed on our distributed energy storage business here late in Q4. So theres a lot of activity like that, that were working to clean up the portfolio. When you look at the overall 5% to 10%, I would say, were still in that range. These are businesses that when you look at our core strategy of strengthening, our HVAC platforms. And then leading in Building Management Systems, these are businesses that might not fit either of those two categories that are good businesses are running well in timing wise would be, whats the way to be able to then potentially divest or reinvest that into core HVAC businesses and/or Building Management System. So as we review the portfolio that would be  were still in that ballpark 5% to 10% of the overall buildings portfolio.
Brian Stief: Yes. I would say as it relates to that. Just, I think the way to think about it is, these are smaller businesses that would be transacted over time, and its probably a multi-year journey that were talking about that gets to that 5% to 10%. And I think as weve talked about in the past to the extent that there are non-core Tyco businesses that could be sold as youre aware, we can use the proceeds from the sale of those businesses to pay down the original Tyco TSarl debt of $4 billion, which as we sit here today is now down to like $1.4 billion after a couple of years. So, that would be another item that would be taken into consideration as we think about some of the portfolio moves.
David Silverman: Okay, understood. Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of John Walsh from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Walsh: Hi, good morning.
Brian Stief: Good morning.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning.
John Walsh: So also late in the  or I guess early in Q4, we saw the small Lux deal here around smart thermostats and home automation. But I was wondering, if you were to take a look at your deal pipeline, as it stands today, if there is any color around if its more opportunity around, consolidating existing building systems youre already strong in or if there is some opportunity to move into places where you might not be as strong in terms of building systems, thinking about a slide you presented a couple of year back around lighting and electrical.
George Oliver: Yes. So what I would say is that, right now were focused on  these acquisitions have been bolt-on mainly  bolt-on acquisitions, mainly driven by technology or capabilities that we felt as were looking at our organic investments required to ultimately lead and/or filling gaps inorganically. These are the size of businesses, so theyre relatively small in the grand scheme. Now, my belief is as we go forward and develop more capacity here, well continue to look at opportunities to be able to take our platforms here and position them, so that we can continue to accelerate. So at this stage, our focus has been execution, driving strong organic growth with the investments were making. And then if there are gaps, weve been building a pipeline to fill some of the small gaps. So theres been nothing significant at this stage.
John Walsh: Okay. And then one from a higher level perspective here to Buildings. I think a lot of times these systems are  particularly around HVAC are being sold more around energy efficiency. And one of the trends were starting to see is a movement more toward wellness, so kind of moving away from "energy star rating" to more of a wellness rating. Are you actually seeing this in your business today? Or is that not something thats on the radar screen?
George Oliver: Well, I mean I cant speak for our team. I mean, I wouldnt say that Ive been directly involved in that type of dialog. But I would tell you our teams are absolutely assessing the current trends, its happening in HVAC and making sure that from a technology standpoint, were leading those trends. And when I think about the work were doing in our digital solutions, its being able to take all of the data thats collected through these multiple systems, and then ultimately  not only optimize performance and reduce energy, but also now its tied to improving comfort, an individualizing comfort and a lot of other outputs with the work that were doing. So a lot of our work around digital solutions in the Controls piece of what we do in HVAC is a critical component to being able to achieve that outcome that I believe youre talking about.
John Walsh: Great, thank you.
Antonella Franzen: Operator, lets turn the call back over to George for some closing comments.
George Oliver: So, thanks again for all of you joining our call this morning. As youve seen, weve made a tremendous amount of progress in 2018, and were fully committed to build upon that momentum in 2019. And look forward to engaging with many of you here over the next coming days and weeks. So, operator, that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. Thank you, and that concludes todays conference. Thank you all for participating, you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc
Analysts: Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC Nigel Coe - Wolfe Research LLC Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc. Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Welcome to Johnson Controls Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will turn the call over to Antonella Franzen, Vice President and Chief Investor Relations and Communications Officer.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls third quarter fiscal 2018 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. With me today are Johnson Controls Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver, and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of today's call we will be providing certain forward looking information. We ask that you review today's press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that we've included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted EBITA and adjusted EBIT margins exclude restructuring and integration costs as well as other special items. These metrics are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to the presentation posted on our website. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Johnson Controls ordinary shareholders was $0.78 for the quarter and included a net charge of $0.03 related to special items. These special items primarily relate to integration costs. Adjusting for these special items, non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.81 per share compared to $0.71 in the prior year quarter. Now, let me turn the call over to George.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, Antonella, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Let's get started with a high level review of the strategic highlights in the quarter starting on slide 3. Last quarter we began laying a foundation based on the theme of building momentum. As I think about the progress we have made in the third quarter, I would say the momentum continues on each of our key initiatives. Starting with sales capacity, based on our success in attracting high performing talent during the first half, we continue to accelerate the pace of sales adds in the third quarter, hiring an incremental 375 sales professionals. This brings our year-to-date net additions to the Building direct channel and indirect sales force to about 775 globally versus our previous expectation of 500 to 600 net adds. We expect to end the year with 900 net adds. By leveraging the Johnson Controls commercial excellence programs throughout the organization, the hallmarks of which are an appropriately designed attractive incentive compensation structure, proper onboarding and training models as well as ongoing sales management and coaching, we have seen a significant increase in the productivity of our new and existing sales teams. That, in turn, improves the customer experience and drives order growth as evidenced by the continued acceleration in Buildings orders and organic revenue growth. Our initiatives surrounding our sales force resegmentation and improved pricing discipline continue to bear fruit with further improvement in margins on orders secured in backlog. For example, margins on new orders in North America increased 110 basis points year-over-year, which compares to the 70 basis point increase we saw in Q1 and 100 basis point increase we saw in Q2. Despite a more difficult prior year comparison, our Global Products team continued to accelerate top line growth, reflecting outstanding execution and converting on the substantial investments made in capital deployed over the past several years into engineering, R&D and expanding our distribution footprint. I should also call attention to the aggressive pricing actions we have taken, particularly over the last six months to combat rising raw material and other input costs. We have achieved above average levels of price realization relative to our announced price increases year-to-date, which has enabled us to move into a modest positive price/cost position earlier than expected. Based on the timing of price recovery and assuming recent levels of inflation, we are well positioned into the fourth quarter. Buildings service revenue growth accelerated once again in the third quarter to 5% year-over-year compared to the 3% growth we experienced in the first half. I'm extremely pleased with our execution in our service businesses across the globe, particularly given the intense focus we have had on expanding our commercial capabilities and strengthening operations, while increasing our service technician capacity. At Power Solutions, we had strong organic performance in both the OE and aftermarket channels, benefiting partly from the new platform wins we discussed with you last quarter. The success in ramping shipments on the new wins can be directly attributed to the Power team's solid execution and commitment to serving our customers. On free cash flow, we continued to drive operational improvements and I am very pleased with our progress in establishing sound fundamental processes and metrics across the organization. Cost synergies and productivity savings remain on track. At this point I would say these initiatives are well-weaved into the fabric of Johnson Controls. We delivered nearly $70 million or $0.06 of incremental savings in the quarter, as expected. We are on track to deliver our $250 million savings target in fiscal 2018. Lastly, let me provide you an update on the strategic review of our Power Solutions business. As we previously discussed, we are analyzing multiple options, including a spin or a sale versus retaining it as part of our portfolio. We are analyzing the viability and benefits of a tax-efficient spin of the business and, in parallel, have been discussing the potential sale of the business with interested parties. Management, along with the Board of Directors, have decided to continue to explore these alternatives and expect to conclude the review by the release of our fourth quarter earnings. We will communicate more details when a final determination has been made. Let's turn to slide 4 for a quick look at the macro environment. Despite recent FX volatility, inflationary pressures and trade policy concerns, the macroeconomic environment generally remains supportive of continued growth across most of our key geographic regions. By most accounts, U.S. economic fundamentals continue to strengthen; spending in non-residential construction markets remains favorable. Despite recent choppiness in a few of our macro indicators, the forward looking components are still pointing to modest growth over the next 12 months and we are seeing that in our orders, led by strength in the institutional verticals. Trends in Europe remain somewhat mixed with lower growth for construction markets in larger developed economies and higher growth in the Eastern European economies, where those countries continue to invest at rates above their GDP. The sustained rebound in oil prices continues to support investments in the Middle East, and is also driving increased demand for our fire protection and suppression products that serve the harsh and hazardous end markets globally. China is an area we are monitoring closely, given the potential for trade disruptions with the U.S. that continue to escalate. Although China's economic growth has slowed somewhat, it remains one of the fastest growth regions and recently-announced government policies aimed at reviving growth may start to take shape over the next several months. China non-residential construction starts remain flat overall, with continued weakness in commercial verticals, offset by continued growth in the industrial and infrastructure verticals. In Power, global auto production is stabilizing, particularly in the U.S. and Europe, and the recent platform wins position us well to gain share. The increasing electrification in vehicles, combined with a regulatory environment still pushing for stronger efficiency standards, are supportive of our core battery technologies. Changing demographics also remain favorable, as evidenced by the growth we are seeing in China, which continues to outpace the market and has been a source of growth in both channels. Overall, the underlying fundamentals within most of our key geographies remain supportive of continued order and revenue growth momentum. Turning over to slide 5, Buildings Field orders accelerated again in the quarter, up 8% year-over-year organically with continued strong quoting activity. This compares to low-single-digit average growth in fiscal 2017 and 6% average growth in the first half. Underlying order strength was most notable in our North America and EMEA/LA businesses across most of our core product domains, and including bookings for both installation and service. Our North America Fire business experienced its highest bookings quarter in over two years. Our growth in backlog provides confidence in continued improvement in revenue growth. Turning now to slide 6, let me recap the financial results for the quarter. Sales of $8.1 billion increased 6% on both a reported and organic basis, with 5% organic growth in Buildings and 10% in Power. Adjusted EBIT of approximately $1.1 billion grew 6% on a reported basis and 12% when adjusting for the impact of the Scott Safety divestiture, foreign exchange and lead. Favorable volume mix and the benefit of cost synergy and productivity savings more than offset incremental organic investments back into our business. Between incremental product and sales capacity investments, we initially planned to spend approximately $35 million in the third quarter and we came in closer to $45 million, taking into account the significant number of sales adds I discussed earlier. Overall, EBIT margins expanded 10 basis points year-over-year on a reported basis or 70 basis points excluding the impact of the Scott Safety divestiture, FX and lead. Adjusted earnings per share came in at $0.81, up 14% over the prior year. Adjusted free cash flow in the quarter was just short of $650 million, which when added to our first half free cash flow, which was north of $300 million, brings us to $1 billion year-to-date. Turning to our EPS bridge on slide 7, as I mentioned earlier, synergy and productivity savings added $0.06 to the prior year. Volume and mix contributed an additional $0.08, driven by solid growth in both Buildings and Power. The cumulative benefit of synergies and volume/mix was partially offset by incremental investments. Lastly, the combined benefit from lower tax and FX was offset by below-the-line items. Overall, this resulted in $0.81 adjusted EPS for the quarter. With that, I will turn it over to Brian to discuss the performance within the segments.
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. So let's start on slide 8 and take a look at the performance of Buildings on a consolidated basis. Total Buildings sales in the quarter of $6.3 billion increased 5% organically with Products up 7% and Field up 4%, led by strong 5% growth in service across all geographies and a return to growth of 2% on project installations. A three percentage point headwind from M&A, primarily related to the Scott Safety divestiture, was partially offset by a 2% benefit of FX in the quarter. Buildings consolidated EBITA of $954 million grew a strong 10% organically with balanced growth across our Field and shorter cycle Products businesses. Buildings reported EBITA margin expanded 20 basis points versus the prior year to 15.2%, but this includes a 40 basis point headwind from the Scott Safety divestiture and a 10 basis point headwind related to foreign currency. On a normalized basis, the EBITA margin expanded a solid 70 basis points in the quarter. As you can see in the margin waterfall, the combined benefit of 130 basis points from synergy and productivity save, volume leverage and mix was partially offset by 60 basis points of planned headwinds from incremental product and sales capacity investments. As expected, gross margin pressures from the conversion of lower margin backlog and price costs were not significant in Q3. And in fact, as George mentioned, we ended the third quarter with a positive price cost variance. Field orders increased by 8% organically year-over-year with backlog, up 7%, now standing at $8.5 billion. Now, let's turn to each of the individual segments within Buildings and starting on page 9 with North America. Sales of $2.2 billion grew 5% organically with strong growth in our applied HVAC & Controls and Fire & Security platforms each growing mid-single digits. Our Solutions business, which represents less than 10% of North America's revenue, declined low single-digits in the quarter on a tough prior year compare. Service revenue North America grew mid-single digits organically led by increase in activity in both HVAC & Controls and Fire & Security, while project installation revenue also grew in the mid-single digit range led by strength in Fire & Security. North America adjusted EBITA of $318 million grew 10% year-over-year with EBITA margins expanding 60 basis points to 14.2%. We saw the benefit of volume leverage and favorable mix and synergies and productivity being partially offset by higher than planned investments in sales force capacity and the residual lower margin backlog conversion. Orders in North America increased 8% organically, another great quarter for our North American team as we saw strong bookings in both our conventional HVAC & Controls and Fire & Security businesses, including strength in project installation as well as service. Backlog of $5.4 billion increased 7% year-over-year. So let's move to slide 10, EMEA/LA. As expected, sales of $926 million were flat organically year-over-year as we started the fiscal year with lower project backlogs in both Europe and the Middle East. Europe declined in the low single-digits driven by lower project installation backlog in our Industrial Refrigeration and HVAC businesses; however, orders did increase in the mid-teens organically in Q3 led by strong demand in IR, fire suppression and security. In the Middle East, revenues grew low single-digits as low double-digit growth in service activity was substantially offset by continued softness in project installations. Latin America revenues increased mid-single-digits led by strength in our recurring security monitoring business and fire suppression. Adjusted EBITA of $98 million increased 10% and EBITA margins expanded 60 basis points to 10.6% including a 40 basis point headwind related to foreign currency. Underlying margins increased 100 basis points driven primarily by productivity and synergy save. Orders in EMEA/LA were up a strong 13% with solid growth across all regions and across both service and project installation, driven primarily by strength in IR and Fire & Security. Backlog in EMEA/LA ended at $1.6 billion up 6% organically. So let's turn to slide 11 and discuss APAC. Sales of $681 million grew 4% organically, largely driven by low double-digit service growth led primarily by China and Southeast Asia. Project installation revenue grew low single-digits driven by Fire & Security and IR. Adjusted EBITA of $97 million increased 15% over the prior-year with margins expanding 90 basis points, and this includes a 50 basis point headwind related to foreign currency. The underlying margin improvement of 140 basis points reflects the continued benefit of productivity and synergy save as well as favorable volume and mix, partially offset by investments in sales force. Asia Pacific orders did decline 1% in the quarter primarily due to a tough prior-year comparison of 9%, but also reflective of an increasingly competitive market dynamic in the region, especially in China. Backlog increased 9% to $1.5 billion. I would point out that, based upon what we see today, we expect continued competitive and margin pressures as we move through Q4 and into fiscal 2019. Turning to Global Products on slide 12, sales increased a strong 7% organically to $2.4 billion, led by high-single-digit growth in both Building Management Systems and HVAC & Refrigeration Equipment and mid-single-digit growth in Specialty Products. In BMS, we saw strong growth across our controls, fire detection, and security businesses. In HVAC & Refrigeration Equipment, global residential HVAC, which does include sales through our consolidated Hitachi JVs, primarily in Japan and Taiwan, grew high-single-digits in the quarter. Our North America residential HVAC revenue grew in the low-double-digits despite a tough low-double-digit compare in the prior year. Favorable weather in the latter part of the quarter drove higher replacement demand, and we are seeing strong price realization in the channel. Based on continued favorable weather trends, we do expect strong North America residential market demand will continue in Q4. Global light commercial HVAC grew mid-single-digits in the quarter led by high-teens growth in North America on a relatively easy prior year compare, but this does reflect strong growth in our national accounts. Our VRF business saw high-single-digit growth in the quarter with strong double-digit growth in our unconsolidated Hitachi joint ventures in China, which continue to perform exceptionally well. IR also had a strong quarter with high-teens growth, and our applied HVAC equipment business grew high-single-digits led by solid growth in APAC and North America, partially offset by a decline in EMEA/LA. Mid-single-digit growth in Specialty Products was driven by increased demand for fire suppression with solid growth in EMEA/LA and APAC, partially offset by a modest decline in North America on a tough prior year compare. Segment EBITA of $441 million was up 11% excluding the impact of Scott Safety. The reported segment EBITA margin declined 30 basis point, but this includes a 90 basis point headwind related to Scott Safety. Underlying margins expanded 60 basis points to 18.2% as higher volume leverage and the benefits of cost synergy and productivity save was partially offset by 70 basis points of continued product and channel investment. As mentioned earlier, price cost inflected positive in the third quarter, but really didn't have a significant impact on the margin rates in Q3. So let's move to slide 13 in Power Solutions. Sales of $1.8 billion increased 10% organically, driven by higher unit shipments as well as favorable price and technology mix. Global battery shipments increased 6% year-over-year with both OE and aftermarket up 6%. The growth in OE shipments outpaced market growth as we began shipping units on several new business wins, which we expect to continue over the next several quarters. Aftermarket shipments increased 6% driven primarily by higher demand in Europe, reflecting a benefit of a modest pull forward in customer orders as lead prices began to rise toward the end of the third quarter. Growth in the China aftermarket channel was also strong. We continue to outperform in the China market with units up 30% in both OE and aftermarket as well as across the various technologies. Global shipments of start-stop batteries increased 30% year-over-year with strong growth in the Americas, China and EMEA/LA. Segment EBITA of $310 million increased 7% organically. EBITA margin declined 200 basis points to 16.9%, but this includes a 150-basis-point headwind from FX and lead. Power's underlying margin declined 50 basis points as the higher volume leverage, favorable mix and productivity save were more than offset by planned product investments, startup and launch costs and the continued headwinds from higher transportation and logistic costs. Freight costs do remain at an elevated level; and although, we made further progress in our pricing and productivity initiatives in Q3, we did not fully offset these costs. Looking to Q4, we expect continued margin pressure related to transportation costs in Power Solutions. So turning to slide 14, Corporate expense was down 16% year-on-year to $102 million as we continue to see the benefits of the synergy and productivity savings. For the full year, we now expect Corporate expense to be approximately $415 million, slightly below the low end of the range we previously provided. So turning to cash flow on slide 15, we generated free cash flow of roughly $450 million in the quarter. Excluding approximately $200 million of planned integration and restructuring cash as well as a planned non-recurring tax payment, Q3 adjusted free cash flow was approximately $650 million; two back-to-back quarters of very solid cash flow performance. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow is now $1 billion, up $800 million over the prior year. We are very pleased with our Q3 progress and are on track to deliver our 80%-plus adjusted free cash flow conversion for the year, excluding the net one-time items we've previously discussed with you. It is clear that our cash management office now has traction across the enterprise and is making improvements on various trade working capital initiatives and aggressively managing our CapEx spend. Turning to the balance sheet on slide 16, our balance sheet position continues to improve with net debt down $150 million, sequentially, to $11.7 billion. Our net debt to EBITDA leverage of 2.4 is well within our target range and our net debt to cap declined slightly to 36%. During the quarter, we purchased 1.6 million shares for approximately $60 million, in line with our normal pattern, and this brings our year-to-date to repurchasing 6.5 million shares for just over $250 million. Our outlook for Q4 assumes another $50 million of share repurchases, which will bring the full year to around $300 million, consistent with our original plan. On slide 17, let me touch on just a couple of other items. Our Q3 results do include a favorable impact from a lower effective tax rate. At the beginning of the year, we expected our fiscal 2018 rate to be 14%. Given additional tax planning specific to fiscal 2018, we now expect our annual tax rate to be 13%. This resulted in a $0.01 benefit in the quarter versus our planned rate of 14%. I would also point out that the benefit for Q1 and Q2 has been excluded from our Q3 results and reported as a special item only for this quarter. We do expect the tax rate for Q4 to also be 13% as well as the full year, which will result in a $0.03 benefit versus our previous guidance. Finally, I wanted to touch on a new revenue recognition Accounting Standard that will become effective for Johnson Controls in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. The impact of this Standard on our Buildings business is not significant. For Power Solutions, although there is no material EBIT impact, the reporting classification of battery core returns changes and will now be included as an increase to sales versus a contra cost of sales item, thereby grossing up sales and impacting our EBITA margin rate by 200-plus basis points. Again, this will be effective for Johnson Controls beginning the first quarter of next year and we will provide disclosure on a quarterly basis regarding the revenue gross-up and the related EBITA margin rate impact. With that, let me turn the call back over to George.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, Brian. Before we open up the lines for questions, I wanted to provide a quick update on the tariffs and make a few comments regarding our full year outlook. Starting with slide 18, retaliatory tariffs related to Section 232 Steel and Aluminum were announced at the end of May. As I mentioned on our last earnings call, the direct impact related to steel and aluminum tariffs are nominal and will be fully offset. In terms of Section 301, the first phase of tariffs was enacted in early July. A second phase is currently under comment period. Given the evolving changes, we continue to monitor developments and update our analysis. Included in the tariffs are compressors, electronics, motors and valves, which impact our Buildings businesses. As I mentioned last quarter, we do not expect much of an impact at all in Power Solutions. As part of our ongoing assessment, we are simultaneously identifying mitigating actions to minimize any direct impact. We expect minimal impact in Q4. As we look further ahead, we are well-positioned given our existing global and regional supply chain and sourcing strategies. Additionally, we are actively managing price, both within the Supply Chain and externally. Based on the analysis we have done so far related to our exposure and mitigating actions, we have already worked this down to a very manageable level. We will continue to monitor developments. Turning to slide 19, let me take a minute to highlight a few changes to our underlying assumptions as it relates to our full year guidance. As I mentioned earlier, our operating performance is gaining momentum and we expect an incremental $0.06 benefit related to higher revenue growth. Given our traction with the incremental adds to the sales force, and the productivity we are gaining from our new and existing sales force, our overall investments will be about $0.03 higher than previously planned. Additionally, as Brian mentioned, transportation costs continue to rise, which drives an incremental $0.01 of pressure net of cost recovery. As you can see in the last column, there are various puts and takes between FX and below-the-line items which net a $0.01 benefit. This takes the midpoint of our previous range to $2.81. We are tightening our full year guidance range for diluted earnings per share before special items to $2.80 to $2.82. Again, I am pleased with the underlying momentum in our operations and the improvement in the fundamentals we have been able to achieve this year. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Steven Winoker, UBS Financial. Your line is now open.
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Good morning.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning, Steve.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, so it's good to see the growth, but I want to focus on free cash flow, given I think, George, you said it's how you started most of your meetings. The step up that is implied in the fourth quarter to hit that 80%-plus number, I think it's about $1.1 billion, if my math is right, which is  sounds like the same as last year. But last year, you also had some puts and takes around inventory, et cetera, in the fourth quarter. What are some of those dynamics in this fourth quarter? And maybe you could put that, also, in context of some of the initiatives and actions that are in place.
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, Steve, you're right. Last year in the fourth quarter, we generated $1.1 billion and the implied fourth quarter based upon our 80%-plus this year is also $1.1 billion. Last year, we did have the benefit of having a $100 million reduction in inventory related to the build that we saw in Q3 last year. And there was also a $100 million reduction in the fourth quarter of last year for receivables. So you could argue that the comparable number is really $900 million last year going to $1.1 billion this year. There's really three buckets that bridge that for you. There's probably about $50 million, round numbers, in growth just in income. There's another $50 million that we've got line of sight to in Power Solutions inventory flushing in the quarter. And then, there's another $100 million of very specific CMO initiatives that we've got planned for Q4. So that really kind of bridges you to the $1.1 billion that we expect this year to get us to the 80%-plus free cash flow.
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. On the Building Solutions North America front, you mentioned a lower gross margin conversion on the backlog. Are we  how far through are we kind of the pre current regime new pricing approach? I'm just trying to get a sense for what kind of product I'm looking at in terms of  I mean, what kind of pricing levels I'm looking at here, or were there cost issues or  maybe dig into that a little bit for us?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, Steve, George here. When we started the year, we laid out that we had roughly about 75 basis points of pressure in our backlog in North America. And with that, we laid out a plan here to be much more disciplined in how we're pricing projects and through the year that we'd be able to turn positive. So through the year, that would have amounted to about $40 million of pressure coming through 2018. And about three-quarters of that was felt in the first two quarters. We did see some impact in the third quarter and that's going to  we have a little bit of an impact in the fourth quarter. What's important to note is that the orders that we booked in the year were up about 70 basis points since the beginning of the year that we put into backlog. And more recently, in the quarter we're up 110 basis points. And so, we feel very good about being able to  as we get through this year, position for 2019, that our margin rates will continue to accrete now on a go forward basis with the mix that we put into backlog, with the service mix, and feel very good about that as we move forward. And this has been driven by  we changed the incentive plan this year not only in line with delivering on the revenue or the booked orders, but also making sure that we're focused on booked margins.
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Just before I pass it on, one more question, George. It's been  I guess it's been almost two years since the Tyco deal closed with JCI, so we're normally well into kind of the cost side on synergies. It sounds like revenue is starting to pick up. Maybe just give us a little of an assessment of where you see things as you kind of stand apart in terms of the road map, how far we are  how much  how far you say we have to go, that kind of thing.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah. What I would say is when we started the year, we knew that we had  this was going to be a transitional year. We had lots of headwinds that we needed to overcome; and then, from an operational standpoint, making sure that we're positioned not only for growth, but continued margin improvement across all of the businesses. And what I would tell you, Steve, I'm very pleased with the progress we've made, with the way the team has come together and really focused on fundamentals of the business. We've created this growth machine on the front-end and our ability to be able to not only add capacity, but make sure that we're getting productivity out of that capacity. And that's playing out extremely well. We're getting 8% booked orders in Buildings; and the work that we've done in Power, we've been able to add new platform wins in Power. So that is going extremely well. In the Field businesses, we knew that we needed to pick up service because, with the installed base that we create, we create a lot of value not only for our customers, but for our shareholders with the service growth. We've created a service council and that is going extremely well. And we're going to continue to accelerate there. We've put a big focus on price cost and, although we've had headwind in the first half, I think you can see from the results we've made a lot of progress here over the last nine months. And I'm confident that on a go-forward basis, strategically, we're going to be pricing ahead of cost on a go-forward basis. And then, on the productivity and synergies, we have executed well on the integration and been able to achieve or perform at what we thought we would be able to achieve when we started the merger. I believe that, although we've made a lot of progress now as we've been able to focus the organization on fundamentals, there's still a lot of room for improvement as we continue to not only drive growth, but continue to drive our margin structures to be able to deliver accretive margin rates.
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nigel Coe, Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Nigel Coe - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. Good morning and congratulations, George, on a good quarter.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, Nigel.
Nigel Coe - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. So just wanted to turn to the portfolio, and I understand that probably there's been some reports of interest on (29:47) probably on the call, but maybe just talk about  maybe this is a question for Brian. You've got a large NOL and I'm wondering that if you do decide to spin or sell this asset, to what extent do you think you can utilize that NOL against any gain that you might realize on the sale?
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah. The NOL that exists today would not be available to be used against any gain on the transaction, so  it's specific by jurisdiction, right, so we'd have to unpack all that. But right now, I think we'd look at the major NOL that's disclosed in the footnotes to the financials, which I assume you're referring to, and that would not be available in a meaningful way to offset the tax costs.
Nigel Coe - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, okay. And then, just to follow-on, sticking with Power, so with the revised guidance for this year, and then the impact of the new Account Standard on revenues, are we looking at maybe a 16% to 17% margin for next year, all things being equal? Is that a normalized margin run rate for Power going forward or do you still think high-teens is where this business contracts?
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: You're referring to the Power Solutions margins?
Nigel Coe - Wolfe Research LLC: Yes.
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Power Solutions  the impact of the new standard in fiscal 2019 will be between 200 basis points and 240 basis points, in that range. I mean, it's a gross-up of about 10% to 15% on revenue, and so you do that math off this year's expected margins and that's where we would expect to be in fiscal 2019, plus or minus.
Nigel Coe - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question, Jeffrey Sprague, Vertical Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you, good morning.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good morning, everybody. Hey, just back to Power, just the nature of the deal with Tyco, the inversion and the like, I thought that precluded the ability to do a tax-free spin possibly for a five-year timeframe. Should we assume, if you're moving forward to spin, you've found some way to make it tax free, or is there the possibility that we could be looking at a taxable spin here?
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: So Jeff, when we were referring to the five-year limitation in order to do a tax-efficient spin, that would be based upon a straightforward spin of the Power Solutions business in September of 2021 or beyond. There are structured transactions that could be put together that would potentially allow a spin prior to that time, but when you put together a transaction of that nature, it would be very complex and there could very well be tax risk associated with that structure. And so, one of the things that we're doing as part of this evaluation of our options is also evaluating any tax risk that would be associated with a structured spin. And so, it's an option, but we're evaluating it in line with the other options that are on the table.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: I guess I would take that to then maybe believe the offer on the outright sale side is not that appealing, the fact that you're going down that path?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: No. I mean, as we said right from the start, I mean, this is a great business that  the business is performing well. We're continuing to gain market share. We've got a strong industry position, Jeff, and the fundamentals are, although we've been a little bit pressured here this year because of transportation, are positioned well here for a long-term. And so, as we have looked at this business and with the strategic review we announced back in March, I would say that we're very pleased with the significant progress we have made with this review. As we said in our prepared remarks, we're looking at multiple options: spin, sale versus retaining it. We have been evaluating, as Brian discussed, a tax-efficient spin and, in parallel, discussing with potential buyers. And we do expect, with the progress we've made, that we'll be able to be more definitive here by the release of our Q4 earnings. And so, I think at this point, we don't want to make any further comments until a specific determination has been made, but I would tell you that I'm very pleased with the progress the team has made.
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: I wouldn't read anything into it, Jeff. I think we continue to look at all the options. I wouldn't read anything into the spin versus sale. I think we're trying to look at everything on a detailed basis and we'll conclude that review some time before our earnings call in Q4.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thanks. Totally unrelated, if I could ask another one, just interestingly today, Fortive is spending 20-25 times EBITDA for a business that pulls data off of equipment for facilities management, asset management, and the like. I would think some of that type of information comes off of BMS; some of it might even  some of those capabilities might be resident inside of BMS. I'm not expecting that you saw this Fortive deal this morning, but do you have the capabilities to do that sort of thing in your existing business? And perhaps, give us a little color on that if you do.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Sure. As we have put the businesses together, Jeff, we have an incredible position with our Building Management Systems. And as you've seen the growth as we go-to-market today in multiple systems, we've had strong high-single-digit growth across all of our Building Management Systems. In parallel to that, we're putting all of those systems together into an integrated platform. And we are making incredible progress in being able to simplify the platform, be able to set it up so that we can collect all of the data not only off our platforms, but any other systems that connect to our Building Management, and we can now tailor specific solutions to each of the verticals that we support, depending on the problem that customers want to solve. We're going to  on a go-forward basis, because of the growth that we're achieving in this space, the investments that we're making organically, we're going to be positioned to be able to segment this revenue to show that it is beginning to accelerate in the strategy of putting these businesses together. We're going to be positioned extremely well to be able to support the building in incorporating all of the data that's collected within a building.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Maybe just starting on the Buildings business, George, as you said, you've had some sort of clean-up work to do around gross margins and such over the past nine months or so, but when you're looking forward on Buildings with those issues behind you now that the entity has got to grips with price cost, what kind of incremental margins do you think Buildings can generate with this portfolio mix, leaving aside any remaining cost synergies from the transaction?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Like I said, I'm very pleased with the progress we're making. When you look at our margin structure about  when you look at our product businesses, we're getting nice leverage on our product businesses with the strong growth that we're achieving and the volume mix and productivity is offsetting a significant reinvestment in that business; and that business was up 60 basis points net of that. And so, we see that continuing with the reinvestments that we're making. When you look at the Field businesses, we have, as we discussed, significantly improved our service businesses. We've been focusing not only in segmenting the markets that we serve, building out the sales force, and then building out our field capacity with our technicians. And I would tell you, based on where we started at the beginning of the year and where we are today, we have made incredible progress. We have an installed base that's second to none to be able to mine and be able to build services. The growth that we've achieved in the first half was about 3%. We ramped up to 5% in the third quarter and I see that continuing going forward. And then, the other piece of that is how we're booking installation projects across the board. We're booking at a higher rate, making sure that our sales force is focused on the value that we deliver with the projects that we deploy and ultimately execute on. And with the progress we've made in  I highlighted North America up over 110 basis points in the quarter. The combination of the higher book margins in backlog, the service mix and the leverage we're getting on our technology and investments in our products, the three will combine to very attractive margin accretion here as we go forward.
Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you very much. And then, my second and last question would just be around the EMEA and Latin America region, specifically. The margins there are some way below the other two regions within Building Solutions. Do you see that as anything structural or it just requires a lot of heavy lifting and self-help and you should be able to get to the mid-teens margin range in the medium-term?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah. Our team in EMEA/LA has done an incredible job as we took the businesses, put them together and we've gone through a very large restructure here over the last year. If you look at the overall performance, although it's flat, organic sales in the quarter, service was up 3% and that will continue. Install was down because we did have a lower backlog within our HVAC and Industrial Refrigeration. The orders in the quarter was up 15%, and that's with strong demand both in Industrial Refrigeration and Fire & Security. I have complete confidence with the work  and then, when you look at margins, although reported they're up 60 basis points, they're up 100 basis points ex-FX. With the work that we've done to restructure the business, with the volume that's beginning to come through, we're going to be in a good position here to be able to get much more leverage and to get to much more respectable margin rates on a go-forward basis. And so, I feel very good about the progress we've made over the last nine months.
Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning, Joe.
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So obviously, really nice to see the organic growth acceleration and the investments paying off. George, maybe you can touch on what you think the incremental investment will be in 2019. Where do you plan to continue to invest, whether it be in the sales force or on the product channel side?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yes, so as a percent of revenue, we're going to begin to see leverage on all of these costs as we go into 2019. So recall, this year as we started the year, we were relatively flat last year in our sales force. And so, we've had a significant ramp up here through the course of the year. We have a lot of  from a mix standpoint, we have a lot of new sales leaders and sales people that are now getting up to speed. We're seeing tremendous momentum. And so, on a go-forward basis from a sales standpoint, we now have segmentation of the markets that we're serving. We're making sure we have the right footprint and that we're getting not only the productivity, but we're adding in line with the market growth that we expect. So we've made a lot of progress this year. So on a go-forward basis, you'll see much more leverage on that cost that we've put into place this year and we'll be adding sales to offset attrition and be able to get net productivity and then some incremental sales adds to that. So on that basis, I feel a lot of improvement here as we go forward. On the Products side, as you can see, we're getting tremendous results from the investments that we've made over the last two or three years. And so, I see, as a percentage of revenue, we're going to continue to accelerate our revenue growth and the incremental reinvestment will be levered. We're not  as a percent of revenue will continue to come down. And so, we're beyond where we're adding or reinvesting more heavily than our revenue is growing. I believe that we're now at that peak where we start to see leverage on the investments we're making.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. That's good to hear. And I guess my follow on question, as you kind of think about cash flow next year, obviously there are a bunch of one-time items that you guys have highlighted this year, roughly $800 million to $900 million that are excluded from the cash flow number. How does that number step down in 2019? And are there other opportunities from a working capital perspective that you're working on as well for 2019?
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yes. So as far as 2019, you probably recall we did make a payment related to the Adient spin that was like $1.2 billion or $1.3 billion, and we knew that we were going to get that back in a couple of tranches, one of which we'll get back either in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 or the first quarter of 2020. Assuming we get that back in the fourth quarter  and the reason there's a question on that is because the refund is in that $600 million to $700 million range. And given the size of that, it needs to get special committee approval in order to release that refund to Johnson Controls. And so, we think we'll get it in the fourth quarter, but it could move into the first quarter of 2020. Given that inflow of cash and given the one-time special items that we've got for ongoing restructuring and integration, clearly our adjustments in 2019 should be favorable relative to where we've been historically. So our reported cash flow in fiscal 2019 should actually be better than the adjusted cash flow, because we'll adjust out the one-time refund we get related to the Adient tax payment.
Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, good morning, all.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: George, on revenue synergies relative to the $500 million that was talked about a couple of years ago, how much would you say has been realized to-date at this point?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: So we're tracking well. Originally, when we started we had identified it was about $0.5 billion to $1 billion over time that we'd be able to achieve. I'd say, as we've integrated the teams, we have a much more seamless structure as we're working  as the businesses have come together. I think when you look at our pipeline of opportunities, our pipeline is up over double digit pretty much across the board. And this is a result of these teams now working together. We've segmented the markets to make sure that we're positioned to serve the markets appropriately to capitalize on the growth. The leads come in into a central process, and now the teams are executing well. So it's hard to begin to segment that because now we're operating seamlessly, but I would tell you from a pipeline development it's been a big contributor to being able to create that base that we're working to be able to convert into orders.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So is the way to think about this is there's probably not that much in current backlog, but your quoting staff and that's a function of this targeted focus combining the teams, etcetera. So as yet  more or less yet to come in the backlog?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, we're beginning to see it. I would tell you that if you look at Fire & Security, Fire & Security businesses are up mid-single digits across the board. And I think this is a result of the strong footprint that we had with the customers that we're serving within HVAC & Controls and being able to bring in Fire & Security. So we've had very strong growth in our Fire products with fire detection and suppression up high single digits. And then, when you look at  Security is still up, but up to kind of low to mid-single digits. That is definitely a reflection of these synergies that we're getting in the sales force in being able to create those leads.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Okay. And then, just a quick follow-up on  can you level set us on China, your exposure in Building Solutions percentage of sales. Obviously, that's going to be a headwind here for the time being. How much is that going to eat into some of the improvement you're starting to see in North America on margins as we think about 2019?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah. I'd start by saying we have a extremely strong position in China, both commercially as well as with our residential HVAC. And that's combined with our strong partnerships that we have, our JV partnerships. As Brian talked a little bit about, there are some new competitors. Some of those are local competitors. We are positioned well locally with how we're not only designing new products, but also with our supply chain and manufacturing footprint and being able to serve the market. We are  we have, like I said, a strong position and we're continuing to invest, and I believe from a cost structure standpoint we're going to be well positioned to be able to continue to deliver there. Short term, we have seen some projects that have come through at lower margins, but I don't believe that that's systemic. I believe that the work we're doing, we're going to be able to continue to grow and continue to grow profitably, and we're going to continue to invest.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Deane Dray, RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning, Deane.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, there's lots of discussion about the investments in the sales force. I'm just  I'd be curious to hear what is the typical timeframe for a new salesperson? When do they start being productive? And then, a bit more about the allocation of these resources, are they going after new customers, like middle market? Are they generalists? Is there specialty sales? And maybe some color there because this is a significant investment that you've laid out.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah. So, Deane, we started right out of the gate this year. This was our top focus here. We've lead it with a sales leadership council. We've made incredible progress and it starts with understanding our markets and how we serve our markets, and then making sure that we've got the right sales structure to be able to serve the markets. We've made a tremendous amount of changes in doing that, and then understand, now, where we're adding, we see line of sight to significant growth. And so, with the adds we've made, it typically depends on whether it be installed projects or enterprise type projects, versus, let's say, T&M and service. So there's a varying level of skill sets that we're recruiting to be able to capitalize on what we see as the biggest opportunities. So the cycle time of getting a sales  a new salesperson up to speed, it can be months in the service side or it can be one to two years, depending on the complexity of project sales that we're doing. And so, I would tell you, is that we have metrics across the board. We're actually ahead of our metrics on the onboarding and then the production that we're getting out of our new sales force as well as getting strong performance out of our veteran sales force. And so, what I would tell you is that, based on where we started the year, where we are, we're actually ahead of where we thought we would be.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. And just one follow up on Power, and I can imagine what the answer is, but just  it's worth asking is  you're in this period of, I'll use the word, limbo on the disposition or potential retention of Power. Have you lost any talent? Are the OEs  with the feedback from them of any of your competitors making inroads and using that against you? Doesn't seem like it is, especially in China, but it's worth asking.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Not at all. I mean, let me start  go back to  this is a great business. The people in the business are very proud of the business and very passionate about what they do. We're winning across the board. We're winning in both OE as well as aftermarket. We're winning across the regions, gaining share. The team is executing well. We've minimized the distraction that this has caused within the business. And so, when you have a business like this that is positioned well for a long term, you've got leaders that are very committed and very passionate and are very understanding that as we go through this process, we want to minimize disruption. So we have not seen significant attrition as a result.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's helpful. Thank you.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, Deane.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Operator, I'd like to turn the call over to George for some closing comments.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah. Just to wrap up today's call, I want to thank everyone for joining the call this morning. As you can see, we've made a tremendous amount of progress this year, not only improving our fundamentals, but as we're leading with clarity, simplicity and confidence and certainly look forward to seeing many of you soon. So operator, that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc
Analysts: Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc. Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Johnson Controls second quarter 2018 Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Antonella Franzen, Vice-President and Chief Investor Relations and Communications Officer.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls second quarter fiscal 2018 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. With me today are Johnson Controls Chairman and Chief Executive Officer George Oliver and our Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer Brian Stief. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of today's call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you review today's press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that we have included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions, and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address these items. In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted EBITA and adjusted EBIT margins exclude restructuring and integration costs as well as other special items. These metrics are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to the presentation posted on our website. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Johnson Controls ordinary shareholders was $0.47 for the quarter and included a net charge of $0.06 related to special items. These special items primarily relate to integration costs. Adjusting for these special items, non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.53 per share compared to $0.50 in the prior year quarter. Now let me turn the call over to George.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, Antonella, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call. I would like to begin this morning with a quick review of the strategic highlights in the quarter which will set the tone for this morning's call as well as what you should expect from us over the next couple of quarters. A consistent theme you will hear today is that we are building momentum across the organization. Starting on slide 3, as we have discussed over the past couple of quarters, we have been intently focused on reinvesting for growth, transforming the sales organization, driving synergy and productivity benefits, improving free cash flow conversion, and optimizing our portfolio. Based on the results of the second quarter, I'm even more confident that the steps we have taken and the investments we have made are beginning to pay off. We saw another quarter of strong traction with respect to increasing our sales capacity. In fact, by the end of the quarter, we have already achieved our target to add 400 salespeople net of attrition. Additionally, we are seeing better than expected productivity from our new sales ads which has contributed to increased sales orders. The resegmentation of the sales force along with our initiatives to improve pricing discipline have resulted in an improvement in margins on orders secured and backlog. For example, in the second quarter, margins on new orders booked in North America increased approximately 100 basis points year-over-year, which compares to the 70 basis point improvement we discussed last quarter. Based on the progress made to date and to better position us heading into fiscal 2019, we plan to continue to add sales capacity in select regions and businesses. Consistent with the first quarter, organic growth in our Global Products segment increased 6% year-over-year. The significant investments in capital we have deployed over the past several years into areas such as engineering, R&D, and distribution footprint continue to convert to higher Global Products sales growth, and we expect the momentum to continue as we launch new products and technology into the market. Building service growth increased 3% in the quarter. We made significant progress expanding our commercial capabilities and strengthening operations while increasing our field technician capacity. In Power Solutions, although we have experienced a softer than planned start to the year, I am encouraged by the progress our team has made securing new OE and aftermarket business. We will see the benefits of those wins beginning in the second half as top line growth accelerates to 5-plus percent. The underlying fundamentals within the Power Solutions business are extremely strong, which will help deliver solid volume leverage as growth accelerates. Another area we continue to see very good progress is on the synergies and productivity front. Year-over-year, we had an incremental $0.05 of savings in the quarter and $0.10 year to date, and that will increase in the second half. We continue to expect $250 million or $0.23 of incremental savings in fiscal 2018. In addition to the cost side, we continue to benefit from cross-selling wins. In the quarter, we were awarded a sizable project for our fire and controls products as well as the installation for a new mega-resort in Asia which will include multi-function and convention halls as well as two luxury hotels. This is just one example of the everyday joint efforts of our one team approach. We are also seeing some momentum building on cash conversion, as Brian will discuss a bit later in the call. We generated approximately $300 million in adjusted free cash flow during the first half of fiscal 2018, a significant improvement versus the prior year. Clearly there is more work ahead, but as I have committed to you over the past couple of quarters, improving cash conversion is one of our top priorities. Lastly, I wanted to comment on our ongoing strategic review of Power Solutions. Power Solutions is a strong franchise with very strong positions in proven advanced Battery technologies with long-term relationships with both OE and aftermarket customers around the globe. We continue to work closely with our external advisors, and we are making good progress. We are committed to positioning Power Solutions for long-term success and optimizing shareholder value. Let's turn to slide 4 for a quick look at the macro environment. The macroeconomic environment generally remained favorable across most of our key geographic regions, supported by rising global GDPs. North American non-residential construction markets are growing steadily, led by the institutional verticals. Global demand for our commercial HVAC & Controls products is strong, highlighted by continued order strength in Asia, the Middle East, and North America. The sustained rebound in oil prices continues to ease regional budgetary constraints across the Middle East, and is also driving increased demand for our fire protection and suppression products that serve the harsh and hazardous end markets globally. China remains one of the fastest growth regions. Non-residential construction starts in China remained flat overall with declines in commercial offset by double digit growth in institutional, infrastructure, and industrial verticals. In Power, lower auto production particularly in the U.S. and Europe has put pressure on industry unit shipments year to date. The moderate weather has weakened aftermarket demand. However, China continues to outpace the market and has been a source of growth in both channels. As we look to the back half, we expect production levels to stabilize, and we are encouraged by the pace of new business wins over the last six months. Overall, the underlying fundamentals within most of our key geographies remain supportive of continued order and revenue growth momentum throughout fiscal 2018. Turning over to slide 5, Buildings field orders accelerated again in the quarter, up 7% year on year organically with continued strong quoting activity. This compares to low single digit average growth in fiscal 2017 and 5% growth last quarter. Underlying order strength was broad-based across the three regions as well as all domains including installation and service. Our growth in backlog provides confidence in continued improvement in revenue growth. Turning now to slide 6, let me recap the results for the quarter. Sales of $7.5 billion increased 3% on a reported basis in the quarter and 1% organically led by products and service which, as I mentioned earlier, grew 6% and 3% respectively. Adjusted EBIT of $740 million grew 4% as the impact from the Scott Safety divestiture and anticipated headwind from lower gross margins and incremental investments were more than offset by cost synergy and productivity savings. The headwinds we anticipated played out pretty much as we expected. The conversion of our lower margin backlog in North America resulted in a $10 million headwind. Price/cost was expected to be a $20 million headwind. We actually came in better than expected, less than $10 million, resulting from strong realization on the announced price increases. Between incremental product and sales capacity investments, we planned to spend approximately $30 million in the quarter, and we came in closer to $40 million. Despite those margin pressures in the quarter, EBIT margins expanded 10 basis points year-over-year on a reported basis or 30 basis points excluding the impact of the Scott Safety divestiture, FX, and lead. Adjusted earnings per share came in at $0.53, up 6% over the prior year and in line with the framework we provided you last quarter. In addition, adjusted free cash flow in the quarter was approximately $600 million. Turning to our EPS bridge on slide 7, you can see synergy and productivity savings adding $0.05 to the prior year. Volume and mix added an additional $0.02 driven by solid growth in Buildings and a mix benefit with higher growth in products and service. The cumulative benefit of synergies and volume mix was partially offset by expected gross margin pressure and incremental growth in sales investments. Net FX and other added $0.01. Overall, this resulted in $0.53 in adjusted EPS for the quarter. With that, I will turn it over to Brian to discuss the performance within the segments.
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, George, and good morning. So starting on slide 8, let's take a look at the performance of Buildings on a consolidated basis. You can see sales in the quarter of $5.6 billion increased 2% year-over-year and 2% organically, with Products up 6% and Field down 1% where we saw solid growth in service more than offset by slower backlog conversion on project installations. On the Buildings top line, a 4% headwind from M&A, primarily related to the Q1 divestiture of Scott Safety, was fully offset by the benefit of FX in the quarter. Buildings consolidated EBITA of $630 million was flat year-over-year but up 3% excluding the net impact of the Scott Safety divestiture and FX. Buildings EBITA margin decreased 10 basis points versus prior year to 11.2%, but this includes a 40 basis point headwind from the divestiture of Scott Safety. On a normalized basis, the EBITA margin expanded a solid 30 basis points. As you can see in the margin waterfall, the combined 130 basis point benefit from cost synergy and productivity savings, volume, and mix was partially offset by 100 basis points from the expected Q2 headwinds related to conversion of lower margin backlog, price/cost pressure, and incremental product and sales capacity investments, all generally in line with the Q2 expectations we set for you last quarter. As George mentioned, organic field orders increased by a strong 7% year-over-year with backlog up 6% to $8.5 billion. Now let's review each segment within Buildings in more detail. Turning to slide 9, North America, sales of $2.1 billion grew 1% organically driven by low single digit growth in our commercial HVAC & Controls businesses and modest growth in our Fire & Security business. We did see our Solutions business down low single digits in the quarter. Overall service revenue grew 3% organically with installation revenue up modestly. North America adjusted EBITA of $244 million increased 7% year-over-year and EBITA margins expanded 60 basis points to 11.6%, but I would note that this includes a 50 basis point benefit due to a lost contract charge that we talked with you about in the prior-year quarter. Excluding that benefit, the underlying margin expanded 10 basis points as the benefits of synergies and productivity, volume, and mix were substantially offset by the 70 basis point headwind from the planned lower margin backlog conversion and our sales force investments. Orders in North America increased 4% organically, including improved margins on those orders, and we saw strong order intake in both our conventional HVAC install and service business as well as Fire & Security. Backlog of $5.3 billion increased 5% year-over-year. So let's move to slide 10, EMEA/LA. As expected, sales of $907 million declined 3% organically given the lower project backlog we had entering fiscal 2018 in Europe and the Middle East. Europe declined in the low single digits, driven primarily by lower installation revenue in Industrial Refrigeration and HVAC. However we did see double digit order growth in Q2, led by demand for Fire & Security and Industrial Refrigeration. In the Middle East, revenues declined mid-single digits driven by a decline in HVAC installation while in Latin America, revenues increased low single digits led by the strength in our subscriber business. Adjusted EBITA of $78 million declined 1% and EBITA margins declined 30 basis points to 8.6% as our productivity savings and cost synergies were more than offset by the volume deleverage. Orders in EMEA/LA increased a very strong 10%, led by growth in continental Europe and Latin America with backlog up to $1.7 billion. Moving to APAC, sales of $586 million declined 2% organically due to high single digit declines in installation activity, but this was versus a tough compare of a 12% increase last year. This was partially offset by high single digit growth in service. Adjusted EBITA of $71 million increased 6% with related margins expanding 20 basis points including a 40 basis point headwind related to foreign currency. The underlying margin increased 60 basis points, reflecting cost synergies and productivity save and favorable mix partially offset with costs associated with our ongoing sales force additions. Asia PAC orders also increased 10%, and I would just comment that it was up 5% excluding one unusually large order we secured in Q2. The 5% was driven by solid increases in service, Industrial Refrigeration and HVAC, and our backlog now is up 15% to $1.5 billion. So let's turn to slide 12 and go through Global Products. Their organic sales increased 6% to $2 billion with mid-single digit growth in Building Management and HVAC & Refrigeration Equipment and low teens growth in Specialty Products. Let me provide you with a bit more color on each of these businesses. In Building Management, we saw solid growth across the board in controls, fire detection, and security. In HVAC & Refrigeration Equipment, North American residential HVAC grew revenue in the high teens despite a tough compare in the prior year of plus 19%, very strong performance by our North America residential team. Global residential HVAC which includes sales through our consolidated Hitachi JVs with operations in Japan and Taiwan increased mid-single digits in the quarter. Light commercial HVAC was up low single digits against a tough compare in the prior-year quarter. Our VRF business in Asia saw low single digit organic growth in the quarter but we did see strong double digit growth in our unconsolidated Hitachi joint ventures in China. Industrial Refrigeration also had a very strong quarter with double digit growth while our applied HVAC distribution increased modestly as growth in North America and the Middle East was partially offset by a decline in EMEA/LA. Low teens growth in Specialty Products was driven primarily by increased demand for fire suppression in North America and APAC. Segment EBITA of $237 million declined 6%, reflecting the impact of the Scott Safety divestiture, with related EBITA margins declining 100 basis points. However, this includes 120 basis point headwind related to Scott Safety. The underlying segment margin expanded 20 basis points to 11.6% as the benefits from cost synergies and productivity and volume leverage was more than offset by 110 basis points related to the planned product and channel investments and the 40 basis points of price/cost pressure we've talked to you about before. So let's move to slide 13, Power Solutions. Sales of $1.8 billion declined 2% organically as favorable price and technology mix was more than offset by a decline in unit shipments. Our global battery shipments declined 5% year-over-year with declines in both OE and aftermarket. The overall 2% decline in OE shipments is in line with lower global auto production in the quarter. Aftermarket shipments declined 6%, primarily due to Q2 weather impacts in the U.S. and Europe. We continue to outperform in the China market with units up mid-teens and continued strong growth in both OE and aftermarket. I would also note that in Q2, we did see global shipments of start-stop batteries increase 14% year-over-year with another strong growth quarter in the Americas and China and a modest increase in EMEA. Segment EBITA of $314 million increased 4% with related margins declining 90 basis points year-over-year to 17%, but again this includes a 60 basis point headwind from FX and lead. Powers underlying margin declined 30 basis points as favorable mix and productivity savings were more than offset by product investments, start-up and launch costs, and increased transportation and logistic costs, all planned for the quarter. As expected, we continue to see higher freight costs in Q2, while this headwind declined as we moved through the quarter, and we do not expect this headwind to be significant in the back half of the year. Let's move to slide 14. Corporate expense was down a strong 14% year-over-year to $110 million as we continue to see the benefits of synergy savings and productivity savings. For the full year, we continue to expect corporate expense in the range of $425 million to $440 million. Turning to slide 15 on free cash flow, we generated free cash flow of approximately $400 million in the quarter. Excluding $200 million of integration restructuring cash, adjusted free cash flow was a solid $600 million, primarily reflective of timing between the quarters in fiscal 2018. Free cash generated in the first half was essentially flat on a reported basis but $300 million on an adjusted basis. We are clearly beginning to see the early benefits of the cash management office and are on track to deliver the 80%-plus adjusted free cash flow conversion for the year. Moving to the balance sheet on slide 16, our balance sheet position continues to improve with net debt down another $100 million in the quarter to $11.8 billion. Our net debt to EBITDA leverage of 2.5 times is now within our target range and our net debt-to-cap declined slightly to 36.2%. Finally, during the quarter, we repurchased 1.3 million shares for approximately $50 million, in line with our normal pattern. For the first half, we have now repurchased 4.9 million shares for around $200 million and our outlook for the back half of fiscal 2018 assumes another $100 million of share repurchase as originally planned. I would just comment in summary here that from my perspective, it was a very solid quarter from an operational standpoint, and we've got clear momentum building in each of our businesses and across all of our key initiatives as we look to the second half of fiscal 2018. So with that, let me turn it back over to George.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, Brian. Before we open up the line for questions, I wanted to make a couple of comments on the impact of tariffs and what we are seeing related to price/cost. Starting with tariffs on slide 17, as you are aware, Section 232 steel and aluminum tariffs were enacted in March of 2018. Our direct buy of steel and aluminum totals approximately $225 million on an annual basis. All steel purchases are sourced in-country and 70% of our aluminum needs are supplied in-country. As such, the direct impact related to steel and aluminum tariffs are nominal and will be fully offset. We are reviewing the proposed Section 301 tariffs. Given the fluid nature of the proposal, we continue to monitor developments and update our analysis. Included in the proposal are motors in various electronic components which would impact our Buildings businesses. We would not expect much of an impact at all in our Power Solutions business. As part of our ongoing assessment, we are simultaneously identifying mitigating actions to minimize any direct impact. Based on the analysis we have done so far related to our exposure in mitigating actions, we have already worked this down to a very manageable level. The more relevant impact from the recent tariff discussions has been on raw material inflation and our price/cost position. As I mentioned earlier, we entered the March quarter planning for a price/cost headwind of $20 million to $25 million based on the raw material inflation we were projecting at the time. Despite slightly higher material inflation during the quarter, we exited the second quarter with a price/cost headwind of less than $10 million with the outperformance driven primarily by achieving higher price realization. We have announced a couple rounds of price increases so far in fiscal 2018 across various product categories and end markets. For example, as many of you are aware, we proactively announced a 5% to 12% increase in North American based unitary and applied HVAC equipment to get in front of some of the recent material inflation. We have made good progress yielding price so far this year, which will continue over the course of the year, and we expect to be in a net positive price/cost position in the second half. As we roll forward our outlook on price/cost for the full year, factoring in continued inflationary headwinds and our expectations for price realization in the back half, we are currently tracking ahead of plan relative to our guidance for a $40 million headwind for the year. Translating that to a margin rate, $40 million would equate to roughly a 50 basis point headwind to Global Products margin and a 20 basis point headwind to the consolidated Buildings margin. Between the pricing actions we have road mapped in our plan and the incremental direct materials productivity, we have an opportunity to close the gap even further. Turning to slide 18, let me take a minute to highlight a few changes to our underlying assumptions as it relates to our full-year guidance. As I mentioned earlier, our operating performance is on track. First half results played out largely as anticipated, underlying fundamentals continued to improve and we are building momentum across the organization. We have a strong and growing backlog in Buildings, and the quality of the backlog continues to improve. The changes we have made to the sales and service organizations are helping to drive increased order pipelines, and service growth has returned to more normal levels. We are beginning to see more material returns on our investments in products with growth continuing to accelerate. And although commodity inflation is higher than we anticipated at the start of the fiscal year, we have strong pricing and productivity actions in place and we are in a position to drive positive price/cost variances in the back half. In Power, we have secured key new customer wins and order activity which should begin to flow through the back half. With all of this said, we are well positioned for the second half, and I am confident in our ability to deliver on our full-year commitments. We have slightly adjusted our revenue expectations for the year, factoring in additional FX and lead tailwinds, but continue to expect overall organic growth in the low single digit range for the year. No changes to our underlying assumptions within the consolidated Buildings segment. Given the sustained rise in lead versus our initial plan, we are updating our revenue and associated margin impact for Power. Despite the volume pressures in the first half, we are on track for low single digit organic growth for the year. Given the continued rise in lead prices year-over-year, we have adjusted our lead assumption for Power from $2100 per metric ton to the expected average for the year of $2445 per metric ton. As you know, lead is a pass-through cost. The increase in lead prices will increase our top line, but has minimal impact on our EBIT dollars and therefore no impact to adjusted earnings per share. However, this does put 70 basis points of incremental pressure on Power Solutions margin rate. Additionally, some of the headwinds we saw in Power in the first half related to transportation is an incremental 40 basis points. As Brian mentioned, we do not expect transportation costs in Power Solutions to have a significant impact on our second half performance. As I mentioned earlier, we expect Power Solutions top line to grow 5-plus percent organically in the second half which will lever very nicely. On a reported basis, we expect Power Solutions margin to be down 100 to 120 basis points year-over-year, again primarily related to the flow-through of increased lead prices. We are reaffirming our full-year adjusted earnings per share guidance range of $2.75 to $2.85 which represents a 6% to 10% increase year-over-year. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: And our first question is from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning, Julian.
Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning. Maybe just a question firstly on the slide 24 with the first half/second half bridge items. So I just wanted to double-check that we're thinking about it roughly the right way. The gross margin and investment pressures in the first half were collectively about $0.13, I think, year-on-year. So do we assume that those shrink sort of drastically in the second half as a year-on-year headwind and then you get an extra sort of $0.04 or $0.05 each from currency and extra synergies? Is that the right way to get to that $0.13 tailwind?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, so, Julian, I'll take that. When you look at our performance, we typically are 40%/60% split first half and second half. This year, we are a little bit more skewed to the second half, about 38% on the first half, 62% on the second half. And so as you look at  and as we planned the year, we knew we had a lot of headwinds in the first half, and those headwinds were the backlog conversion on gross margins coming through mainly in the first half and a little bit in the second half. We had the price/cost pressure of about $40 million, most of which was in the first half, we're going to turn positive in the second half. The sales force investments were weighted to the first half as we added significant capacity within our sales channels. And the product investments also were weighted to the first half. And then when you take into account the transportation headwind that we had in Power, and then net all of that with the productivity and synergies, when you look at that, we had headwind of about $0.02 in the first half. As you play out the year as we begin to accelerate our  we begin to convert backlog, we continue with strong product growth, we accelerate service and we start to pick up significant volume in our Power business, when you look at the overall benefit in the second half, it's about $0.13. And so the net impact of first half to second half is a delta of about $0.15.
Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Understood. Thank you. And then just within the free cash flow, as my follow-up, was there any particular color between the two segments in terms of that better free cash flow performance in Q2 or were the improvements in cash pretty even across Buildings as well as Power?
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Think it was generally spread pretty evenly across the businesses. We did see a slight increase in inventory in Power Solutions as a result of some of the lower volumes we talked about. But they did a really nice job on the receivable front in Power Solutions and as well as the Buildings performance in receivables was strong as well. The reason that we've commented that this is really timing between the quarters is there is a little bit of pull-forward, I would say, on the collection of receivables, and we pulled forward a bit of our harmonization of our vendor payment terms in the Buildings business as well. And I would also say that when you look at the CapEx delta between first half, second half, there might be $50 million to $100 million worth of timing there as well. But we're still going to spend the $1.3 billion for the year.
Julian Mitchell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Steven Winoker from UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning, all.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. So I just wanted to spend some more time on the cash question. Again, obviously, there's a lot of investor skepticism or has been around the ability of JCI to drive sustained cash flow conversion improvement. And while it's early days and you just addressed across segments, George, maybe talk about the cultural shift. And I'm not sure I  I understand the CapEx dynamic that you talked about, but I don't see why you wouldn't be able, even if there was a little bit of timing here, why you wouldn't be able to sort of sustain into 2019 some of the actions that are going on now given kind of the major improvements in the organization on this front.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, so I would start, Steve, that this, as I said in my prepared remarks, this is one of the top priorities for the company, and this topic comes up in every meeting that we have and is front-and-center as far as a deliverable for all of our teams across the businesses. And so what I would say is we're making  and we've put the accountability of the cash, we've reinforced that with all of our incentives across the business. So we definitely are going through a cultural change. This is front-and-center. And no matter what element of cash, I can tell you that wherever I go across the globe, whether it be sales leaders making sure that they're enabling and helping to collect on the receivables, whether we're looking at entitlements of inventory and pushing out production and balancing production more with our sales demand, whether it's our sourcing teams that are matching our payables in line with our contract terms, we've made significant progress. And so I would tell you that every step of the way, we've got full engagement. We've got the accountabilities in place. We've got the incentives reinforcing that. And I would tell you we are making really good progress.
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. George, that's helpful.
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: And, Steve, on CapEx, if you look at the first six months of the year, our CapEx was about $500 million, and our guide for the year is $1.3 billion. And so I would just tell you that there's still going to be spend closer to the $1.3 billion level for the full year, but there probably has been a bit of a delay on a few projects that have moved from what were planned to be in the first half of the year to the back half of the year. But the guide is still $1.3 billion.
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then you mentioned last quarter, I think you had about 30 basis points in backlog margin expansion due to some of the initiatives. Where are you now?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, we're making good progress, Steve. As I said last quarter, we had booked margins about 70 basis points better. This was a big focus in North America. That's where the pressure was coming into the year. We had roughly $40 million of pressure, which was about 75 basis points on a backlog in North America that was about $5.2 billion. And so with that performance in the first quarter, we had increased the margin and backlog about 30 basis points. This quarter in Q2, we were able to book margins about 100-plus basis points, and that brought up the margin in backlog about 40 basis points. And so that gives us a lot of confidence that, as we now project the turn of these orders in the margin, we're going to start to see a pickup in the margin rate on a go-forward basis.
Steven Winoker - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. All right. That's helpful. I'll go back in queue. Thanks.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. How are you?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Hi, Steve. Good.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I think you mentioned the applied business on revenue was kind of low-single digits, I guess, in North America in the quarter. What were the orders for your applied business in North America? Just roughly year-over-year?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, so orders, when you look at our  we track our products, our applied products as well as the revenues that are achieved in our channels across the globe. And orders were up about 5%, mid-single digits roughly across the base. We are seeing, if you look at the overall applied HVAC equipment revenue globally, we're actually up about 2%, and that includes all of our revenues achieved with the applied technology and conversion of that into projects. And what's very encouraging, as you all know that we've launched our new chiller, and when you look at the chiller orders coming through in the second quarter, we're seeing very strong demand. And so that's across all of the  most of the regions. We're seeing very strong demand and I'm projecting that that's going to continue with the success that we've seen to date.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And as far as pricing in commercial, I mean, obviously, all you guys are doing a good job of banking on offsetting this raw material headwind in the second half. I would assume that means commercial pricing is holding up reasonably well?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Absolutely. Absolutely. You saw the price increases we've taken. I can tell you we have a regular rhythm of not only with the increases that have been made, making sure that we're getting the full yield on those increases. And what I would tell you is that we're progressing very well. And that gives me confidence that we're going, from a price/cost standpoint as we get through the second half, we're going to have positive price/cost in the second half.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. One last one. Seasonality on the rest of the year, should we assume that 3Q and 4Q are normal seasonally from an EPS perspective? Or is there anything that's slipping in and out of either quarter to make that performance unusual?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: No. Except for some of the headwinds and tailwinds that we discussed earlier in the call, what I would say is that we have normal seasonality with volumes coming through. We are seeing good progress, as I said, with products. I'm very encouraged by the new product launches and the technology we're bringing into the market. The 6% was strong. And a note on products, we actually had a 9% increase in Fire & Security products within the quarter. And so the investments that are being made are paying out. The service we brought within the field businesses, the importance of service and the ability to be able to create more value for our customers, at the same time being able to really drive mix. And that 3% service growth we're looking to continue to expand that as we go through the second half. And then we begin to see the turn on our installation base, and so that's where we've been a little bit behind where I'd like to be to date. But with the backlog that's been built, we're up 6% and the margins in backlog are better. That's going to start to come through. And then in Power, we'll see the normal pick up here on the volumes in the third and fourth quarter and a lot of that is in anticipation for the next season here with replacement batteries and the like. And so I am encouraged that when you look at the year-on-year, we're going to continue to see momentum, and we'll be well positioned to deliver on the commitments.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Steve, just the one thing I would add in terms of as you're modeling out Q3 and Q4, keep in mind that Q3 is the seasonal high for Hitachi so we typically have a higher non-controlling interest number in the third quarter.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Jeffrey Sprague of Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good day, everyone.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Hi, Jeff.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hey George, just back to the idea of backlog margins. What has the experience been recently on execution of backlog, right? These are booked margins, but you've got a lot of new people and new organizations executing on projects. Has the actual experience versus booked expectation been playing pretty much as you've expected?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Absolutely, Jeff. What I would say is that we always  when we book, we always do better than what we book through execution. We've been very much focused, especially with some of the headwinds in what we're doing from a productivity standpoint, to be able to continue to bring down the cost of the conversion of the project. And so I'm encouraged. This is something we're going pretty deep into to make sure that as we're projecting the cost of these projects with the inflationary pressure that we have seen, that we've got that grounded and then we're taking other actions whether it be through sourcing or other execution that we can not only meet the margins but continue to execute better through execution. So I'm encouraged that that trend is continuing. Like I said, we went into the year, we had some pressure, but as we're now remixing the backlog and beginning to convert, we're now starting to see the pickup in the margin rate.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: I was also wondering, the last couple years we've seen kind of an elongated disconnect between orders and actual sales conversion. Do you see that normalizing in the next several quarters? Or is there something in the nature of the business, bigger projects? Or how should we think about order growth or backlog growth converting to sales growth the next few quarters, let's say?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, so what I would tell you is that as we looked at the backlog, there were  last year there were some larger orders that were longer cycle projects that ultimately has created the pressure as we get into 2018. What I would tell you is that through the sales excellence that we have driven across the businesses, we're now segmenting our sales team with the proper incentives. So we're getting the full mix of the overall projects. And so you have transactional projects, you've got long term, you've got upgrades, you've got longer-term developments. And what I would tell you is that through that process with the sales excellence that we've been driving, we're getting much better line of sight to the mix of projects that we're putting into backlog. And so, therefore, you can then project on a go-forward basis how that backlog is going to convert. So I would tell you that on a go-forward basis, those two lines over a cycle will start to converge.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And then just finally from me, you said the strategic review you're making progress. Obviously it hasn't come to conclusion or you'd have an announcement, but how do you define progress? Does that mean you're seeing avenues to do something more tax efficient? Or you're seeing more combination options than you originally conceived? What if anything does that really indicate?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, I would start, Jeff, by saying we are working closely with advisors, with our board. When we launch this, we're going to look at all opportunities and ultimately how do we position the business not only long-term but also to create the most amount of shareholder value. When we announced this, we said we would provide an update when the process was finalized. We're right in the middle of the process, working through it, and so there's not much more I can add at this point. But, certainly, as we reach a decision and complete the analysis, we'd be positioned to be able to update and communicate to all of you.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Great. Thanks a lot.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, Jeff.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Gautam Khanna of Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey. I was curious if you could expand upon the field order growth that you saw, the plus 7%, and just thinking about how much was the lift due to better pricing, if you will. Because when I look at the next couple quarters, you have fairly easy comparisons in terms of field order growth. I'm just wondering like what the pricing actions will net us just before even considering volume?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, so when you look at what we're going to be yielding here in the second half, we have been ramping up pricing not only in how we're pricing projects, but also when we talk price/cost. It's mainly focusing on our product businesses. What I would say is in the second half, we're going to be continuing to get a lift here in margins. So on the sales orders secured, we're probably picking up 1% to 2% as far as real pricing within that backlog. And then, as we're converting, we're executing better on that and achieving better margins. And so there could be  on the overall pricing side, could be 1% or 2% impact to the overall booked orders.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. Brian, I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more granularity on what we should anticipate for free cash flow in Q3 versus Q4. And then, if you can update us on the recovery timing of the tax payment related to Adient this year and next. I remember some of it moved into next year, but if you could quantify it?
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: So the Adient tax payment, we received $200 million, as you know, Gautam, in the first quarter of this fiscal year. We expect the remaining portion, around $700 million, to be received either in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 or the first quarter of fiscal 2020. There really isn't an update on the timing yet. It really depends on how it goes through committee and what that process will entail. Given the size of the refund, it's one that could move from one quarter to the other, but we're confident that we're going to get that money by the end of calendar 2019. As it relates to cash flow, first half, second half, we had $300 million outflow Q1, $600 million cash inflow Q2. I would expect Q3 cash flow to be within the range of Q2 cash flow. And then, we would finish it out in Q4, which is always our strongest cash quarter to get to the 80%-plus free cash flow conversion.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. Good luck, guys.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Andrew Kaplowitz of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning, guys.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Hey. Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): George, if we think about the Building business over the last couple years, it's obviously had some noise, whether it be the salesforce integration or the lower margin project backlog. But it does seem like in the last couple of quarters, the noise level in the business has started to die down. So can you talk about your confidence level that JCI really is out of the woods in terms of bigger noise in Buildings quarters, and now you have good visibility into what's really going on in the overall business?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, as I've discussed here in my prepared remarks, as well as through the Q&A, we have made significant progress in getting to fundamentals of the businesses that are totally visible across the organization and ultimately is what we're focused on in driving improvement. And that starts right from the sales process and making sure that we're now all on one common system, tracking pipeline development, conversion of pipeline to orders, understanding the segmentation of those orders, large projects, small projects, service, service contracts, transactional service. And so we now have line-of-sight to how we're now taking our strategic initiatives. We're bringing those to market, and we're ultimately now converting those from a sales standpoint. From an operations standpoint, as far as margin structure, we know exactly what's coming through our margin structure. And as a result, we've been very proactive in taking pricing actions to be able to offset the inflationary pressures we've had. And normally, we get very strong productivity which, in addition to that, contributes to increased margins year-on-year. And then the last is the conversion of cash, as Brian talked about, getting the fundamentals across the businesses, line-of-sight with the accountability throughout every functional organization and then across each of the businesses so that we know exactly how we ultimately deliver on the cash. And so what I would tell you is that the visibility, the accountability, the incentives that are in place all position us to be able to deliver on those fundamentals and deliver on the commitments we've made.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks for that, George. And can you quantify how much of the new  you mentioned original equipment and aftermarket ones in Power Solutions that will help you inflect to grow 5% in the second half of the year. As you guys know, it's been a more difficult business to forecast lately. So what's the visibility there? How much do these new wins help you in the second half of the year? And how exposed is the business going to be to weather, as it always is?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, so we're certainly we're positioned well across the globe with very strong positions. We have a pretty good line-of-sight to what our customers are doing, not only in the OE base, but also as we serve the aftermarket. And so we work very closely in understanding what they're projecting on point of sale and what do we need to do to make sure that they've got the inventory to be able to achieve their sales plans. And then as we go through that planning, we then make sure as we're executing, we balance that with the ability to pivot if we need to, depending on how volumes come through. And so what I would tell you is through the early phase here, we've done that with all of our customers, both OE as well as aftermarket, and all of that suggests that, given what I would tell you, is that with the softer demand that we saw in this last cycle, some of that converts to higher demand depending on how the weather plays out in the next cycle. And so making sure that we are positioned to capitalize on that opportunity and then working closely with each of our customers to make sure that they have the right supply, the right service to ultimately fulfill the sales for them.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: And, Andy, it's Antonella. The only thing that I would add is keep in mind that OE production decline started last year in Q3. So as we get into our second half of this fiscal year, that starts to stabilize as well.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. And it's fair to say this is an unusually high amount of wins that you got in the quarter? That's kind of why you called it out?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: That's correct. Absolutely.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks, guys.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Deane Dray from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey. Could we just stay on the Power Solutions topic? And George, could you just put a finer point on some of the nuances when we talk about weather? How precise can you get? Is this on a degree-day basis versus normal weather patterns? Just what is that visibility and how does that translate?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, so there's some correlation there, and what we've been working to do is try to make it a little bit tighter. But what I would tell you is the way the battery fails is you have a severe heat, and then you have severe cold. And a normal cycle in a winter, you typically have two or three cycles of severe cold. And therefore, that's what makes batteries fail. This year, when you look at what happened in the two big bases that we have within Europe and North America, we didn't have those cycles. And so therefore it did impact our volumes in those two key markets. And so what I would tell you, Deane, that we always hope to have a nice hot spell in the summer and then two or three cold spells in the winter, and that typically is what correlates to the failure of batteries and ultimately our demand.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. Well, it looks like New York is about to get its first hot spell this week. So that may bode well. And then just a follow-up. On the point regarding the better margins in backlog, I'm curious to hear what internally are you doing in terms of like the traffic cop on what types of projects will you pass on? Is it an iterative process on pricing, or it's just, hey, this business does not have enough follow-through in a potential aftermarket? But just the kind of decision-making on what projects you'll reject.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, Deane, what I would say is our goal is not to reject projects, our goal is to make sure that we're positioned with the right solution that leverages our technology and capabilities so that we can create the value that the customer is expecting, and then we ultimately get paid for that value. So there's different levels of solutions that we bring into the market leveraging our technology. And so what I would tell you is that there's a lot more discipline upfront now relative to how we serve the customer and ultimately develop the projects that ultimately will fulfill their need. And so with that, there's incentives from a sales incentive standpoint that's incentivizing our sales teams to get that margin upfront, right, and that ties to making sure that we've got the right solution, the right product and that ultimately we book it at that rate. And so it isn't necessarily walking away from volume, it's making sure that we've got the right proposal, that we're pricing that proposal and then ultimately converting that to higher secured margins.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's helpful. Thank you.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: All right. Operator, as we're at the top of the hour, I'm going to pass it over to George for some closing comments.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: All right. Thanks again, everyone, for joining our call this morning. As I said, we are building momentum. I do expect a very strong second half earnings and cash flow, and I'll certainly look forward to seeing many of you soon.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Operator, that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for joining today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-01-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Antonella Franzen - Vice President, Investor Relations George Oliver - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brian Stief - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research  Steven Winoker - UBS Steve Tusa - JPMC Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Tim Wojs - Baird Noah Kaye - Oppenheimer Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Welcome to Johnson Controls First Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will turn the call over to Antonella Franzen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls first quarter fiscal 2018 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. With me today are Johnson Controls Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of todays call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you review todays press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that we have included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted EBITA and adjusted EBIT margins exclude restructuring and integration costs as well as other special items. These metrics are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Johnson Controls ordinary shareholders was $0.25 for the quarter and included a net charge of $0.29 related to special items. These special items primarily relate to restructuring and impairment cost as well as the net impact from U.S. tax reform partially offset by the gain on sale from the Scott Safety divestiture which closed early in the quarter. Adjusting for these special items, non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.54 compared to $0.53 in the prior year quarter. Now, let me turn the call over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Antonella and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on todays call. I thought I would start today by providing you with an update on the progress we have made with respect to some of the strategic priorities I laid out for you last quarter. Beginning on Slide 3, first we made some additional changes to our Board in the quarter. At our most recent Board meeting in December, we formally welcomed our newest director, John Young who currently serves as Group President of Pfizer Innovative Health. Additionally, we announced the retirement of two longstanding board members effective as of the upcoming Annual Shareholders Meeting in early March. On behalf of my fellow board members and the executive management team, I would like to personally thank Natalie Black and David Abney for their many years of dedicated service to Johnson Controls and wish them all the best. We also nominated two new board members Gretchen Haggerty who served as CFO of U.S. Steel before retiring in 2013 and Simone Menne who served most recently as CFO at Boehringer Ingelheim and as CFO of Lufthansa prior to that. Both nominees bring decades of senior leadership experience and a deep financial acumen. I look forward to their joining the board and to leveraging their expertise in the coming years. As we mentioned last quarter, we expected the Compensation Committee to make a number of changes to executive incentive plans in an effort to more closely align with shareholder expectations. Those changes have been made in beginning in fiscal year 2018 executives annual incentive compensation plans are tied to three key performance metrics: organic revenue growth, EBIT growth, and free cash flow conversion. We are off to a strong start on our initiative to increase sales capacity. Net of attrition, we added 180 new sales team members during the quarter and we are well on our way to reaching our target for the year of 400 net adds. Although we are still in the early stages as it relates to the changes we are making across the sales organization within buildings, I am very encouraged by the results we are seeing so far. We are also beginning to see the initial benefits of driving improved gross margins in backlog. Our field teams are more disciplined on pricing new projects and more focused on driving stronger service growth. As a result, we are improving our booked margin rate on new orders as well as accelerating service growth which will help alleviate some of the margin pressure in the field organization as the year progresses. We saw solid organic top line growth across the buildings platform which grew 4% organically in the quarter, admittedly on our easiest comparison of the year. But the underlying trends across each of our businesses are promising and should provide us some momentum as we go forward. I am very encouraged on the progress we have made in expanding our services. We have been adding both sales and technician capacity and it is beginning to pay off with service growth accelerating to 3%. Next, we have implemented our internal cash management office and the team is actively engaged with the business units as well as external advisors in an effort to improve cash generation and management. I have made this our top priority for the company in fiscal 2018 and we have the right team in place to deliver. As I mentioned last quarter we will continue to look at the portfolio ensuring we are allocating resources in areas where we can generate the highest returns and divesting businesses that are non-core. Lastly, I wanted to highlight a number of truly innovative new products recently launched. As I have been communicating with many of you over the last six plus months, Johnson Controls entered into a significant product development base roughly 3 years ago. And we are beginning to see some of the fruits of our labor here on Slide 4. I want to spend time on each one of these, but I do want to call your attention to the breath of product categories across building technologies launched within the quarter over the last few weeks. We have a steady pace of product launches planned for 2018 across the buildings portfolio with expanded AGM battery offerings within power solutions. Turning to Slide 5, I do want to spend a minute highlighting our new York YZ centrifugal chiller which was launched in early January. The YZ represents a significant milestone in our product development journey. It will become the new flagship in our chiller portfolio. Our engineers have spent the past 3 years analyzing, designing and optimizing each component. Turn it around the next gen low GWP refrigerant to create the highest efficiency centrifugal chiller on the market today. With its mag bearing driveline, variable speed drive and our OptiView control panel we have created what will be the new industry standard when it comes to reliability, energy saving and service capabilities. I have the opportunity to spend some time with key customers and distributors at the AHR Expo in Chicago last week. And I can tell you the feedback was overwhelmingly positive, not just about the YZ, but for the entire HVAC and controls products suite. I am extremely proud of the work our engineering and R&D teams are doing around the globe. And I am confident we are investing in the technologies and channels necessary to accelerate top line growth over time. Lets turn to Slide 6, the macroeconomic environment remains generally favorable across most of our key geographic regions supported by rising global GDPs. North American non-residential construction markets are growing steadily, led by the institutional vertical. Global demand for our commercial HVAC and controls products is strong, highlighted by recent strength in Asia, the Middle East and North America. The sustained rebound in oil prices is helping to ease budget constraints. It even released some large infrastructure projects, especially in the Middle East and is also driving demand for our fire protection and suppression products that served the harsh and hazardous end markets. China remains one of the fastest growth regions, although pricing remains competitive, particularly in HVAC. We remain focused upon developing innovative new products and expanding our channel presence and we are gaining share as a result. In Power, we continue to see increased adoption of our start-stop technologies globally and are well-positioned to address the increased electrification in vehicles. OE production is a soft spot, particularly in the U.S. and Europe and we would anticipate that to continue in the near-term. That said we are fully committed to serving our customers and channel partners worldwide and our technology capabilities enable us to consistently outperform the market. Overall, I would say the economic landscape is supportive of continued order and revenue growth momentum throughout fiscal 2018. Moving to Slide 7, field orders accelerated in the quarter to 5% year-over-year organically compared to the low single-digit average we experienced in fiscal 2017. Underlying order strength was broad-based across the three regions as well as all domains, including installation and service. Brian will provide more color by segment in just a few minutes. Turning now to Slide 8, let me recap the results for the quarter. Sales of $7.4 billion increased 5% on a reported basis in the quarter and 3% organically led by strong performance across our building platform. As expected, adjusted EBIT of $748 million declined 1% as the impact from the Scott Safety divestiture and anticipated headwinds from lower gross margins and incremental investments more than offset cost synergy and productivity realization. EBIT margins declined 60 basis points year-over-year on a reported basis or 30 basis points excluding the impact of the Scott Safety divestiture, FX and lead. Despite the anticipated margin pressure in the quarter, we were able to deliver modest earnings growth of 2% year-over-year to $0.54. Adjusted free cash was an outflow of roughly $300 million, which is typical of our first quarter and in line with our expectations. Turning to our EPS bridge on Slide 9, you can see synergy and productivity savings adding $0.05 to the prior year. Volume and mix added an additional $0.05 driven by solid growth across buildings and a mixed benefit in Power Solutions. The cumulative benefit of synergies and volume mix was mostly offset by expected gross margin pressure and incremental investments we discussed on our last call. Overall, this resulted in $0.54 in adjusted EPS for the quarter. With that, I will turn it over to Brian to discuss the performance within the segments.
Brian Stief: Thanks, George and good morning, everyone. Starting on Slide 10, we provided the breakdown of our buildings business, which is the same pie chart that we provided you last quarter when we thought this would be a useful reference point for you as we talk through our segment results. So, lets move to Slide 11 and get into the details with a look at the performance of buildings on a consolidated basis. And I would just say as you will see as I go through the results here the Q1 headwinds, we talked about on our Q4 call came through pretty much as we expected and we see good momentum building as we move into Q2. Total building sales in the quarter of $5.3 billion increased 2% year-over-year and 4% organically with products growth in mid single-digits and field growth in the low single-digit range. Buildings consolidated EBITDA of $559 million declined 3%, but keep in mind the prior year included the results of Scott Safety. Buildings EBITDA margin decreased 60 basis points versus the prior year to 10.5%, but again, this includes a 40 basis point headwind from the Scott Safety divestiture. So, on a normalized basis, EBITDA margin declined 20 basis points as we expected. You can see in the margin waterfall that the combined benefit of 130 basis points from cost synergy and productivity save as well as volume leverage was more than offset by 150 basis points of headwind from conversion of lower margin backlog, price cost pressure and the incremental investments in product and sales capacity, all generally in line with the Q1 expectations we set for you last quarter. Looking to Q2 we do anticipate these headwinds will continue. However, these pressures should begin to abate sequentially as we move throughout the year. As George mentioned total field orders increased by very strong 5% including improved margins with backlog up 4% year-over-year to $8.1 billion. Now in order to provide more transparency on each of our reportable segments within buildings lets review each segments individual results. So moving to Slide 12 Building Solutions North America, their sales grew 3% organically to $2 billion, led by high single-digit growth in our commercial HVAC and controls businesses and mid single-digit growth in our solutions businesses, fire and security field revenues declined modestly in the quarter. North America adjusted EBITA of $236 million was flat on a year-over-year basis and EBITA margin declined 50 basis points to 11.7% as an 80 basis point headwind from lower margin backlog conversion and a headwind from sales force additions more than offset the benefits of synergies and productivity and volume leverage. Orders in North America increased a solid 4%. During the quarter we saw strong order intake, led by our conventional HVAC business, integrated security and retail primarily driven by higher installation activity. Our solutions business which as you know was primarily performance contracting also had strong order growth, but this was against an easy prior year compare. Given the underlying trends in North America and our opportunity pipeline, we expect to see continued solid order growth in Q2. Backlog at the end of Q1 was $5.3 billion, which was up 4%. So lets move to Slide 13 in EMEA/LA. Sales of $915 million increased 4% organically with solid performance in installing service across our three primary regions. Europe grew modestly in the quarter across fire and security and controls and in the Middle East we saw solid demand for commercial HVAC projects. Latin America experienced broad based strength across fire and security, HVAC and controls. Adjusted EBITA of $71 million grew 9% and EBITA margin expanded 40 basis points to 7.8%, primarily driven by cost synergies and productivity as well as modest volume leverage. Orders in EMEA/LA increased to strong 6%, led by growth in Continental Europe and the Middle East with backlog increasing 1% to $1.4 billion. Moving to APAC on Slide 14, sales of $597 million in the quarter increased 2% organically, primarily due to higher service activity versus the prior year. Adjusted EBITA of $74 million increased 3% and adjusted EBIT margin declined 10 basis points, but this includes a 30 basis point headwind related to foreign currency. The underlying margin increased to 20 basis points reflect savings from cost synergies and productivity as well some modest volume leverage. One item that I would like to point out is that pricing does remain very competitive in China and did negatively impact margins in the quarter. We do expect continued pricing pressure in our China field businesses as we look into Q2, but we are going to work to offset that headwind with cost actions. Asia-Pacific orders increased 9% driven by strong growth in China, Northeast Asia and India including a solid increase in service bookings with our backlog increasing 11% to $1.4 billion. Now lets turn to global products on Slide 15 and again sales increased a strong 6% organically to $1.8 billion with mid single-digit growth across HVAC and refrigeration equipment, building management and specialty products. In HVAC and refrigeration equipment, our applied HVAC business grew in the mid single-digit range, with strong shipment growth across all geographies for both large and small tonnage chillers. Another bright spot that I would like to point out is our VRF business in Asia, where we saw mid single-digit organic growth in the quarter. And the other thing I would also point out would be that our unconsolidated Hitachi joint ventures in China also saw strong double-digit growth in the quarter. Moving to resi and light commercial HVAC equipment, we saw low single-digit growth versus the tough compare in the prior year. Mid single-digit growth in building management and specialty products was driven primarily by growth in buildings controls and fire and security products led by increased demand for special hazards and fire detection equipment. Segment EBITA of $178 million declined 13%, but remember this reflects the impact of the Scott Safety divestiture. The reported segment EBITA margin declined 140 basis points, but again 110 basis points of that decline was attributable to Scott Safety. So, the underlying segment margin and products declined 30 basis points to 10% as the benefit of cost synergies and productivity and volume leverage was offset by about 100 basis points related to incremental product investments and 160 basis points related to price cost pressure. So, lets turn to Power Solutions on Slide 16. Our solution sales of $2.1 billion grew 1% organically as favorable price mix was offset by decline in unit volumes. Global battery shipments declined roughly 2% with declines in both OE and aftermarket. The 1% decline in OE was actually slightly less than declines in the overall auto production. Shipments to the aftermarket channel declined 2% on a tough prior year compare, the warmer weather we experienced during the quarter and a bit of pull forward of demand that we saw in the fourth quarter of last year. Once again, the China market was a highlight with units up 20%, with strong growth in both OE and aftermarket channels. Global shipments of start-stop batteries increased 20% with another quarter of strong growth in the Americas and China and we saw EMEA start-stop up 3%. Segment EBITA of $384 million declined 2% with margins declining 250 basis points to 18%, but this includes a 150 basis point impact of FX and the higher led prices. Powers underlying margin declined 100 basis points as favorable mix and productivity savings were more than offset by planned product investments and startup and launch costs and increased transportation costs and logistic costs were a bit higher than we expected in Q1. We are definitely seeing higher freight costs, particularly in the U.S. and Mexico as well as higher fuel costs and unfavorable lane mix due in part to the ongoing impact of the hurricanes. Turning to Slide 17 quickly corporate expense, we moved down 6% year-over-year to $101 million and we continue to target a range of $425 million to $440 million for the entire year. So, lets move to Slide 18 and free cash flow. Reported free cash was an outflow of just under $400 million in the quarter, which is in line with normal seasonal patterns and consistent with our plan on expectations. Excluding about $100 million of integration cost, adjusted free cash was an outflow of $300 million. As expected, we received $200 million tax refund in the quarter and this was offset by the $200 million in tax planning payments that we talked about in our fourth quarter call. As George mentioned, the focus on improving cash flow is our companys top priority and I am working closely with the newly established cash management office as well as our external advisors. In Q1, we have created a free cash flow roadmap and identified specific actions with clear accountability that will improve trade working capital and drive higher free cash flow conversion as we move through the year. For 2018, we are on track to deliver 80% plus adjusted free cash flow conversion excluding the net one-time items that we communicated to you last quarter. Turning the balance sheet on Slide 19, net debt of $11.9 billion is down $1.3 billion sequentially versus the end of fiscal 17. Of course the biggest driver of this decline was the $1.9 billion pay down of the TSarl debt using the net cash proceeds from the Scott transaction. In addition we repaid nearly $500 million of debt in Q1. In early December given the positive rate environment we issued 750 million in euro debt with an effective interest rate of essentially 0% for a term of 3 years. We use these proceeds to fund recent maturities as well as the term-outs in commercial paper. In the quarter we also purchased 3.6 million shares for a total of $150 million and our outlook for the remainder of fiscal 18 still assumes buybacks to offset dilution. Finally I wanted to spend a few minutes on U.S. tax reform on Slide 20 which I know is of interest to everyone. During the quarter we took a provisional net charge of $200 million which reflects our initial estimate of the impact of tax reform in fiscal 18. This includes a one-time non-cash tax benefit of $100 million related to the re-measurement of our net U.S. deferred tax liabilities and we also took a one-time $300 million tax charge for a preliminary estimate of taxes on unremitted foreign earnings. As you all know the cash taxes on the foreign earnings component is very manageable for us and will be funded over an 8-year period. Given the significance and complexity of U.S. tax reform, we continue to analyze all aspects of the new legislation and may adjust this one-time charge as necessary over the course of the year. With respect to our effective tax rate there will be no change to our 14% rate this year. We do anticipate our fiscal 19 tax rate to increase to a range of 16% to 18% based upon the effective dates of certain provisions of the new legislation. As always we will continue to evaluate tax filing opportunities as we move forward. With that, let me turn it over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks Brian. Before we open up the lines for questions, I wanted to reiterate that fiscal 2018 will be a year of change. We are intensely focused on driving execution to deliver our adjusted EPS in the range of $2.75 to $2.85, which represents a 6% to 10% increase in earnings per share versus fiscal year 2017. As I mentioned on our last call consistent with prior years, we expect our earnings per share to be stronger in the second half of the year due to the normal seasonality of our businesses, the pace and timing of investment as well as price cost and gross margin headwinds, all of which are heavier in the first half. Based on our current outlook, we would expect EPS to be weighted roughly 38% in the first half and 52% in the second half compared to our normal 40-60 split. As I think about the second half ramp, we are going to focus on controlling what we can control. Although I feel good about the underlying momentum we are seeing in the top line, organic growth begins to decelerate, you should expect that we will dial back the pace of investments. Cost synergies are on track and it will give us about $0.03 more earnings in the back half than in the first half. Price cost headwinds should begin to flatten out as some of our more recent price increases begin to take effect. We feel good about our price realization so far, but obviously Asia and China specifically are still tough. And we are taking additional productivity actions to help offset some of the areas we are seeing pressure. Our guide assumes price gets better, so that is one area we will have to watch. I am encouraged by the margin improvement we are seeing in backlog, the traction we are seeing on sales capacity and by the acceleration we are seeing in higher margin service and product sales. Ultimately, we are committed to delivering on profitability as we continue to manage our way through the integration and focus on reinvesting for growth. We have made the structural changes necessary to help ensure that the focus on execution is felt deep into the organization. With that, let me turn it over to our operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Deane Dray from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning Deane.
George Oliver: Good morning.
Deane Dray: Hey, just speaking of the year of change, I would like the revamp slide deck, lots of good color and especially like the bridges that are included so I appreciate that.
George Oliver: Thanks Deane.
Deane Dray: So first question, George, I was hoping you could expand on the strategic focus to improve to serve margins  secure margins in buildings and I cant help, but think that this sounds a bit like project selectivity and maybe there are some parallels there, but what are the initiatives and then for the 5% increase in orders this quarter, whats that margin improvement over the implied margin?
George Oliver: Sure. Let me start Deane by saying that when I took over I setup a sales leadership team that I ultimately cheer. And we have been meeting monthly making sure that we are executing on the commitments we have made to not only put the capacity in place from a sales force point standpoint, but to be able to execute on improved margins and ultimately deliver on the organic growth. We are making a tremendous amount of progress with this team and so not only have we been able to add 180 heads in the quarter that was in addition to the 50 that we added in the fourth quarter. But strategically now as we are now segmenting our markets, understanding how we are deploying that capacity to be able to go after where growth is occurring and making sure that from a pricing standpoint we are staying disciplined with the projects that we are taking on. And so that said, we have seen significant improvement not only in the pipeline generation, but how thats converting to orders and then how thats going now set us up to accelerate organic growth through the remainder of the year. When you look at the book margins in the quarter, we booked margins, so the margin in backlog now is up 30 basis points. And so you can imagine, we booked margins much better than that in the quarter that brought the average up about 30 basis points. So I am feeling really good working with the sales team and how we are going about deploying the resource that we are putting into place, the productivity we are getting from those resources, the book margins that we are securing, the service growth that we are accelerating and that all will then translate into not only improved growth in the second half, but also from a margin perspective much higher margins.
Deane Dray: So is there bit of this project selectivity playbook that you are running?
George Oliver: So Deane, the project selectivity is making sure that from a resource standpoint as we are understanding the markets and the opportunities that we have in the markets that we are deploying our resources where we can accelerate and we can ultimately get the returns for the resource that we are putting into these projects and that we are beginning to execute. So certainly from a discipline standpoint, we have implemented the discipline to make sure that as we are planning these projects, we are planning them in a way that positions us to be able to get the appropriate returns. And so whether it would be project selectivity or just pure discipline and how we deploy our resources and setting expectations for the type of margins that we expect by executing on these projects thats ultimately what we are doing.
Deane Dray: Got it. And then just as a follow-up question and this may just be competitive sniping with the second coming of ADT, but there has been some claims about taking share in light commercial and correct me if I am wrong, but non-competes all came off in 2014 and that really shouldnt be anything new going on here, but would be interested in your perspective?
George Oliver: I would reinforce what you said Deane. Our security business is executing extremely well in North America. We are continuing to grow. We are continuing to execute on the margins and ultimately delivering on performance. And so as you said, the non-compete went away back in 2014. Certainly, we respect our competitors, but as what we are seeing now, we are continuing to execute on our business, continuing to grow and continuing to maintain and grow the margins.
Deane Dray: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
George Oliver: Good morning Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: George, just back to thinking about how all those kind of plays out in margins. When you say margin is up and backlog up 30 basis points, thats up relative to what it I guess was last quarter, is it tracking up relative to what you are reporting here today and can you give us some context on that?
George Oliver: Yes, absolutely Jeff. In the first quarter, when we look at  let me just go back and reframe what the problem was when we gave guidance back in November. We had when we looked at our North America backlog we have 75 basis points of pressure in about a $5 billion business. And so we had projected that there was going to be roughly about $40 million of pressure that was going to play out through the course of the year and we are going to have to offset that with productivity and other initiatives so that we would be positioned to deliver on the commitments we made. So, we have seen about $16 million of that pressure in the first quarter. And so the remainder of that will play out a little bit less in the second quarter and then less in the third and fourth quarter. And I would tell you with what we have been booking, we had an improvement of about 70 basis points, maybe a little bit better in the quarter. And so the work  the projects that are going into backlog as we project how they will play out the remainder of the year and beyond we will start to see improved gross margins. And so I am projecting here in the second quarter, our margins will be relatively flat in buildings with the work that we have done realizing that in addition to the backlog thats converting with the pressure, we also have price cost that we have experienced here in the first quarter, little bit more in the second quarter  little bit less in the second quarter and then we start to see it turned positive in the second half. So, the combined  those combined topics as we are now executing we are now seeing the margins flat and then you will start to see them improve in the second half.
Jeff Sprague: And then thinking about the sales force growth and initiative, how long does that remain a headwind, how long does it take for lack of a better term for a new salesman to carry his weight so to speak and be accretive to the equation?
George Oliver: Yes, what I would say Jeff, it varies depending on what business you are in and whether it be large installed project type business or whether it be service  transactional service business, but you could say that when we estimated the year, we said we are going to have about $15 million to $20 million of potential pressure for what I would say while we are adding the sales capacity, we would have less productivity per head with that new capacity. What I would tell you is that the way we are bringing them on board, we have been very process driven in training, getting them educated and trained so that they can hit the ground running. So, there is still going to be that pressure, but I have confidence with the folks that we have brought on here not only in the fourth quarter, first quarter, we are making really good progress in how we are deploying that capacity and making them productive through the course of the year. So, you can average it probably takes around 6 months  3 to 6 months depending on the type of business, but I am encouraged  I am extremely encouraged by the progress we are making and what we can expect here going forward.
Jeff Sprague: And then just one last one for me, so you did do some share repo in the quarter, should we assume you are chipping away at repo or kind of given your leverage you are kind of on hold until the cash flow comes in later the year end or there is some asset sales or something else going on?
Brian Stief: Yes, Jeff, this quarter $100 million that we did in the month of October and the thought is roughly $50 million a quarter for the remainder of the year, which is essentially offsetting option dilution. So, I dont think at this point in time we are looking at any incremental share repurchase above and beyond that.
Jeff Sprague: Right, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Winoker from UBS. Your line is now open.
Steven Winoker: Hey, thanks and good morning all.
George Oliver: Hi Steve.
Steven Winoker: Hey, just wonder on the cash side, I know you did referenced it in your prepared remarks, but a couple of things, one, when did the conversion addition to comp start to really hit the ground for management sales force etcetera? And then secondly we are not the sales force, sorry about the broader teams and then secondly maybe just talk about that cash management offers and I know this is a seasonally normal cash outflow, but maybe get into sort of the biggest drivers of that and that we might expect to see the improvement in over the next year?
George Oliver: Steve, I will take the first part of the question and then I will turn it over to Brian on the cash management office. Relative to the incentives as we went through the succession with myself becoming Chairman and CEO, certainly there was a lot of focus on incentive compensation here, our executive compensation within the company. And as we are putting the plan together for 2018 that was certainly something was front and center with our  with our Board. And so we work through that very quickly, so that when we launched our incentives with our executive team and then had similar components that are embedded in the executive leadership incentive that now are pushed out into sales incentives and operational incentives, that all was done at the beginning of the year. So we wanted to be positioned, so we could hit the ground running. The right metrics were in place, the right incentives were in place, so that we could make sure that we execute on the commitments we made for the year. Now Brian, you might want to talk a little bit more about the cash management office.
Brian Stief: Yes. And we set up during the quarter that the cash management office, which is really a combination of roughly 8 to 10 people internally and then we have got an outside advisor thats working with us on this effort. I would just comment that we took one of our top finance people, the CFO of our buildings business and have put him in charge of the cash management office, which is I think reflective of the importance that we are placing on making sure that we deliver on the free cash flow conversion commitments we have got. As far as Q1 and why Q1 tends to be a bit of a cash outflow quarter for us I think I would focus on a couple of things. First of all, as it relates to the fourth quarter, there is a huge push in Q4 and that tends to be our best cash flow quarter. And so there is a little bit of I would say pull forward maybe in Q4 from Q1. Secondly, I would say our lowest income quarter tends to generally be the first or second quarter as well. And then there is some timing of working capital that I put in the equation as well and then we do pay our bonuses out and the first quarter of each year as well. So those are probably some of the items that really drive some of the timing Steve. But I think it tends to be an outflow in Q1 and inflow in Q2 and then Q3 and Q4 tend to be our strongest quarters.
Steven Winoker: Okay. And then George, I see all the start-stop growth that you are mentioning in power, can you maybe comment on the progress of those factor investments in AGM, how are  where we are in the ramp on those. And then I guess just one last one maybe Brian also I understand that tax  you are going through portfolio review together, but any of the tax legislation changes with regard to asset sales 338 H10 elections changed the view of tax leakage across the portfolio, does it give you more options?
George Oliver: Yes. So let me  starting with the AGM, like we said we are up about 20% year-on-year and thats really of a function of very strong penetration in Europe and that continues. And we have  we are kind of in line with the market. We are picking up a little bit of share. And then if you look at where the investments are being made its mainly in China as well as North America. So we are executing well on putting that investment in place and thats whats contributing to the very strong growth that we are getting in China being up, I think its up over about 50  China was up almost 50% or there abouts and continue to see good progress in North America. And so that is going to be when you look at the mix thats going to be extremely important for us to continue to execute on those investments and in the volumes from those investments.
Brian Stief: Yes. And as far as the tax rate impact I mean clearly to the extent that any business that we would decide to divest of from a non-core standpoint to the extent of the head U.S. operations of significance, those tax rate reductions certainly would play into that.
Steven Winoker: Thank you.
Antonella Franzen: Thanks.
George Oliver: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa from JPMC. Your line is now open.
Steve Tusa: Hi guys, good morning.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
Brian Stief: Hi Steve.
George Oliver: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: So I just wanted to clear, what is the target for your incentive for this year in cash, I think the guide is 80% plus and then $1.3 billion of or up to $1.3 billion of CapEx, I didnt see kind of an explicit rehalf of that just want to make sure that we were counting for any kind of tweaks there and is it based on conversion or absolute free cash flow?
Brian Stief: Its the adjusted free cash flow conversion is at 80% plus as we have talked about previously then there is no adjustments above and beyond that we have communicated already that are necessary really for us to talk about here. So the 80% plus is our target.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And the CapEx guide?
Brian Stief: CapEx $1.3 for the year, there is a little timing in the quarter, but still $1.3 for the year Steve.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then just following up on I think it was Deans question on the security side. I mean you said that your security business is holding up in North America, I think the field business fire and surety field was a modest decline. Does that mean kind of fire was down and security is growing maybe you could just give us some idea of how kind of that core business did, the security business did in the quarter from a revenue perspective?
Brian Stief: Yes. So, in North America, where we have had a GAAP with our capacity has been fire. And so as we talked about last year having some shortfall of putting the sales capacity in place, a lot of that was in the fire space. That has become a roll forward and why we are seeing. Its really just a temporary decline within that business. We have been adding capacity both in sales as well as technicians, because the market is very attractive and we are making progress. And so its more  I would say, its more of a temporary situation because of the way that we are short on how we are staffing the fire business, but thats going to  that will continue to improve now with the work that we have done in the capacity that we are putting in place. The part of the security business I think overall was modest, I mean, year-on-year they a good year first quarter last year and corrupt the low single-digits.
Steve Tusa: This year, this security business?
Brian Stief: Correct.
Steve Tusa: And then one last question on commercial HVAC pricing asking all these guys all the guys question, what are your assumptions embedded in for price this year for the business where its relevant, I think its probably mostly in the products business, yet a tough price cost spread of this quarter. Whats your pricing assumption embedded for commercial HVAC?
Brian Stief: Yes. So, if you look at our price cost pressure, we are in the first quarter, it was about $34 million and a lot of that certainly in HVAC. I am as we put our price increases its our beginning of our second quarter, so the beginning of the calendar year. And I know there is a range from 5% to 7% type price increases that are being put into place. I think that that compares similarly with our competitors. Certainly, we are going to be very disciplined with how we execute on these price increases given the pressure that we have had here in the first quarter. Some of the actions have already taken place and so the price pressure, price cost will be better in the second quarter and then as we get into the third and fourth, we believe that we have a positive price cost. And so right now, its really all about executing and staying disciplined with all those price increases are going into place, because we are seeing on the opposite side, we are seeing the commodity headwind and is coming through.
Steve Tusa: Yes, I guess I have seen a lot of letters around residential price and I am sorry to prolong this, but I am just trying to get an idea of the magnitude in commercial markets a lot more opaque for everybody and Ingersoll made some positive comments on ability to get price, so its carrier, but there is no number that have been around those. I guess are the magnitude of commercial HVAC price increases, I mean, is it low single-digits, is it mid singles hoping to capture low singles, is that TBD like I did just trying to get an idea of the magnitude that you guys are all kind of trying to put out there. Nobody seems to be giving like up are a really good answer?
George Oliver: So Steve, I have been spending a lot of time in the field here over the last couple months and this is been front and center with many of our discussions and I would tell you is probably the range varies depending on market Brian talked about China being a little bit more difficult right now with some of the pricing but on average what I would say is, low to mid probably low to mid-single-digit still getting traction which is certainly part of our ability to be able to now normally improve the projects that we are putting in place and then ultimately however expanding on margin improvement of those projects.
Steve Tusa: Great, color. Thanks a lot for the detail. Appreciate it.
George Oliver: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hi, good morning, guys.
Brian Stief: Good morning.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Just going back to global products, the 6% organic revenue growth looks like the strong that its been in a while, while you mentioned fire security VRS being highlights of the quarter, the former Tyco [indiscernible] business has been a drag in the business for a while, is that really the biggest change in the growth profile of the products business as we sit here today?
George Oliver: What I would say is we have had strength is very broad based. And so as Brian mentioned in his prepared remarks we are seeing it across all of the platforms. So we break it down into HVAC equipment, we break into building manager, which is all of our electronic equipment and we break it into specialty, which is the for a suppression business. And when you look at across the board, its broad base, anywhere its all kind of around 6% about 5% to 6%, 7% across the board. And so whats happening here is you have to two  there is two key elements, where we have been investing heavily over the last 3 years. We have actually increased our technology new product developments. If you look at our run rate of investments they are up about $165 million on a run rate over the last 3 years. We are now seeing the products from those investments coming to the market. And so we are positioned to be able to gain share and continue to accelerate our positioning. And that in addition to some of the market recovery and so as we see the Middle East with oil and gas beginning to recover, we see industrial refrigeration we are up very strong double digit 20 plus percent in our industrial refrigeration business with orders and backlog extremely strong. And so what we have seen here is not only a significant recovery of fire and security products, but very broad based execution across every one of our platforms.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thats helpful, George. And I want to ask about power margin in the quarter, you identified transportation costs as a drag, which I am guessing really wasnt as much in your initial guidance, so maybe you can give us little more color on what do you expect going forward there and if that cost is higher, what you can do to sort of get closer to the flat margin guidance that you had given for the year?
George Oliver: Yes. Overall when you look at the total, when you look at the total company we were down about 60 basis points in the first quarter and about 30 basis points of that was the divestiture of Scott Safety. Now if you break it down into the two segments, buildings it was right in line with the lower margin on backlog conversion, again we are down about 60 basis  it was about 60 basis points, 40 basis points of which was driven by the Scott Safety divestiture. And then with the additional price cost that we talked about in the quarter and then the acceleration of our sales force, the investments in sales force and the continued product investments is what ultimately contributed to that. So we got strong productivity and integration savings, plus the volume was a little more than offset from the price cost and the additional sales investments and continued product investments. So thats the building side. On power  the power margins right off the top you got 150 basis points from the impact of FX and lead. And so then when you look at the remaining 100 basis points, we got the volume leverage and mix on productivity was more than offset with the product investments  continued product investments as well as the increased transportation costs that Brian talked about, that post hurricane as well as with the overall pickup in the economy you can imagine transporting lead acid batteries, there is a cost of that. And as we are going through into our ramp up in the first quarter getting ready for the selling season certainly had higher demand. And so with that capacity is what created some of the increased cost that we saw in quarter.
Brian Stief: So I think when you look at the power margins, as George said there is 100 basis points in the first quarter that transportation and logistics will probably continue with us into the second quarter. And I would think in terms of half what we saw in the first quarter. And then I think as we move throughout the year through either cost actions we are going to take or pricing actions we are going to take in the back half of the year, we will make effort to cover that. But there still will be some going into Q2.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thats helpful guys. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Wojs from Baird. Your line is now open.
Tim Wojs: Hey everybody, good morning. I just had two quick follow-ups if you could, I guess first hit on the order growth in products, I am not sure if I saw them, I might have miss this some more, but if you will let me know what the order growth in the products business was in the quarter. And then secondly just on the cost side of the price cost what are you expecting or what are you putting into the back half of the year in terms of input costs around things like metals and refrigerants?
George Oliver: Yes. So on the first one
Antonella Franzen: So let me take that one. In terms of the orders one of the things that we decided to do just to make sure that everybody is clear is when we are looking at forecasting our revenue going forward the orders are now focused on the field side of the business, because keep in mind that on the products side it tends to be more of a book and ship type business. There might be a little bit of variability from quarter-to-quarter and you may recall last quarter actually orders were a little higher than the revenue growth. And this quarter I would say that the orders were a little lower than the revenue growth, but think of products as more of a book and ship type business.
George Oliver: And the second part as far as this price cost, we are monitoring all of our commodities and projecting what that  what each one of them will do and as we look at the mix of our commodities with the overall cost of goods that we have we are making sure that our pricing actions are not only in line, but ahead of that to make sure that if there are any additional pressures going forward we are going to be able to abate the overall margin pressure from that.
Antonella Franzen: And the only thing I would to that in terms of price cost I know there is a lot of focus on that. We had about $0.03 in the first quarter thats expected to moderate maybe $0.02 in the second quarter. And keep in mind as we get into the second half of the year it will actually be a benefit for us. So particularly as you think about first half, second half that is another thing that flows into the second half of the year as the benefit.
Tim Wojs: Great. Thanks. Good luck.
Antonella Franzen: Thanks.
George Oliver: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Noah Kaye: Thanks and good morning.
Antonella Franzen: We are getting a lot of feedback on the line.
George Oliver: Operator, you are going to have to
Operator: From Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Joe Ritchie: Could you guys hear me?
George Oliver: Yes.
Joe Ritchie: Alright, that was interesting. Maybe just circling back to this price cost question for a second, I just want to make sure that I may have not heard the answer, but we talked about $34 million headwind in the first quarter, it seems like your guide is assuming that it gets better as the year progresses, what the implicit or explicit assumption on price cost for the outlook?
George Oliver: So as we laid out the year and certainly this has been one of the headwinds we have been extremely focused on. We have started off knowing that the first quarter was going to be the most difficult which it was $34 million, mainly in global products and as well as some of the pricing in China that we talked about. But for most of the price increase going to affect this quarter and as we have started the second half we believe it will mitigate a lot of the pressure we had in the first quarter and the second not fully, so it will improve first quarter to second quarter. With the idea with all of the actions in place, we then in the second half we turned positive in price cost with the actions that are being taken. And so thats we are watching this very closely. We are making sure that we are staying disciplined in the market and that we are ultimately yielding what we need to yield to be positioned to be able to deliver on the commitments we made here through the year.
Joe Ritchie: Got it, thats helpful George. I guess my following question in yield and thinking about those like lower margin projects I mean you talked about it a little bit last quarter that had been basically have been building for about the last 18 months fully recognizes that your backlog typically isnt that long cycle, I am just trying to understand like when we start getting through these lower margin projects will be begun by the second quarter or could they possibly bleed into the second half of your fiscal year as well?
George Oliver: Yes. So our projects you can look at projects we turn  some of the quick term projects can be a few months. And then some large projects can go multi years, the average being somewhere 6 to 9, but probably 6 months to 12 months depending on whether its fire security or HVAC. And so we knew the turn that we saw coming through in the first quarter that that was going to be the toughest. And as we said in North America, at the start of the year, we have 75 basis points of pressure that on a $5 billion plus backlog goes roughly about $40 million. About 40% of that turned in the first quarter. So, it was about $16 million. As far as we now project whats in backlog and how its going to turn, that will be reduced in the second quarter and then minimal impact in the third and fourth quarter based on whats being put into the backlog. Just another note on that would just be to say that in line with the compensation discussion, a big change has been making sure that not only from a sales standpoint, but from an overall comp standpoint margins is part of the compensation now for our sales team and for our operating teams in the field.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. Thanks, George.
Operator: Id now like to turn the call over to George now for some closing comments.
George Oliver: Alright. Thanks, again for joining our call this morning. As I hope you took away from our call today, we are building momentum and expect a very strong second half. So, I look forward to seeing many of you soon. Operator, that concludes our call.
Operator: And that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-11-11 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Antonella Franzen - VP, IR George Oliver - Chairman and CEO Brian Stief - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Steve Tusa - JP Morgan David Lu - RBC Capital Markets Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company Josh Pokrzywinski - Wolfe Research
Operator: Welcome to Johnson Controls Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Antonella Franzen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2017 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. With me today are Johnson Controls Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of todays call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you review todays press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that weve included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions, and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted EBITA and adjusted EBIT margins exclude transaction and integration costs as well as other special items. These metrics are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedule attached to our press release. All comparisons to the prior year are on a combined basis, which excludes the results of Adient and includes the results of Tyco, net of conforming accounting adjustments and recurring purchase accounting. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Johnson Controls ordinary shareholders was $0.93 for the quarter and included a net benefit of $0.06 related to special items. These special items primarily related to mark-to-market pension and postretirement gains and discrete tax items partially offset by restructuring, impairment and integration costs. Adjusting for these special items, non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.87 per share compared to $0.76 in the prior year quarter. Now, let me turn the call over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Antonella, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on todays call. Let me begin with a look back at our first year as a combined company. And the message that I hope you walk away with is although our financial results came in at the low end of where we would have expected in fiscal 2017, we made significant progress on the integration of a historic merger with Johnson Controls. Im extremely proud of the work our teams around the globe have done and what we have accomplished throughout the year. We completed a major reorganization of our operating structure across the globe, most recently in North America. We made significant strides in aligning our cost structures, generating $300 million in incremental cost synergies and productivity savings, driving 90 basis points of margin expansion for the year. Despite the substantial amount of integration taking place, we also maintained rigor around optimizing our portfolio and capital structure. We completed the spin-off of Adient and divested ADT South Africa and Scott Safety as well as several other small noncore assets. We redeployed the proceeds from those divestitures into paying down a substantial portion of the merger-related TSARL debt. Additionally, we pursued opportunistic share repurchase in an effort to offset the coming dilution related to the Scott Safety transaction, and we finished the year with approximately $650 million of share buybacks. That said, as we have identified on the right side of Slide 5, there are areas in our performance where we need to improve as we move forward: accelerating organic growth in orders and Buildings, expanding gross margins in Buildings, improving free cash flow conversion and consistently delivering on our commitments. If we turn to Slide 6, Ill tie those areas of improvement to the changes we have already implemented to enable us to put shareholder value creation at the forefront of everything we do. First, as you may have seen in a press release this morning, we announced a change in our General Counsel with the departure of Judy Reinsdorf. Ive worked with Judy for well over a decade. She was instrumental in my time as CEO of Tyco and has been a crucial voice throughout her transitional role for the past year here at Johnson Controls. Id like to sincerely thank Judy for her many years of service and wish her all the best. Id also like to take this opportunity to welcome John Donofrio to the team whos joining us from Mars Incorporated. With this and a few other recent appointments, our senior leadership team is coming together and will be held accountable for driving execution. Beginning in fiscal 2018, we plan to change our compensation incentives to be more closely linked to our performance and aligned with shareholder expectations. Specifically, we plan to tie compensation incentives to the key performance areas that we are focused on: organic revenue growth, EBIT growth and free cash flow conversion. When it comes to accelerating organic sales and orders growth in the field businesses, tracking sales capacity and sales productivity metrics are essential. Growing the field businesses requires a strong and expanding sales force by business and by region with continued productivity. It sounds simple but demands intense focus and consistent monitoring by our business leaders, including myself. With the combination of reorganization of the Buildings businesses, we have remixed the sales force and reinvested in areas of growth. For the full year, we were short of the increased capacity required to accelerate growth. However, in the fourth quarter, we enhanced the process and achieved net adds of 50 salespeople. As we move forward in our new structure, we are targeting 400 net sales adds in fiscal 2018, which will be core to accelerating orders in organic revenue growth. This investment is in response to a strong positive feedback from our customers with respect to how our technologies and solutions are helping our customers enhance their businesses. This will put a bit of pressure into the first half of the year as the new salespeople ramp up, but the increase in capacity will ultimately drive improvements in execution and higher growth. As we move through the course of fiscal 2018, we will keep you posted on our progress. Additionally, not all revenue growth is created equal. And similar to how I operated at Tyco, we will be focused on profitable growth. This starts with going after the right projects, remaining disciplined on pricing to ensure that we are being paid for the value that we provide to our customers and rigorous project management down to driving change orders. With the installed base we create, it is critical that we continue to accelerate our service growth, which enhances our margin profile. As we look at the underlying fundamentals of our backlog, there is some gross margin pressure we expect to see as the backlog turns in our North America field business. To put this in context, the size of backlog in our North America field business is $5.2 billion, and I would say we are entering the year with roughly 75 basis points of gross margin pressure. We have put in place a more strict approval process for large installation projects and are realigning the incentive compensation structure for the entire sales organization. We plan to weight sales incentives more towards gross margins and sales growth so that we can ensure our teams are targeting more profitable growth. With more discipline on price, sales productivity, project management and service acceleration, we expect to drive both improved margins and increased profitability. When it comes to improving free cash flow conversion, we had an intense focus in the fourth quarter to ensure we met the expectations set. I, together with Brian, established a weekly meeting to drive the importance of this metric and closely monitored our free cash flow generation. Additionally, we are in the process of establishing a cash management office reallocating internal talent to solve some of our working capital challenges and focus solely on achieving the targets we have set out. While we saw improvement in our free cash flow generation in the fourth quarter, we know we have a lot more work to do to increase our cash flow conversion. As we move forward, we will also be more selective in our CapEx spending, focused on high return projects and reducing our reinvestment ratio. In terms of capital allocation, you can expect us to remain disciplined when it comes to returning cash to shareholders with a near-term focus remaining on opportunistic share repurchases and overtime, a more balanced approach between accretive M&A and buybacks. We have leading market positions and are strongly positioned to win across our core businesses. That said, we will continue to look at the portfolio both within Power and Buildings, ensuring we are allocating resources in areas where we can generate the highest returns and divesting businesses that are noncore.  With all of these key business fundamentals I have discussed, we have established discipline and accountability from which we set grounded expectations. We know where performance needs to improve. And as a management team, we are entirely focused on executing on the actions I have outlined. I am humbled and honored to be leading this organization, and I want to reiterate that this team is intensely focused on driving execution and creating shareholder value. My personal mission as CEO of Johnson Controls is to lead with clarity, simplicity and confidence, and my intent is that those same values permeate beyond the executive management team throughout the entire organization. I remain confident that, with the organizational changes over the past year, we are well positioned to lead the evolution of Building Solutions and battery technologies. Turning now to Slide 7. Let me recap the results for the quarter, and Brian will provide more detail in a few minutes. Overall, another quarter of solid earnings growth with strong EBIT margin expansion driven by continued progress on synergy and productivity actions. Sales of $8.1 billion increased 4% on a reported basis in the quarter. Excluding the impact from divestitures, FX and lead pass-through, sales increased 2% organically, led by strong performance in our Power Solutions business as well as our Global products business within Buildings. Adjusted EBIT of $1.1 billion grew 10%, driven by cost synergy and productivity realization. EBIT margins were up 80 basis points year-over-year on a reported basis or up 110 basis points excluding the impact of FX and lead. Turning to our EPS bridge on Slide 8. You can see synergy and productivity savings adding $0.09 to the prior year, in line with our expectations. Volume and mix added $0.01 and strong volume in Power Solutions was partially offset by increased logistics and distribution costs, hurricane disruptions and price cost pressure. The lower effective tax rate year-over-year also added $0.02, and strategic investments were an incremental $0.01. Overall, this resulted in a 14% increase in adjusted EPS year-over-year. Just a quick mention on synergies and productivity on Slide 9. As we have been detailing for you throughout the year, synergy and productivity savings came in at the high end of our original $250 million to $300 million range or $0.27 in 2017. As we look to fiscal 2018, we are planning for an incremental $250 million in savings. With that, I will turn it over to Brian to discuss the performance within the segments.
Brian Stief: Thanks, George, and good morning. Lets start with our new segment structure within Building Technologies & Solutions on Slide 10. As you can see, Buildings has two main components: Building Solutions and Global products. Building Solutions, which has annual revenue of about $15 billion, is our field business and direct channel. We operate in a regional structure and report 3 segments: North America, EMEA/LA and Asia Pacific. Global products has $8 billion of annual revenue and will be reported as our fourth segment within Buildings. This is our indirect channel with its sales through distribution and storefronts. I will speak to the new segments as I go through the results for Buildings. Now lets get into the details of the quarter on Slide 11. Total building sales in the quarter of $6 billion declined 1% year-over-year on a reported basis. However, excluding the impacts from FX and divestitures, sales grew 1% organically. The impact of the hurricanes, the earthquake in Mexico and some final sales-related purchase accounting adjustments impacted sales growth by approximately 60 basis points in the quarter. So lets start by unpacking the 1% organic decline in Building Solutions, which again represents our project and service-based field business. In North America, our largest region, sales declined low single digits. Our fire and security field business, which comprises about half of the revenue in North America, is relatively flat year-over-year. HVAC and controls installation and service activity, which typically accounts for about 35% to 40% of sales in North America, grew low single digits. However, this growth was more than offset by a decline in large projects within our solutions business, which declined low double digits in the quarter. And Id just point out that about half of that decline was driven by weaker sales to the U.S. federal government. Turning to EMEA/LA, we saw low single-digit growth in the quarter. Growth in Europe was led by solid project activity in fire and security. In the Middle East, sales inflected to positive growth in the quarter driven by HVAC. Latin America also grew low single digits with balanced growth across fire and security, HVAC and controls. In Asia Pacific, organic growth was flat in the quarter as strong growth in service was offset by lower project installation spend year-over-year, particularly in China. Turning to global products. Sales increased 3% organically year-over-year with growth across building management, HVAC and refrigeration equipment and specialty products. Building management, which is about 15% of global products revenue, includes controls, security and fire detection, and we saw a nice growth across all 3 of these product lines. HVAC and refrigeration products, which comprises about 65% of global products revenue, includes unitary and applied HVAC equipment and products, our Hitachi joint venture products, as well as industrial refrigeration and marine equipment. Within these businesses, resi and light commercial HVAC grew low single digits where a low single-digit decline in resi HVAC was more than offset by low teens growth in light commercial where we saw a significant growth in our national accounts business. I would point out that the resi HVAC decline was impacted by a tough prior year comparison with fiscal 16 Q4 growth north of 20% as well as lower cooling degree days. For the full year, our resi HVAC business grew high single digits organically, benefiting from new product launches in the spring of 2016. Our applied business grew in the mid-single digits range in the quarter with strong performance from North America and larger projects in the Middle East.  Finally, we continue to see solid growth in our Hitachi joint venture as well as a pickup in our industrial refrigeration businesses led by the improving natural gas and food and beverage markets. The remaining 20% of revenue in global products is specialty products, which includes fire suppression and Scott Safety. This platform saw low single-digit growth in the quarter and, as you know, Scott Safety was sold to 3M in early October. So lets turn to EBITA. Buildings grew 5% year-over-year in both the reported and adjusted basis to $904 million with margins expanding 80 basis points year-over-year to 15.1%. This growth was led by cost synergies and productivity savings, partially offset by price cost pressure as well as continued investments were making in new products in our channels. Over the course of 2017, we launched 14 new chiller products globally and expanded our factory direct distribution business by adding 17 new storefronts across North America. And I just point out that for the full year, Buildings EBITA margin expanded 50 basis points. So lets turn to Slide 12. Orders grew 2% organically year-over-year, led by the 5% growth in our products business. Field orders were flat as high single-digit growth in Asia Pacific was offset by a low single-digit decline in North America and EMEA/LA. Backlog of 8.5 billion at year-end grew 4% year-over-year on an organic basis. So lets move to Power Solutions. Sales of 2.1 billion increased 18% year-over-year on a reported basis, but this includes a significant tailwind from lead pass-through. Excluding lead and FX, sales grew 9% organically, led by strong shipments to the aftermarket channels across all regions. Global battery shipments increased 5% year-over-year with aftermarket unit growth of 8%, partially offset by a 5% decline in our lease shipments, which is consistent with the lower auto production in our two biggest markets, the U.S. and Europe. China rebounded nicely versus last quarter with total shipment growth of nearly 40% with strength across both OE and aftermarket. Global shipments of Start-Stop units increased 30% led by strong growth in China and the Americas. EMEA Start-Stop units increased 7% due primarily to strong aftermarket growth, which is more than offset by a low single-digit decline in OE. Segment EBITA of 431 million increased 4% on a reported basis or 5% excluding the impact of FX and lead. Powers margins declined 260 basis points year-over-year to 20.2% on a reported basis, but this includes 170 basis point headwind from lead. Excluding the impact of FX and lead, Powers margins declined 80 basis points. In the quarter, leverage and higher volumes, favorable mix and productivity savings were more than offset by ongoing product investments, start-up and launch costs and increased logistics and distribution costs, including the disruptions related to the hurricane. For the full year, Powers margin declined by 60 basis points to 19.5% on a reported basis, but this includes 150 basis point headwind for lead. Excluding the impact of lead and FX, Powers margins expanded a strong 100 basis points for the year. Moving to Slide 14. Corporate expense was down 25% year-over-year to 107 million, benefiting from continued synergy and productivity savings as well as a lower compensation expense versus the prior year. For the full year, corporate expense was 465 million on an adjusted basis, better than the 480 million to 500 million guidance range we provided last December. I am pleased with the progress in reducing our overall corporate expense, and we expect to see continued improvement in fiscal 18. Now lets turn to free cash flow on Slide 15. In the quarter, we generated $1 billion in reported cash flow. Excluding 100 million of transaction and integration costs in the quarter, adjusted free cash flow was 1.1 billion. This out-performance versus the 900 million Q4 target we provided in July resulted primarily from the strong Q4 volume growth in Power Solutions, which allowed us to work through a portion of the inventory build from the end of the third quarter, and we also saw a reduction in receivables across our businesses. As George mentioned, we are in the process of establishing internal cash management office. This team will be dedicated to improving our overall cash management and forecasting process and will report directly to me. This team will be comprised of individuals from corporate, treasury, our shared service center groups and the business units. This area is one of our top priorities for fiscal 18, and we remain committed to delivering adjusted free cash flow conversion of 80-plus percent, which excludes net onetime cash outflows of $800 million to $900 million related primarily to integration, restructuring and income tax payments. Let me stop there just for a second and give you the components of the onetime items. Weve got restructuring and integration costs of roughly $500 million, which is probably $100 million higher as a result of us accelerating or pulling forward some of these actions to Q4 of 18 versus fiscal 19. Secondly, weve got about $100 million of executive severance and the [Indiscernible] unfavorable arbitration award that occurred in the fourth quarter. Weve got the $50 million worth of Scott Safety tax payments. And then weve got about $350 million, which is broken into two buckets in the tax area. One would be $200 million outflow related to a Mexican tax law change regarding theyll no longer accept consolidated filings in Mexico. Theres a deconsolidation thats required, that will cause $200 million of cash outflows in the first quarter of fiscal 18, and there were some specific tax planning in the U.S which was $150 million outflow. So in aggregate, thats about $1 billion. And as you may recall, 200 -- originally, we thought $300 million was going to be the tax refund in the first quarter of fiscal 18. That number is now $200 million, but the $600 million that we expected in 2019 has now increased to $700 million. So essentially, where we are now is weve got about $1 billion worth of cash outflows and $200 million related to the tax refund in the first quarter, which gets you that $800 million number. And again, I just point out that as we move into 19, we now expect $700 million of tax refunds related to the Adient tax that was paid in the first quarter of 17. Similar to recent years, we expect our adjusted free cash flow to be much more weighted to the second half of the year with an outflow in Q1 and our largest inflow in Q4. Moving to Slide 16. We ended the year with a net debt-to-cap of 39.3% versus 41.2% at June 30. During the quarter, we again took advantage of the low interest rate foreign debt environment and issued $310 million of yen-denominated five year notes and $175 million euro-denominated one year note. During the quarter, we used the strong cash flow generation as well as the debt issuances to repay $1 billion in commercial paper and $150 million bond maturity. Additionally, we repaid $165 million in TSARL debt with Tyco-related cash flows. As everyone knows, the Scott Safety sale to 3M closed in early October, and we repaid $1.9 billion of TSARL debt with the net proceeds from this transaction. These payments, along with the proceeds of the ADT South Africa sale in the second quarter of this year, reduced our original $4 billion in TSARL debt to a current balance of $1.8 billion. During the quarter, we repurchased $225 million in stock or about 5.5 million shares. For the year, we repurchased just under 16 million shares for $650 million. Id also mention that we completed another $150 million of buybacks during the month of October. And as we move through fiscal 18, we will, at a minimum, buy back stock to offset the impact of option dilution. On Slide 17, we provided details in the appendix related to the Q4 special items, all of which have been excluded from our adjusted results. And as I mentioned earlier, the building segment change was effective in the fourth quarter, and we -- and the revised fiscal 17 quarters are provided in the appendix as well. And just finally, the House U.S. tax reform proposal was released last week, and the Senate proposal is expected shortly. Interest deductibility and repatriation taxes on foreign earnings will be headwinds for us, but we are in the early stages of reviewing the overall pluses and minuses [to Johnson Controls] as well as other available tax planning opportunities. So with that, let me turn the call back over to George to review our fiscal 18 guidance.
George Oliver: Thanks, Brian. As I mentioned earlier, we have made significant progress over the past year related to the merger integration, but we still have plenty of work to do. Fiscal 2018 will be a year of change. We will intensely focused on driving execution. Turning to Slide 18. We expect total sales to be in the range of $30.1 billion to $30.7 billion. Based on current exchange rates, this includes a $265 million tailwind related to changes in foreign currency as well as a $70 million tailwind related to lead prices. Additionally, the impact of recent divestitures are expected to be a $700 million headwind to sales. We expect overall organic sales growth to be in the low single digits. Going through our expectations for Buildings and Power, let me start with Buildings. Based on current backlog, we expect organic growth in the low single digits as we begin to ramp our sales capacity in fiscal 2018. From an adjusted EBITA margin perspective, we expect the benefit from synergies and volume growth to be partly offset by gross margin pressure within our North American field business backlog, which I spoke to earlier, as well as continued incremental investments in our products and channels. Overall, we expect adjusted EBITA margin expansion in Buildings of approximately 10 to 30 basis points, including a 40 basis point headwind related to the divestiture of Scott Safety. Underlying margins are expected to increase 50 to 70 basis points. In Power Solutions, we expect organic sales growth in the low to mid-single digits, driven by volume growth in the aftermarket. We expect volume mix and productivity benefits to be offset by higher lead prices and incremental investments including launch costs. We expect adjusted EBITA margins to be relatively flat on a year-over-year basis. As Brian mentioned earlier, we expect to see continued reductions in corporate expense and are targeting an incremental 5% to 9% reduction, which would bring our adjusted corporate expense down to a range of $425 million to $440 million. Overall, we expect adjusted EBIT margins to increase 30 to 50 basis points to 12.2% to 12.4%, which includes a 30 basis point headwind related to the divestiture of Scott Safety. Underlying adjusted EBIT margins are expected to increase 60 to 80 basis points. As we move to the below-the-line items, we expect to see a tailwind to interest expense related to the pay down of the TSARL debt from the Scott Safety proceeds. This decrease is expected to be mostly offset by an increase in variable interest rates. In total, we expect net financing charges to be in the range of $460 million to $475 million. Additionally, we have seen very nice growth from our joint ventures, particularly Hitachi over the last few years and expect to see our noncontrolling interest increase to $200 million to $210 million. Based on these items, we expect adjusted EPS to be in the range of $2.75 to $2.85, which represents a 6% to 10% increase in earnings per share versus fiscal year 2017. As Brian mentioned, we expect adjusted free cash flow conversion of 80-plus percent, which includes CapEx of up to $1.3 billion. Consistent with prior years, we expect our earnings per share to be stronger in the second half of the year due to the normal seasonality of our businesses. We expect our quarterly EPS cadence to be similar to last year with a slightly lower percentage of earnings in the first quarter, given the ramp-up of our sales force and lower margin backlog in Buildings and the lead price movements in Power. With that, let me turn it over to our operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: George, just first on the portfolio and maybe putting Power aside, which is a whole other discussion. Youve only been in the CEO seat for 2.5 months or so but obviously, youve been evaluating the portfolio as COO all along. I wouldnt expect you to name names on what might be a candidate to be divested, but can you give us a general assessment of your view? Is there 5%, 10%, 15% of the portfolio thats kind of a question mark in your mind? Just some way to kind of frame how youre thinking about that. And if you do have some additional thoughts on Power, would love to hear them, too.
George Oliver: So what I would say, Jeff, starting out is certainly over the last couple of months the opportunity to really take a fresh look at the portfolio, Ive been working very closely with the business leaders and really understanding the core businesses, adjacencies and complementary type businesses. Weve got incredible platforms in both Power Solutions and Buildings. But as we look at the portfolio that there are opportunities for potential divestitures where we could take those proceeds and double down on some of our core businesses. And as Ive always demonstrated in the past, as we do this, we certainly will continue to focus on how do we create the most long-term shareholder value in the remix of the portfolio. So what I would say is starting out here, just with the type of businesses that youve seen us looking at here, in that kind of high single-digit, mid- to high-single digits potentially as some opportunities here that we see that are kind of outside of our core that would raise capital and be able to position us to be able to double down from an investment standpoint in our more core HVAC and building system businesses within our Buildings portfolio.
Jeff Sprague: Mid- to high-single digits within Buildings not relative to total?
George Oliver: That is correct.
Jeff Sprague: Yes. And I was wondering also, just shifting gears on tax and cash flow and the like, really kind of a couple questions, or related, anyhow, for Brian. How do we get comfortable that its Mexico next year and its not something else the year after, so to speak? And I wonder if you could just elaborate a little bit more on the magnitude of pressures you see on U.S. tax reform relative to your initial analysis.
Brian Stief: Yes. So let me start with U.S. tax reform. And I think the two areas that I commented on providing the most headwind are probably the limitations on interest deductibility as well as the repatriation taxes on foreign earnings. And we are in the early stages, Jeff, of taking a look at the implications of the proposal, and well see what comes out from the Senate as well. But those two items certainly do put pressure on our effective rate in the mid-teens where it is today. But Id also say that until we really sit back and study all the provisions of it, we really arent in a position today to comment on what the ultimate effect will be because Im sure therell be tax planning opportunities that well have in front of us as well. So I think this is one were going to probably just have to keep front and center with you and everyone on the call. And the more information we get and as ultimately the regulations come out, well address it at that time. As far as your comment on Mexico, the calculations that were completed on the specifics around deconsolidation of Mexican returns, I mean the tax law changed, just to give you a little bit of color here, was that in Mexico, no longer can you file a consolidated return and get group tax relief, but youve got to file individual returns. And that payment is required to be made for us in our first quarter of fiscal 18, and we didnt finish the calculations on what that net payment was going to be after unpacking all of these individual returns until just recently. And so the one thing I would point out there is that the payment that were going to make of $200 million, the way these regulations are working in Mexico, we will recoup that payment over a period of time of up to seven years. So its something well get back over time, but it was a onetime payment thats large enough that we called out in our commentary here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa of JP Morgan.
Steve Tusa: So just wanted to kind of dig into these first half margin dynamics. You said youre adding some new salespeople. The backlog margins are down. So can you just give us some color on kind of how that -- at a higher level, just perhaps in an operating margin level, how that will play through here in the first half to make sure people are kind of level set on the expectation as these costs and this lower margin revenue rolls through?
George Oliver: Sure. So let me start with North America. As I said, we have about $5.2 billion in backlog there. And as that flows through, theres probably about 75 basis points of headwind in that and combined with the investments were making in the sales and were making good progress there, that certainly is going to create some pressure in the first half as were ramping up the orders and that begins to convert to revenues. So thats the -- thats one big part of it. And then the other is when we look at our reinvestment, we are -- last year, we had about $0.06 of reinvestment mainly into our products. And thats beginning to really start to show performance as we look at our products organic growth, and that will continue here through 18. And were estimating somewhere around $0.06 or $0.08 of reinvestment into our products. Those are the two large pieces as we think about 2018 guidance. Brian, maybe you want to comment?
Brian Stief: I would just comment on Buildings, thats correct, George. And then when you look at Power Solutions given the spike up that we have seen in lead over the last few months here, theres probably a bit of headwind as we look at just Q1 impact. But as weve kind of commented on before, when it spikes like that, we can have an individual quarter impact based upon the arrangements weve got with our customers to pass on those lead increases over the course of the year that tends to normalize, and we wouldnt expect that to be a big number for the year. But there could be a little bit of an impact in Q1 from the spike in lead prices as well, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Got it. So when I look at this kind of EPS growth trajectory for the year, $0.06 to $0.10 off of the $0.48 in 1Q -- or sorry $0.53 in 1Q 17, I mean will you be growing earnings here in the first quarter?
George Oliver: Yes, I think the way to think about this is weve historically been around 20% in the first quarter. And then its probably been maybe slightly less of that in the second quarter. And so I think, for the first quarter, you can probably dial it in maybe a little less than where weve been before, but thats kind of the general guidance wed give.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then one last question for you. The whole comp discussion around what youre getting paid for, I guess its EBIT, organic growth and conversion, is there any -- so if like tax rates go up and your net income is impacted by that and your free cash is impacted by that, that doesnt impact your -- the kind of incentive package you guys have. Is that correct?
Brian Stief: On the AIPP side, thats correct. On the long-term side, it could have some impact. But the short-term bonus here, it would be 1/3 on EBIT growth, 1/3 on organic revenue growth and 1/3 on free cash flow conversion. And then there could be some modifiers that might also address things like EBIT margin improvement to ensure that we arent just chasing revenue dollars, that were chasing profitable growth.
Steve Tusa: And thats adjusted conversion?
Brian Stief: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Deane Dray of RBC Capital Markets.
David Lu: This is David Lu on for Deane. So on the cash flow for 2018, could you parse out sort of what the increase or the ramp-up from 2017 and 2018 will be? Is it more on the working capital side? I know you gave some color around CapEx, but how should we think about the different buckets that leads to the sequential increase in cash flow?
Brian Stief: Yes. So CapEx is going to be still in the range of about $1.3 billion -- up to $1.3 billion. The way to think about that is if you look at where we are this year and adjust for the items that we talked about in the third quarter, what happened in the fourth quarter here, we were able to flush through about $100 million or so of the inventory build that we saw at the end of the third quarter in Power Solutions, and we also saw about $100 million reduction in receivables. So if you recall at the end of the third quarter, we talked in terms of a couple of hundred million dollars in inventory we thought we could take out and $100 million worth of receivables. So $200 million to $300 million, we were able to take out in the fourth quarter here. So theres really $100 million more that we expect in the inventory side. And then I would tell you that would get you up to that 80% plus range. And beyond that, it would be the additional effort that our cash management office team is going to put in place to continue to drive trade working capital improvements and look at payment terms and billing terms to our customers. So right now, were looking at around 80% plus.
David Lu: Great. And then for my follow-up, can provide an update on the nonresidential sector either in the U.S. or globally, how has it trended? How do you expect it to trend in 2018, is it accelerating or decelerating? Just any color around that would be great.
George Oliver: Yes. So when we look at our nonresidential, we get pretty good presence across all the regions. If you break it out into regions, North America is going to -- as we said, we see lots of opportunity there. Were expanding our sales force here to be able to capitalize on that. If you look at the metrics, there has been plus or minuses here recently, but were starting to -- we still see a very strong pipeline for growth and thats what were ultimately positioned to do to accelerate orders through the course of the year and then begin to turn that as we go through the year. Regionally, when you look at EMEA/LA, our businesses in EMEA/LA, were actually performing pretty well. Weve seen some nice progress in Continental Europe offsetting some little bit of pressure weve had in the U.K. And as we plan for 2018, its still going to continue to grow low single digits. Latin America has been pretty strong for us in -- with the investments and the expansions weve been making there. Thats been a bit better than the EMEA region. If you look at -- in Asia Pac when we look at our business there and the investments were making, we see nice progress here in 2017 with the new products that were bringing into that market and the footprint expansion. And so I would say that we are continuing to look at kind of mid-single digits opportunity there with the market continuing to play out as we expected and then with the investments were making. So overall, a fairly solid position as far as a market standpoint. And then with the investments were making, were going to be positioned to capitalize on that on a go-forward basis.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz of Citi. Go ahead, please.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible] on for Andy. So Building Solutions was down 1% in the quarter and orders were flat. So can you talk about your outlook for Building Solutions business within the low single-digit organic growth for Buildings overall?
George Oliver: When you look at our business here, lets looks at fourth quarter in Buildings, we are seeing some nice progress in our products businesses pretty much across the board. And thats an output of some of the fire and security markets coming back and those businesses performing well in the fourth quarter. And then with the investments weve been making in HVAC and controls and the regionalization of some of those products, were beginning to see the pickup, and that also would include the work weve been doing with Hitachi. So we see that with those investments continuing in 2018. When you look at the field businesses, thats where the pressure has been. We were down about 1%, and that was driven by our performance solutions business in North America as well as we did see some timing of some of our projects in Asia, we saw a little bit of slowdown there, but we got a very robust pipeline of opportunities and were seeing the orders coming through there. So dont believe that thats a longer-term concern. So when you look at what were doing from a sales capacity standpoint, where we fell short in 2017, weve now, over the last few months, picked up our activity in being able to add salespeople not only driving projects but also service. And so as we now project what thats going to mean, well see accelerating orders through the course of the year and start to see better conversion of the backlog that we have in place. Backlog was up 4% year-on-year so that does give us confidence that well begin to see the acceleration of revenue through the course of 2018. And while were driving increased secured orders, that also gives us confidence that, as we plan for 2018, well be in a much better position to continue that acceleration of growth.
Unidentified Analyst: And then in terms of synergies, can you talk about any progress youre seeing on the revenue synergies with any cross-selling opportunities that continue to progress?
George Oliver: Sure. I mean whats happening is we -- within our business, we have very strong relationships with the customers that weve served historically, whether it be HVAC controls or whether it be fire and security. And weve seen nice progress here in the first year with pipelines, pipelines developing and then the conversion of those pipelines across the board. And what I would tell you is most of these projects are in -- its anywhere from less than $1 million to $5 million or $10 million. These are customers that have expansion that -- theyre executing on expansions that were bringing in, our combined capabilities to truly differentiate how we can serve their needs within the new space, and were starting to see some really nice traction. And so on a go-forward basis, when we originally laid out the longer-term plan, we did say that the first year was going to be about securing orders and that the second and third, wed start to see the conversion of revenue. So thats whats going to happen. Well start to see a pickup of the -- now that were beginning to see orders, were going to start to see the acceleration of the turn of those orders into revenue here in 2018.
Brian Stief: And I would just comment, I would just add to that, that weve got -- there is a lot of momentum that weve got in the back half of this year. So we arent seeing benefit in 17 from the revenue pull-through. But given the third and fourth quarter activity, well get some benefit on the top line in 18.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Kwas of Wells Fargo. Go ahead please.
Rich Kwas: On CapEx, so up to 1.3 billion, what does that imply for the Power CapEx? I thought there was some expansion of facilities in China. So whats the latest on that?
Brian Stief: So for Power Solutions next year, weve got 500 million in the plan, and that would include the construction of the facility that will be part of our Bohai Piston joint venture. The other facility that weve talked about in China will be starting late in 18, maybe even into 19. So the second facility in China will probably not have a big impact on the cash flows in fiscal 18.
Rich Kwas: So Brian, I know as we think about 19, is this still kind of the peakish year for CapEx as you look out the next couple of years or is there still bit of a ramp in 19?
Brian Stief: No, I would say this is the peak. I mean, I could see depending upon levels of the Buildings investments, I would say that were probably looking at the 1.3 billion being a peak. I mean, it would have to be something very opportunistic for us to not have a peak at the 1.3 billion. Even at that level, we end up with the reinvestment ratio thats 1.4, 1.5, something like that. So were working to get that down into the more 1.1, 1.2 range.
Rich Kwas: Okay, good. And then just on the synergies, so 300 million for 17. It was better than expected. The guide includes 250 million. Is that a conservative number? Or is it a reasonable number? I mean, how should we interpret that, considering you had upside last year? And I know theres moving parts with regards to projects and whatnot, but how do you feel that in terms of potentially delivering some upside to that later in the year?
Brian Stief: Id say we guided 250 million to 300 million last year. We ended up at the high end. I would tell you the 250 million is a number thats pretty much what weve got road map for fiscal 18. I mean as we go through the year, could there be some upside? Maybe. But right now, weve got the teams focused on the 250 million, which is exactly what weve got in our trackers, and were working toward delivering that. So I think thats where we are, Rich.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then quick last one. Whats the lead price assumption for the year?
Brian Stief: 2,100.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna of Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Congratulations, George, on the new job. So two questions. First one, if you could expand upon why pricing in the backlogs softer in North America. Is it a function of chasing worse projects or is it just the demands conditions warrant that? And if you could just expand that comment to pricing in the applied market abroad as well? And as a follow-up, Brian, will adjusted free -- will actual free cash flow, all in, in 2019 exceed adjusted free cash flow? And if so, by how much, given the $700 million Adient tax recovery? Any color there on both of those questions?
George Oliver: Sure, Gautam, Ill take the margin pressure. As I said in my prepared remarks, the incentive systems that were in place were incentivizing purely sales in the past. And what weve done, weve changed that now on a go-forward basis that its sales and margins. So we werent consistently applying that concept across the board. And so over the last -- its really been over the last 18 months, there certainly was a deterioration of book margins. And as a result, that backlog then plays out over the course of 18 months, and youve got pressure in gross margins.  That all being said, weve got the discipline in place, the accountability thats going to ultimately drive improvement. And then with all of the other cost actions that were taking, well get benefit also in addition to the pricing to be able to improve that gross margin through the course of the year. And so -- and then the other element is service growth. As I talked about, making sure that were getting the right mix of service growth, which as you know is higher profit growth within those field businesses, we had -- it was very low single-digit growth in 2017. I believe, and were working across the board to accelerate that service growth, which is going to be a very attractive part of the business on a go-forward basis. So its really those two elements that contribute to the overall margin rate. And I have confidence with the actions that weve taken that we will be positioned to execute well on that.
Gautam Khanna: Pricing outside the U.S. as well? Just on pricing outside the U.S. as well?
George Oliver: Yes. So weve been -- we have had a little bit of price cost as it relates to some of the HVAC equipment, and youve seen that with some of our competitors. Weve been very disciplined around price and continuing to put a lot of intensity and driving out cost. And so what Id say is the price cost in the fourth -- it was in the fourth quarter, it was about $20 million or 30 basis points within our building segment, were going to see a little bit more of that in the first quarter. But based on all of the reviews and the details Ive seen, with the price actions that have been taken, with the other cost actions, that well start to see that improve in the second quarter and beyond within 2018.
Brian Stief: Gautam, so on cash flow for 19, I mean its a bit early to talk about 19, but I guess Ill give you my thoughts as we sit here today. That $600 million refund from the Adient tax payment is now $700 million that were going to get in 19. And I think weve talked in the past, we hope to get that in fiscal 19. Whether its fiscal 19 or calendar 19 really depends upon how quickly we can get it through a joint committee because, given the size of the refund, its got to go to joint committee. But obviously, were targeting to get it in fiscal 19. So that $700 million, when we look at the other onetime items that could be out there, itd be restructuring and integration, and I would expect those to be well below that $700 million number as we move into fiscal 19, theres probably a bit of a wildcard, right? Relative to tax reform and what that might mean. I guess we just need to sort through that. But I guess the short response is I would expect adjusted free cash flow or reported cash flow to exceed adjusted free cash flow in fiscal 19.
Operator: Your last question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski of Wolfe Research.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Just to continue on some of the comments that you guys made on the margin pressure, gross margin pressure in the backlog. George, I think at Tyco, you went through a similar phenomenon when you took over there trying to bring up backlog margins and enhance some bidding discipline. I think there was a period of time where that selectivity showed up in growth. Is that something that you guys are anticipating in the current outlook? Is that something that over the next couple of quarters could be kind of a slow or uneven handoff as you just work that through the system?
George Oliver: Not at all. Were doing both. I mean -- I think whats different is that during that period of time, maybe the markets werent as strong. And when we did the selectivity, it resulted in a net decline obviously with margins significantly improving. What I would tell you in the current environment is the market is pretty strong. Were adding salespeople, talking to our customers. Were getting a lot of good feedback that theres a lot more we can do for our customers and making sure that now we got the capacity to go after that and staying focused on projects that ultimately create the most amount of value. And then certainly from a price standpoint, we get the proper return for the projects that we actually deliver. And so I think it is different than what we went through in Tyco. Some of the same principles apply. Its more focus and discipline and making sure that the incentive systems are aligned to ultimately what were trying to achieve both in growth as well as margins.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got you. Thats helpful. And just a follow-up on the cash flow, it seems like the mix of growth that you guys are projecting for 18 between more growth in Asia, more growth in Power or Asia on the -- or on the building side, those would be, I guess, your lower cash generating businesses since Asia has Hitachi, if thats a big component of the growth and obviously Power is a working capital consumer. Is that something that factors into maybe a suboptimal mix of cash flow growth this year and that could normalize something better than 80%? Im just trying to calibrate. It seems like the mix of growth is not your best case scenario for free cash generation.
Brian Stief: I dont think thats going to impact it in a big way. I guess the way to think about this right now is were looking at the Buildings business globally. Targets about 85% free cash flow, and Power Solutions is around 70% today with the growth investments were making. I think as we work through some of the growth investments that weve talked about on this call at Power, I think moving toward the 90% target weve got in 2020, thats still where were headed. But I dont think the mix that youre referring -- the geographic mix youre referring to is going to be a -- is going to impact that in any significant way.
Antonella Franzen: Operator, Id just like to turn the call over to George Oliver for some closing comments.
George Oliver: Thanks, Antonella. And again, thanks, everyone, for joining our call this morning. As I mentioned earlier, Im even more excited about the future opportunity as we look at 2018 and beyond and certainly look forward to engaging with many of you here over the next coming weeks. So, operator, that concludes our call today.
Operator: That concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-07-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Johnson Controls' Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will turn the call over to Antonella Franzen, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls' third quarter fiscal 2017 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning, as well as the conference call slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. With me today are Johnson Controls' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Alex Molinaroli; President and Chief Operating Officer, George Oliver; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief. Before we begin, I like to remind you that during the course of today's call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you view today's press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that we've included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions, and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted EBITA and adjusted EBIT margins, exclude transaction, integration, and separation costs, as well as other special items. These metrics are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release. All comparisons to the prior year are on a combined basis, which excludes the results of Adient, and includes the results of Tyco, net of conforming accounting adjustments and recurring purchase accounting. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Johnson Controls' ordinary shareholders was $0.59 for the quarter and included net charges of $0.12 related to special items. These special items were primarily composed of transaction and integration costs, a mark-to-market pension as well as restructuring and impairment charges. Adjusting for these special items, non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.71 per share compared to $0.61 in the prior year quarter. Now, let me turn the call over to Alex.
Alex Molinaroli: Thanks, Antonella. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining the call today. So if you've read - written in the release and our slides this morning, we reported a quarter of solid EPS growth, strong margin expansion, driven by that continued progress with our synergies and our productivity actions. I'm on Slide 5. As you'll hear from George in more detail, we continue to be below our overall revenue plan. And I just want to point out that many of our businesses and our regions are seeing some good growth and others have fallen short. So it's not across the board. Also, I need to point out that within Buildings, it would be wrong for me to say that I'm sure the merger itself and some of the changes that have come along with that have created some near term distractions that have contributed us not achieving our top-line objectives. We believe we can get that back on track. Our teams will however continue to offset the revenue shortfall by our continued driving of strategy and productivity benefits. Given our year-to-date performance and the expectations for the fourth quarter, we are guiding to the low-end of our prior range and we expect our full year adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.60 to $2.62. This will be a 13% EPS growth year-over-year, strong growth, but not quite where we expect it to be when we laid out our guidance in December. Although we haven't achieved all of our objectives, I do remain confident that our strategy and the strategic platform that we're creating, the decisions we're making around integration and organization are positioning us well to serve our customers today and in the long-term. It's going to help us lean out our cost structure. And ultimately, will drive both top line and bottom line results. And finally, let me talk about cash conversion. This is clearly a need - needs to and will improve. In addition to the large cash outflows this year related to the tax payments and the merger transaction, we've also made some operational decisions that have affected our underlying cash conversions. Brian will talk about these in some detail. And George will address it also. So, if you go to Slide 6, and it's to kind of give you an overview of or recap of our results. The total company sales for the quarter increased 1% year over year to $7.7 billion. Organically our sales grew similarly, 1% year over year. Organic growth in Buildings is a little over 2%, partially offset by a modest decline in our power business of 2%. And George will provide more color and the trends in both of those businesses. Adjusted EBIT dollars are up 15% year-over-year. We saw solid profitability growth in the segment EBITA level, primarily driven by the continued focus on cost synergies and productivity initiatives. And we benefited also from the lower corporate cost and amortization expense versus prior year, the corporate synergies and the Scott Safety transaction respectively. Adjusted EBIT margins expanded 150 basis points in the quarter to 13%. If you just for impact of FX and lead, margins actually expanded 170 basis points year-over-year. And lastly, EPS for the quarter was up 16% year over year to $0.71. With that, I'll turn it over to George, to talk about the integration and also the business performance.
George Oliver: Thanks, Alex, and good morning, everyone. Let me start on Slide 7, by providing an update on the integration. The new organization structure in Buildings is now in place. And we have selected the best athletes and have asked them to play new positions on the field. Region by region, business by business, we have completely realigned the leadership structure in order to eliminate cost and redundant layers of management as well to optimize sales and service productivity. Naturally, this degree of change in a merger of this size brings with it the potential for short-term challenges as the players familiarize themselves with the playbook. With this in mind, we made a deliberate strategic decision to move as quickly as possible to implement our new organizational structure, recognizing this may result in a few false starts in the near-term, but will result in a winning strategy in team in the medium and long term. We remain fully committed to achieving our synergy and productivity savings targets. And have made great progress during the quarter delivering roughly $80 million or about $0.07 in year over year savings. We continue to track towards the high end of the original $250 million to $300 million range in cost energies and productivity savings for the year. With roughly $0.18 achieved through the third quarter, we continue to expect to achieve $0.09 in the fourth quarter, which would total $0.27 in savings for the full year. I am proud of the work we've done across the organization and the significant progress we are making on achieving merger-related costs energies. As I review the regional performance in Buildings, I will touch on some cross selling wins. Let's turn to Slide 8. On a reported basis, Building sales in the quarter were flat versus the prior year at $6.1 billion, as 2% organic growth was entirely offset by the impact of FX and net divestitures. Our field business, which as a reminder represents about 65% to 70% of total Building sales, grew 1% organically year over year with mixed performance across the regions. We saw continued momentum in our global applied HVAC business, which grew in the mid-single-digit range. Fire and security, the legacy Tyco installation and service businesses, declined in the low-single-digit range partly due to a tougher comp with the prior year. Let me quickly walk through the regions, starting with North America. As many of you know, North America is the largest region for both legacy businesses and therefore creates the great opportunity for growth from both a top and bottom line perspective. This is also the region that has undergone the most significant amount of change. At the beginning of the third quarter, we put in place a new regional organizational structure, which combine fire and security with HVAC and controls with 27 [P&L] [ph] leaders. The structure eliminates an organization layer, while increasing our sales management and selling capacity. This now gives us an opportunity to make sure our processes are consistent, that we harmonize the way we go to market, where it makes sense and we take advantage of scale. These leaders are a mix of legacy Johnson Controls and legacy Tyco leadership, who know a lot about where they came from, but have a learning curve with the rest of the business. This added a bit of pressure to the quarter. Organic revenue growth was flat year-over-year, with orders down 4%. Keep in mind, order activity can be lumpy and when adjusting for the timing of large orders, year-over-year order growth was relatively flat. As we've now been operating in this structure for a few months, we are continuing to make progress improving the level of depth and expertise of the P&L leaders. Although there has been some short-term impact, I am very pleased with the progress that has been made over the quarter, including the success we have had with cross-selling wins. We designed and implemented a new sales operating model to enable our customers to buy, how they want to buy. For example, during the quarter, we won a large project in the healthcare vertical. The fire team secured the order to install a fire detection system in a new building as well as the retrofit work in two existing buildings. Embracing the one team approach, the fire team brought in their HVAC colleagues, who are able to successfully displace a large HVAC competitor. Moving to Asia Pacific, we had a strong quarter all around, despite the concerns of softening macroeconomic conditions both organic revenue growth in orders were up in the high-single-digit driven by China and Northeast Asia. Contributing to the growth was a strong increase in service revenue. We've added additional technicians in China and Japan. And we are seeing nice growth as a result. Additionally, the team had several cross-selling wins in the quarter, which contributed to the high-single-digit order growth. For example, the team secured a nice win in Hong Kong for cooling systems in 19 rail stations. By leveraging cross business relationships, the team was able to secure this win over a seeded competitor. Moving to EMEA, the macroeconomic indicators are mixed across the region. Within our businesses in Europe, low-single-digit growth in Continental Europe was partially offset by a decline in the UK, resulting an overall modest growth. The Middle East on the other hand continues to be challenged. However, the decline has moderated to the mid-single-digit. Lastly, Latin America continues to grow organically, primarily driven by our subscriber business. Overall, orders in the EMEA region were down modestly. Looking now at our product business, which represents remaining 30% to 35% of Buildings sales increased 4% organically year-over-year. A nice sequential improvement from the 1% decline we saw last quarter. We continue to see very strong growth in our North America residential and light commercial HVAC business, which grew high-single-digit organically, benefitting from a significant amount of new product launches, despite beginning to lot more difficult comparisons. Our Hitachi business also grew high-single-digits organically aided by a recovery in the timing of shipments, we discussed last quarter. Additionally, as expected our Fire & Security product businesses have stabilized and our holding flat with prior year. Trailing EBITA increased 7% year-over-year to $908 million. The segment margin expanded 110 basis points to 15%, a strong synergy and productivity savings modest volume leverage in favorable mix more than offset planned incremental product and channel investments during the quarter. Turning to orders and backlog on Slide 9, total Building orders increased 1% year-over-year organically, up 3% when adjusting for the timing of large orders, driven by 4% increase in product orders, which drove the revenue in the quarter given the book and shift nature of that business. Field orders were flat with the prior year and strong growth in Asia Pacific was partially offset by a decline in North America and EMEA, as I previously mentioned. In terms of the order pipeline, we are seeing continued momentum in the U.S. market, with stable growth in non-residential construction verticals year-over-year. And expect to see orders growth in our North American field business next quarter. Backlog of $8.4 billion was 3% higher year-over-year, excluding the impact of foreign exchange and M&A. In summary, the teams are coming together as well, having been very engaged with every member of the team through this process. I remain convinced that the strategy of this combined entity is going to continue to unlock significant value for customers, employees and shareholders. Tuning to Power Solutions on Slide 10. Sales increased 6% year-over-year on a reported basis to $1.6 billion, driven by the impact of lead pass-through, which benefitted powers top line by roughly 8 percentage points. Organic sales were down 2% driven by 3% decline in global unit shipments with declines in both the OE and aftermarket channels. OE unit shipments declined 6% versus last year with particular weakness in the U.S. and EMEA related to lower OEM production volumes, which declined at a similar rate. On the aftermarket side, which comp for roughly 75% of our volumes, unit shipments declined 2% year-over-year. Weakness in the aftermarket channel was more prevalent in EMEA and China, where customers delayed order decisions based on the drop in LME lead prices throughout the quarter. Given the typical restocking that takes place in the late summer months, we expect low to mid single digit organic growth in the fourth quarter. Global shipments of start-stop batteries continue to expand with 17% increase year-over-year, despite a difficult plus 22% prior year comparison, including another quarter of significant growth in China and the Americas. The decline in EMEA was tight to the lower level of production in Europe. Power Solutions segment EBITA of $304 million increased 8% on a reported basis, or 7% excluding foreign currency and lead. Power's margin expanded 40 basis points year-over-year on a reported basis, including a 120 basis points headwind from the impact of higher lead costs. On an EBITA dollar basis, lead was a slight tailwind in the third quarter. Underlying margins excluding the impact of lead increased $160 basis points year-over-year driven by favorable price mix as well as productivity benefits partially offset by lower volume leverage. Now let me turn the call over to Brian to walk through corporate and the consolidated financial details of the quarter, as well as our outlook for the fourth quarter.
Brian Stief: Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. On Slide 11, you can see that our corporate expenses were $23 million or 16% lower than last year, as we continue to see the benefits from the ongoing synergy and productivity actions we have in place. And we continue to feel that the corporate expenses for the full year will fall at the low-end of the $480 million to $500 million range we originally provided. Before we go into the financial highlight section here, I just comment that our results for the quarter due reflect some special items again transaction and integration costs, restructuring costs and primarily mark-to-market charges those are outlined for you in the appendix both for Q3 and on a year-to-date basis. And as I go through the commentary, I'll exclude those items from my comments. I'll also just say then I'm going to move through the financial highlight section pretty quickly here, because I'd like to spend a little bit more time in the area of free cash flow. So on Slide 12, you can see that our sales in the quarter were up 1% to $7.7 billion. It's also reported in organic basis. And SG&A expenses were down 6% quarter-over-quarter again reflecting our teams ongoing focus on cost and synergy realization. If you look at equity income of $69 million, significantly higher than a year-ago, and that again demonstrates the strong performance of the Hitachi non-consolidated joint ventures as well as some Power Solutions joint ventures. So for the quarter, EBIT was up 15% to $1 billion and overall EBIT margins of 13%, were very strong up 150 basis points from 2016. Moving to Slide 13, you can see the net financing costs were up $124 million versus last year and as primarily due to the debt issuances that we discussed with you last quarter. Our effective tax rate of 15% continues to compare favorably to our prior year rate of 17%, and you can see that our income attributable to non-controlling interest is $74 million, which was up $18 million from the prior year, and that continues to reflect the strong performance of the Hitachi joint ventures. The overall diluted EPS for the quarter of $0.71 is up 16% versus the $0.61 a year-ago. Moving to Slide 14, just a quick EPS waterfall here for Q3, and you can see that we delivered our targeted $0.07 benefit from cost synergies and productivity savings in the quarter. Organic growth in Buildings and some favorable mix in Buildings and Power provide additional $0.03, and we again picked up the $0.02 from the tax rate. These were partially offset by incremental investments in our business of $0.01 and $0.01 of foreign exchange. I will just comment that each of these bridge items are right in line with the Q4 - Q3 waterfall guidance we gave on our second quarter call. So now let's move to free cash flow, given the significant cash impacts of special items during the year, we've provided a reconciliation for you both for Q3 and Q4 - Q3, year-to-date. The items that we have called out relate to transaction integration costs, and restructuring costs as well as the tax payments. When you look at our Q3 and year-to-date adjusted free cash flow of $200 million, it's obviously well below, where we would typically be at that at this point in the year. And I just like to make a few comments on a few specific items here. As Alex mentioned, there were some specific operational decisions that were made in the quarter, which have resulted in cash outflows versus our original guidance. This included $400 million inventory build in Power Solutions as well as the establishment of our hedge of our stock-based deferred compensation liabilities. And I'll comment on each of those in a second. In addition to those two items the timing of dividends from several of our equity affiliates have been delayed, pending further discussion with our minority partners on whether those dividends - when those dividends will be paid, we're still be reinvested in the business. So talking about the Power Solutions inventory build that was really driven by customer requests to ensure that we meet their stocking demands during the fourth quarter of this year and the first quarter of fiscal 2018. I just comment that in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we incurred incremental service and support costs and likely lost business opportunities due to inventory shortages that we had during the peak season, and we want to minimize that as we move in to this year's second half of the calendar year. In addition, the lower sales volumes in Q3 and Q2 increased our overall inventory levels. Consistent with Johnson Controls past practice pre-Tyco merger and the Adient spin-off, we made a decision in Q3 to hedge our stock-based deferred compensation liabilities in order to reduce the future income statement volatility associated with the movements on our stock price. As many of you know, Q4 is always a strong cash quarter for Johnson Controls and historically for Tyco as well. And we expect to deliver adjusted free cash flow of approximately $900 million, which is slightly higher than last year on a pro forma combined basis of JCI and Tyco. I'd like to do a little walk here to take you back to the original guidance that we've provided of $2.1 billion. If you adjust that for the decline in our earnings per share for the year, you arrive at a number of - between $1.9 billion and $2 billion. And so the bridge that I'd like to kind of take you through here is for the first three quarters of this year, we've got adjusted cash flow of $200 million as you see on the chart. We've got Q4 projected cash flow of $900 million to get to the $1.1 billion. And then if you add to that the inventory build Power Solutions, the equity hedge of $100 million, the delayed dividends from the JV of $100 million, you get to a $1.7 billion. And then on top of that we have seen in the quarter, and a little bit and late in the second quarter of build in receivables within the Buildings business. And that relates I think in part to the fact that we're consolidating a lot of activities into our shared service centers globally right now merging the Tyco locations with the JCI shared service centers. And we've seen a little bit of a build in receivables that we've got to go after here in the fourth quarter and in the fiscal 2018. I would also kind of step back and look at the trade working capital as a percentage of sales. And if you look at, I guess, I would call it our entitlement just to - if we would target trade working capital as a percentage of sales in the Buildings business to be around 12%, and the Power Solutions business to be around 20%. I think we've got about $500 million plus opportunity to go after some trade working capital opportunities here beginning in the fourth quarter through fiscal 2018. Our free cash flow is below plan levels and we recognized it's been very choppy in 2017 both in terms of the number of adjustments that we're talking you through, as well as overall free cash flow conversion rates. We're committed to improving working capital in 2018, and we think the gap between our reported cash flow and our adjusted free cash flow should tighten. And we also think that our free cash flow conversion rate should now be above the 80%, as certain of the operational items that I just talked about should in fact turn in the fourth quarter - late in the fourth quarter or into fiscal 2018. Moving to Slide 16 on the balance sheet. At the end of the third quarter, our net debt to capital ratio is 41.2% up from 40.3% the prior quarter and. And as most of you know, we are moving forward with the share repurchase program in the second half of this year, it was up by about $500 million in the second quarter, and year-to-date we've repurchased 10.2 million shares for about $426 million. And we would expect the full year repurchases to be in the range of $650 million and $750 million. Just talking through a couple of other items that you'll see in Q4. We'll see the items related to restructuring transaction integration costs and income taxes, we also will have our normal mark-to-market on pension and OPAB [ph] in the fourth quarter. And in addition to that I would mention that we've got the reportable segment change for Buildings that will be made in our fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. And as part of our earnings in Q4, we will provide restated quarters our new segment basis for Buildings. And then finally, I just wanted to confirm that the sale of our Scott Safety business to 3M is expected to close in Q1 of 2018, and the net proceeds of between $1.8 billion and $1.9 billion will be used to pay down the $4 billion TSarl that was incurred in connection with the Tyco transaction. Turning to Slide 18, as far as Q4 guidance is $0.86 to $0.88 which was up 13% to 16% versus $0.76 last year. We've got a year-over-year waterfall, as we've mentioned before, we continue to believe there will be $0.09 of benefit related to cost synergies and productivity savings. And we'll have volume and mix of $0.01, which reflects some price cost pressure that we expect to see as we move through the fourth quarter. Our effective tax rate of 15% compares favorably to the prior year of 17, so that contributes a couple of $0.01. And I would just comment, we continue to evaluate additional tax synergy opportunities related to the Tyco merger. And finally continued investments on our Buildings and Power businesses represent $0.01 impact in the fourth quarter. So overall our organic growth is now estimated to be 2% to 3% over last year with overall EBIT margin expansion of 70 to 90 basis points. As far as full year guidance on Page 19, given our reduced Q4 organic revenue growth we are guiding full year EPS to the low end of the range previously provided that range is $2.60 to $2.62, which represents a year-over-year increase of approximately 13% versus $2.31 on a pro forma basis last year. And with that, Antonella, we can open it up for questions.
Antonella Franzen: Thanks, Brian. Operator, can you please open up the lines and provide instructions for asking a question?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning.
Deane Dray: Hey, maybe we can start with, Alex, your opening comments you referred to some of the distractions on the integration. And may be George was referencing the same thing about some false starts. But maybe you could give some examples or some specifics around where that might have been seen in the quarter and how that has been addressed as we look at fiscal fourth quarter?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, so the two things that I'd point out is - one is kind of clear when Brian talked about our receivables issue. If you look at it, as we started moving to shared services I think there is a distraction there. So either some cash, it wasn't collected. Process has changed, people have moved and locations have moved as it relates to some of our collections. So that's one that's pretty easy to get your head wrapped around. We'd like to think that we were not going to have, that things are going to hit the ground. But obviously, if you just look at - if you see the underlying receivables, it was some of the stuff that Brian talked about, you can see that that is something we can get back. But we lost a few days if you look at our DSO. And if you think about where the - I think George referenced the largest part of our business being North America. That is where both businesses came together. And as we came together, it's just - you can't point to a specific thing and say, well, we lost a project or somebody got distracted. But you just know, because those changes happened right after the end of this second quarter. I mean, we timed it to make sure that we got through the second quarter and then we made the changes. And so it's just logical to understand when you go through that kind of change in your field organization, that you're going to have a little bit of time that people need to adjust to the new bosses and new organization. But in the end, when you get out in front of the customer that hasn't changed, so the reason we have confidence that this is a - you know what, a short term challenge and one that's hard to put your finger on is that, that when you get in front of the customer the people that recall on the customer service and the customer - and their boss at the local level has not changed. But when you look above that, much leaner structure and much more logical structure, one that's going to work for a long term, but it's just - it just change. And I think that it would be naive for us to think that that didn't have somewhat of an impact, probably on some of our order secured is my guess. And so, hopefully, orders aren't lost, it's just - we just got to go through a process. So that's the way - George, you probably have more color on it. But that's the way that I would characterize it. North America would probably be the place that we're going to see, it is where we see it.
George Oliver: Yeah, just a little bit to add, Deane. I would say that, when you look at the Buildings organization, you've taken two very large organizations. And although we talk about legacy JCI, legacy Tyco, we're running these businesses across the globe together. And so you can imagine from a leadership standpoint, the changes that had to occur. And I am more confident than ever, the way that the teams have come together. And the sales management, sales capacity that we've created, while taking out layers of management that, that is going to translate to accelerate the acceleration of orders and growth. Our pipeline, although we didn't convert in the quarter, we see a very nice pipeline built across the globe with opportunities and the quoting activity as a result of that pipeline is increasing. So I'm developing more confidence every day that as we put these organizations together, building off of the strong customer relationships that we had within the legacy structures, working together now into operating system, we're now seeing that coming through.
Deane Dray: Got it. And then, just as a follow up on the free cash flow situation for the quarter, for Brian, is that $500 million trade working capital opportunity? That sounds like a new target. Just the degree of confidence and going after that, the pace of which you think you can begin to ring that out and does this change in any way the JCI longer term goal of reaching 90% free cash flow conversion by 2020?
Brian Stief: No, the 90% is still intact, Deane. And as far as the $500 million, that's a target that's based upon where we think our optimal position is on trade working capital as a percentage of sales in each of our businesses. And historically, Building Efficiency and Tyco, I think when their trade working capital is well under control, we feel in a combined basis that a target of 12% there makes sense. And we're 150 basis points higher than that right now. And when you look at Power Solutions, we are of the view that 20% is historic targeted level that we think is optimal. And we're at 22.5% to 23% right now. So if you do the math on that, you pretty quickly get to a number of about a $0.5 billion that that should be achievable and we've got teams that are going after.
Alex Molinaroli: Deane, some of that is some of the same stuffs that we have talked about. We have an optimal level of inventory within Power Solutions that is not as high as it is today. But one of the things that we've done is we've gone through - because of the customer issues we had last year, the orders we missed and the service penalties we paid. We put capacity and as you know, our capital spending is pretty high in North America. We put capacity in that will help us in the future. But this year, we're needing to put inventory in order to get through the season. I think we've got some capacities going a long place that will help us offset some of the need for inventory in the future too.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz. Your line is now open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning, guys.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning.
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Al, and then we can talk a little bit more about what's going on in your Power business. You guys have leading market share in the business. And I know, last quarter, you suggested that your Power team is feeling good about the rest of the year. And then you missed your own quarterly projections by a significant amount. We know that part of the issue is customers waiting for lead price reductions. But why wouldn't that have been somewhat of a concern last quarter and something that maybe your teams could have been better prepared, so just sort of commentary on visibility around that Power business going forward?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, it's a good question. What I would say is it's not a North American phenomenon, because of the closed loop system in North America. I think both in Asia, specifically China and Europe we see that phenomenon. And I think there's just been a lot of attention within the business, how much - in order to motivate your customers how much do we want to do to pull orders forward, which would mean essentially we would give them relief early versus being able to deal with the price changes as they happen. So I think that we were probably hopeful, that we could pull some stuff into the quarter. I think that naturally it's going to happen. I think we'll see that happen in the fourth quarter. And it's hard to - and the only thing I could tell you for sure is we haven't lost any share. And it's - the you know the team is just as frustrated as you are, because it also a double dinger. It also hit us in the inventory. If you think about our inventory in Power, it's not only the inventory you built on purpose, but the fact that we didn't get the sales coming out in the quarter that we expected. So I don't think it's we don't have our eye on the ball. I think we're probably little optimistic that we could pull in front of the price - the price changes for lead.
Andrew Kaplowitz: And, Alex, when you talk about sort of the low- to mid-single-digit growth in the business going forward, is that still optimistic or is that sort of realistic now based on what you see?
Alex Molinaroli: I think it's realistic. I think that quarter to quarter, we obviously are seeing some volatility. But if you just look at the orders that we have, we are going through a change where a lot of our customers are now moving to AGM products. So I think one of the limiting factors are we're going to have the - are we going to have the batteries to be able to serve that market as we move forward. Some of the challenges - the reason why it's only 17% growth in AGM, which is not as high as it's been is - part of it is capacity constraints. Our customers are going through changes and we're putting the capacity in as fast as we can. I think the markets there on an overall basis, because you just look at the build and the replacement cycles, the markets there, the timing of it something that we don't control. And it got away from us this quarter, because it caught us both on the inventory and on the sales.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley. Your lines is now open.
Nigel Coe: I just want to go back to cash flow. You built about $1.1 billion of trade working capital this year. And, Brian, you were saying there is about $0.5 billion of relief from that. So I'm just wondering, the message that you came in post-merger kind of low on working capital and you have to rebuild some of that. And as a result, you've lost some business. And therefore, now, you've kind of gone above that target range you have to - that delve back. That's the first part of the question. And then the second part is you're not really assuming much working capital benefit in 4Q. Is that right? And if so, why is that?
Brian Stief: Yes, so the fourth quarter benefits, I mean, if you look at the bridge that we've provided to get the $1.9 billion. I think, there's going to be late fourth quarter into the first quarter. I do think, we're going to see at least $200 million of the inventory build flush out. And then, I think the dividends from the JVs, we also are still of the view the fact is going to be received, as I mentioned we were resetting the situation now, we were discussing with our joint venture partners whether there's going to be dividends to each of the partners, or whether or not we're going to reinvest in the business. But we believe at this point that that's a timing item as well. And then on the receivable of a couple of $100 million, I would expect that we would start to see some of that turn as well as we get after this trade working capital initiative that we've got, we're moving forward with here. So I do think that there is $400 million of that bridge that I gave you that we're going to see come back and relatively short order between now and mid-fiscal 2018, which should improve our cash flow north of the 80% level that we had originally targeted for fiscal 2018. As far as your first question on optimal levels of trade working capital, and there is no double that we have gone backwards in the first nine months of this year. The biggest pieces of that tended to be the inventory build of Power, and receivable we've talked about. There were also payables and also about $100 million headwind there. So I think when we look at our overall initiatives for fiscal 2018. We're going to work toward trade working capital as a percentage of sales of 12% of Buildings and 20% of Power. And we think that's a good place to be both from customer standpoint and from a company standpoint.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: I just back on cash flow here. Can you give us a sense of what you're expecting for CapEx in 2018 relative to 2017?
Brian Stief: Yes, so if you - Jeff, if you look at Power Solutions, we're finishing the AGM capacity in North America and we've got two plants that we're finishing up in fiscal 2018, early 2019. So it's a pretty heavy year from the standpoint of - I would call it growth CapEx in Power Solutions. As you know this year, we guided to $1.250 billion to $1.3 billion, I think we're going to be in line with that. I'm guessing next year could be in the $1.4 billion range plus or minus just kind of what we're thinking right now given the Power Solutions investments.
Jeffrey Sprague: And just trying to get my head around the conversion, obviously, on the cash flow miss here, could understand not want to go over promise for next year, but it's called $100 million headwind on CapEx, if you've got this big of a working capital swing. Actually feels like a number could be - could have a nine handle on it, I mean is there something else, I'm missing there, I wonder about other kind of charges that are maybe not in the deal integration numbers et cetera. What are the consideration should we have in mind, when we think about 2018 free cash?
Brian Stief: I understand the math you're doing to get a nine in front, but I think we're still in the process of finalizing everything for fiscal 2018, Jeff. And we will provide more color on this, when we go through our 2018 guidance. But I mean suffice it to say we all recognize that given the poor performance in 2017 and certainly the working capital areas that should certainly provide some tailwind for us as we go into 2018. And I would say - but I want committed to say right now it will be north of 80%.
Alex Molinaroli: I think that's a responsible way for us to answer the question, Jeff, at this point. We understand your math.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Stephen Tusa: Hi, guys, good morning.
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning.
Stephen Tusa: What exactly is the hedge for deferred comp, and I have a follow up on that?
Brian Stief: So we've got stock-based compensation awards that we give to our employees. And you essentially work with a financial institution, you give them the money to purchase the shares and they essentially a lot of you to provide a hedge against future movement in your stock price. So to the extent that we buy in. And I believe in the 10-Q that you'll be seeing, I think we brought in at $42.21. And that hedge is going to offset movement upward and downward in the stock price versus the $42.21. So essentially what it does is, it takes the volatility out of your income statement for any movement in your stock price, which is required under gap to be either a compensation expense or compensation benefit as you move through the year.
Stephen Tusa: And if that have any influence on what ultimately your employees receive?
Brian Stief: No.
Stephen Tusa: Okay, okay. And then just for - I just looking a bit ahead, these are just basically items that are probably no one at this stage of the game. And any view on kind of what ForEx, looks like to be kind of snapped a line here for 2018, and any other parts of the bridge in 2018 that are kind of - would be more just financially oriented. We can all kind of do our own math around volume and mix, but and any planned change in the tax rate and also are you reaffirming kind of the synergy forecast that you guys gave at EPG, I assume there is no change and you're executing well this year?
Brian Stief: Yes. So the synergy number $250 million, we reconfirm. The tax rate we haven't finalized all the effective tax rate work at this point in time for 2018. But I would say that it will be 15% or lower, as far as FX. I don't think, I've got any specific guidance at this point in time on that. Antonella?
Antonella Franzen: Yes, I mean, if you take a look at kind of how rates have moved particularly now, you could see that we brought down our FX headwind expectations for the year. So I mean, if rate stay how they are, I mean, if we take Q4 as an example, there is really not much of an FX either headwind or tailwind, it's actually pretty neutral. But as you know, rate moved, so as we get closer to 2018 will obviously adjust to the more current rates to see what type of impact that gives us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Wojs with Baird. Your line is now open.
Timothy Wojs: Yes, hey, everybody, good morning. I guess, I was just on cash flow cash flow again if there are any thought or is there any concern just as you kind of tradeoff working capital that that has any impact on kind of the growth algorithm for the businesses.
Alex Molinaroli: I'm sorry. You mean not having or having?
Timothy Wojs: I guess, if terms are tighter, I mean, does that have any impact on how you guys think - how growth could come into the P&L in the Buildings business? If maybe in terms of a little less favorable.
Alex Molinaroli: No. I don't think so. I don't think that. I don't see, I think that what we're talking about now is we've got some process issues that we need to effect, and in terms that we need to harmonize that's our opportunity. I don't see that we're going to do anything that's going to affect the growth of the business. And that's why I think when Brian talked about it being an entitlement, I think that's - the way that he was framing it. I thought maybe you're talking about Power Solutions, we did lose some growth, because we didn't have the inventory last year, or didn't have batteries. And you can either think you need to have capacity or you need to have inventory. I think at this point, we got the worst of both worlds, because we've got the extra inventory and we're putting capacity. And so we will be in that shape - we will be in a similar shape of next year from an inventory and Power. But if you look at receivables and Buildings, I think Brian talked about right, as an entitlement that's not going to affect our growth, and you look at inventory and Power, it's the same thing that we can take our inventory and Power, it's the same thing that we can take our inventory down and not hurt our growth, because we're putting new capacity in.
Timothy Wojs: Okay. Great. And then just what's the - as you look at kind of price cost, that's been a theme in this earnings season. I mean, how would you guys frame that the price cost discussion into fiscal 2018, particularly in the Building side.
Brian Stief: Yes, so if you look at Buildings in the third quarter were up 110 basis points on margin that was driven by volume leverage. We got the synergies and productivity as well as now we're seeing the growth come through the products businesses, which is a higher mix. That was somewhat offsetting some price cost of about 20 basis points, and that's mainly driven by steel, copper, aluminum as well as some refrigerant. And so as we look at this going forward, we'll still have the strong synergies productivity will continue to see increasing volume leverage, we will get the mix of our products beginning to accelerate but we are going to see continued headwind here in the fourth quarter, which we're estimating now to be about 20 basis points.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Noah Kaye: Yes, good morning, everyone. Thanks so much for taking the question. George, you mentioned earlier that you're starting to see very nice pipeline, and favorable quotation activity. Can you just give us a little more color on maybe where that is geographically or kind of within the segments?
George Oliver: Sure. So if you start - let me start with North America, because that's certainly the big focus area. At the new organization that we put together, we freed up a lot of resources that we took out the layers of management to put back into sales management as well as selling capacity. We're putting the businesses together, we got a little bit behind of our hiring plan with our sales force. But we're significantly increasing our sales capacity as we speak and then with the work that we've done, the team has done a nice job in putting together prophecies in the field. As we're now leveraging the existing customer base that we serve to be able to better serve the customers with a complete portfolio. And I talked a little bit about that in my prepared remarks, making it simpler for the customer to be able to buy from us the total capability. So when you look at the pipelines that have been developed across the globe within our direct channels, we're beginning to see that. Now there's a timing of conversion as we go through this. But it gives me confidence are based on what we see, we're going to begin to see an improvement on a go forward basis. And our product businesses, the team is done a really nice job, not only making sure that we've got, we're leveraging the channel - our direct channel, but also expanding our indirect channels across each one of our product businesses. So not only are we investing in our direct sales capability. But we're also expanding our channels, you'll see that some of the bright spots during the quarter and our DX business with a very difficult compare - last year were up about 17%, were up another 10% this year. That is really an output of some terrific work has been done in expanding our channel to be able to capitalize on the growth in the market share. So what I can tell you across the board, it's certainly a key focus and being able to not only get world class sales management but increasing capacity in our direct channel as well as our indirect distribution that will enable us to be able to capitalize on a broader part of the market.
Noah Kaye: Okay, great. Thanks. And then just on Power Solutions, Alex, I think you mentioned kind of some capacity shortages around AGM. With all that we're seeing and reading around kind of changes to try to change across the auto industry. Is it AGM demand kind of trending globally the way that you thought it would, as you look out the next couple of years or as perhaps accelerating. How do we think about that and kind of your own capacity build plans?
Alex Molinaroli: It's a good question. There's so much been written about every all this whole topic, but what we're saying is probably going to move faster than we can afford to even meet the capacity. So I think we're going to have to be - really have to make sure that we put the capacity in the right place and leverage it, because I think it's just going to escalate. What we do see people trying to do is put some batteries and that are quite AGM capable, and then what we find is they come back later and say we need to do something else. And our capacity plans are pretty significant, our shares are really high. I think, they're probably be more demand, which will be a good problem to have I just think we're going to have to pretty choosy I think on who we serve. I think that's where we're going to be in the next few years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to circle back on the Power Solutions division, so I guess it's obviously unusual to be sort of growing inventories, while sales volumes came in a bit light. I understand that the guidance is for aftermarket sales to recover in the next few months. But just thinking about the risks that inventories stay high, how would you characterize inventories today versus a typical time of year or typical seasonality in the battery business right now? And then also, on the Power side, I understand the drawdown of working capital not really having a revenue impact. So maybe just talk about any profit or EBIT margin impact as you get that adjustment on working capital in Power. Thank you.
Alex Molinaroli: Okay, I'll address the first one. This is Alex. Our inventory is much higher than it was a year ago. And that's twofold. One is it's a response to the fact that we and you may recall we called out, when we're having service problems over the - actually over the last year-and-a-half we had service problems in the peak season, because our peak capacity is probably 120% of our total capacity. And so if you have to have an inventory, you'd be able to serve our customers. We had meetings with our customers, so particularly in North America, our very large customers who essentially put us on notice that they're not going to be short of batteries anymore. And so I think we've compensated for that in a way that we have the inventory and we're also putting in capacity, so that we don't have to have this much inventory on an ongoing basis. So it's a year from now. And so I would say it's sort of kind of in between where we are and where we need to be. As we put capacity in our inventory levels won't be quite this high. But they won't be as low as they were a couple of years ago. But that still gets us in the range of where Brian was talking about as far as what we would believe our entitlement for working capital. And that certainly is - within Power Solutions, it really is an inventory story.
Brian Stief: Yeah, I don't think there's going to be any impact negatively on margins as that inventory turns out. I mean, as we kind of talked about in the past, sometimes your margin rates can vary depending upon where lead is. But I don't think there is a downward pressure on margins of Power Solutions as a result of that inventory turning out.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you. And then just, my follow up would be on the Building side. You've had a big push on trying to reinvest more to take share and you have pretty good order numbers in the legacy buildings business this quarter. So that seems to be working. When you think about the incremental investment from here, do you think there's a need for another big step up or do you think that the organic investment in HVAC in particular is running around the right level today?
George Oliver: Yeah, Julian, this is George. As you said, we're getting really good traction with the new products that we're bringing to market. And when you look at the performance across our portfolio, I think that's beginning to show, whether it'd be in the residential, like commercial or across applied, as well as within our controls. And that's where a lot of the investments are being put in. What I see going forward as we continue to gain the momentum, we're going to continue to reinvest and look at incremental investments that we see as - given the success we've had in each one of these segments that we see a lot of opportunity with the investments we're making. So we're going to, obviously, take that into account as we're beginning to accelerate and gain market share, but it gives us a lot of confidence that with the investments we are deploying we are beginning to see the growth come through and it's coming through at very attractive margins.
Alex Molinaroli: Just to add to that Julian, I mean, we have some really exciting things that are going to happen over the next couple of years as it relates to some products we're developing. So, I think that - I think it's just going to get better. And one of the opportunities for us, particularly look what's happened not only with Hitachi, but just our business in Asia, I think you'll see investments there too, where we will be able to take advantage. We have a great position and we can take advantage for our position in the marketplace. Some of that top line that we're getting in - through Hitachi, you don't see, particularly in China, because it's unconsolidated, but it's growing pretty well, particularly in China.
Antonella Franzen: Operator, I think we may be at the top of the hour. But we're going to try and squeeze in one more.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna with Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Gautam Khanna: Yeah, thanks for fitting me in. So following up on just Brian's [ph] question about the cash flow. In Q4, how much of the items that you mentioned that slipped out of Q3 and perhaps this year do you expect to recover? So Power's inventory build, $400 million, the hedge, the dividend, and the - of the receivable, the $200 million receivable, how much is embedded in your expectation for Q4?
Brian Stief: So in what we've talked about, none of it is expected to come back in Q4. We think most of it will come back in first and second quarter fiscal 2018.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And so, given that, and I think previously you've talked about $300 million tax item coming back to you in Q1 as well. Should we expect that Q1 and perhaps Q2 of fiscal 2018 will be very, very strong free cash flow relative to history?
Brian Stief: Should be stronger than we've seen historically, that's right.
Antonella Franzen: And, Gautam, that one thing to remember is, remember when the cash went out for the tax payment, we had it as one of our reconciling items. And when the cash come back, we said we would do that as well.
Alex Molinaroli: So we won't take credit for it, we'll just take the money. Okay.
Antonella Franzen: Operator, it is - yeah.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah.
Antonella Franzen: I'm going to pass it over to Alex just for any last comments.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah, let me just wrap up here. Thank you for everyone for the call and all your questions. We really appreciate it. So I just want to make sure that, I understand your feedback. And there are three things I would like to point out. First is the synergy and productivity numbers are doing as well or better than we expected. We don't really expect that to change. And so I want to make sure that as we talk about this that we show that we're making progress there. Top-line I think is mixed. We have some opportunity. But we also are seeing some benefits and we haven't lost those benefits, but there are some opportunities for us to make some improvements. And then, clearly, cash flow we get it - there's work that needs to be done. We're a little gun-shy talking about, as you can see from our responses around how this is all - how and when this is going to come back. But we know the opportunity there and we're committed to make sure that, you're going to see the cash flow numbers as good or as better than what we've talked about in the past. So I just want to wrap on that and I want to thank our employees. Lot of work, hard work is being done in order to make this one company. Thank you very much.
Antonella Franzen: Thanks, Alex. And, operator, that concludes our call.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc
Analysts: Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Welcome to Johnson Controls' Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Antonella Franzen, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls' second quarter 2017 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning, as well as the conference call slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. With me today are Johnson Controls' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Alex Molinaroli; President and Chief Operating Officer, George Oliver; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of today's call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you view today's press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that we've included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions, and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted EBITA and adjusted EBIT margins, exclude transaction, integration, and separation costs, as well as other special items. These metrics are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release. All comparisons to the prior year are on a combined basis, which excludes the results of Adient, and includes the results of Tyco net of conforming accounting adjustments and recurring purchase accounting. Now let me quickly recap this quarter's results. Sales of $7.2 billion in the quarter, increased 3% year-over-year on a reported basis, excluding the net impact of FX, M&A and lead pass-through pricing, sales grew 2% organically. GAAP loss per share from continuing operations attributable to Johnson Controls' ordinary shareholders was $0.16 and included net charges of $0.66 related to special items. These special items were primarily composed of a non-cash tax charge related to the announced divestiture of the Scott Safety business, transaction, integration and separation costs as well as restructuring and impairment charges. Adjusting for these special items, non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.50 per share compared to $0.45 in the prior year quarter. Now, let me turn the call over to Alex.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, Antonella. Good morning, everyone. So, if we start on slide 5, I'd like to talk about the overview of the results and some of the commitments we've made over the past few months, both at our Annual Meeting, our Investing Meeting and then also at our Analyst Call. So, we had strong quarter earnings at 11% year-over-year growth and is at the top end range that we provided you at $0.48 to $0.50. And a lot of that came from our continued focus on our productivity and the integration efforts. If you go back and look at the commitments that we made as an organization, I think that we couldn't be more proud of our employees and it both came from productivity driven through our Johnson Controls operating systems initiatives along with the merger synergies. And in fact, we've seen around a $70 million benefit for the quarter, which is accelerating, so we're very pleased with what we're seeing and I just want to thank our employees. It would be very easy for our employees with all that's going on to not stay focused on the task and we've been able to generate the synergies and the cost savings which will bode well for the future. It leads me to the organic growth, particularly within buildings. We're starting to see the acceleration of our organic growth, particularly in our field businesses and once again that's where we're doing most of our integration efforts, so that's a strong signal to us that we're going to continue to see growth throughout the rest of the year and gives us confidence. I'd really like to also point out and George will go through this in a little more detail, we had really strong strength in our HVAC businesses, particularly our light commercial and residential businesses. We outpaced the market and most of that has to do with launches of new products and the investments that we've seen over the past few years. And we're seeing some stabilization within the legacy Tyco fire protection products businesses and that bodes well for the future also. The other thing that happened within the quarter is some of our strategic portfolio actions. Specifically, we closed the sale of ADT South Africa and we announced the divestiture of Scott Safety to 3M. Both of these are very important as it relates to those businesses within the legacy Tyco organization being able to sell those assets is important as it relates to the TSarl debt which as you recall was a $4 billion debt that was put in place to facilitate the transaction between Johnson Controls and Tyco, and accelerating that repayment of debt is going to be good for us moving forward. Related to that, is the share repurchase program of $500 million which is an increase from the previously announced $200 million to $250 million share repurchase program, that's already in place. So, that takes us up to $750 million for the fiscal year. So, the Scott Safety transaction will not be dilutive. If you go to page 6, I'll go a high overview of the numbers before I turn it over to George. If you look at our net sales of 3% reported and organic of 2%, buildings was up 3%. I talked earlier about driven mostly by our field organization and power is off 1%. And that was mostly a seasonal view, particularly because of some of the weather and restocking along with strong orders that we received a year ago, in China, when we first opened our new plant. And from a results standpoint, if you look at the impact of lead, it's pretty important because if you pull out lead, which was up significantly for the quarter, we had a 7% increase excluding both foreign exchange and lead, and there was a significant impact to our bottom line, I mean, to our top line and also impacted our margin. So if you adjust for that, we had a 7% increase in earnings driven by real strong performance in our Power Solutions business. And that leads us to the 60 basis points improvements in overall margins. The integration of our Buildings business as it accelerates and we get more and more confidence, we're going to see the bottom line continue to improve. And now that we're starting to see the organic growth within our Buildings business, gives us an awful lot of confidence to tighten our guidance for the year, which Brian will talk about, which is the 13% to 16% range, later in the presentation. So with that, I'm going to turn it over to George, he'll talk about the merger activities and also some more specifics around the business performance.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, Alex, and good morning, everyone. Before I get into a detailed review of the businesses, let me start with a quick integration update on slide 7. Over the last few months, the Buildings organization has gone through an impressive amount of change, and we've made a considerable amount of progress towards aligning the new leadership structure in the most optimal way possible with a focus on accountability for growth. We now have the management teams of our operational structure substantially in place and we'll now focus on building out the team structure over the next several months. Another area we've discussed with you is the need to substantially pay down the merger-related TSarl debt. As Alex referred to earlier with the announced divestiture of Scott Safety and sale of ADT South Africa, we will be able to make a considerable reduction to the $4 billion of debt. This will enable us to move more quickly on some of the heavier lifting restructuring and synergy actions. I wanted to take a minute to thank the team and the thousands of employees of both Scott Safety and ADT South Africa. I have had the pleasure of being involved with both of these businesses for over a decade, including my tenure as President of the Tyco Global product segment. It's never easy to part with such great leaders and colleagues, but I am confident they are in good hands and that both businesses will continue to be successful in the future. Before I get into the progress we've made on the cost side, I thought I'd highlight a couple of key cross-selling wins in the second quarter. We had a major win in the New England region to supply an array of building solutions in a new distribution hub being built by one of our large airfreight delivery customers. In this situation, our legacy SimplexGrinnell sales team leveraged their strong relationships in the region to provide a lead to a legacy Johnson Controls team. Working together, the two teams were able to secure contracts for the fire alarm system as well as the HVAC and building control system. In the institutional space, a legacy Johnson Controls Account team in coordination with the sales teams across SimplexGrinnell and Tyco Integrated Security submitted a joint bid for a fully integrated solution multi-phase expansion project at a major university in Texas. As a result, we were awarded the contract for the first phase providing our Metasys building automation system, York air handling units, Simplex fire alarm system, as well as access control and video surveillance. Not only is this phase a great win, we're well positioned for the next phases of the project. Both wins are great examples of how our teams are coming together to collaborate and provide integrated solutions that solve more complex customer problems. Turning now, to the cost synergy side. We continue to run ahead of plan in Q2, delivering roughly $70 million or above $0.06 in year-over-year savings. This is roughly $20 million in incremental savings over last quarter and is slightly ahead of our internal targets. Given the progress we've made year-to-date we now expect to achieve synergy and productivity savings at the high end of the $250 million to $300 million range I provided to you in December. With roughly $0.11 achieved through the first half, we now expect $0.07 in the third quarter and $0.09 in the fourth quarter totaling around $0.27 in savings for the full year. As I mentioned last quarter, the integration of two large organizations requires a lot of heavy lifting, commitment and leadership. Not all decisions are easy, but we have a strong team, leading the process, ensuring we execute on decisions made and we move forward to the next step. Both the integration team and the businesses continue to be guided around four main objectives; grow, integrate, change and operate. We're making great progress and I couldn't be more proud of how the teams have come together and what they have accomplished over these past eight months as a combined company. I look forward to keeping you updated on our continued success. Let's turn now to a review of the businesses starting with Building Technologies and Solutions on slide 8. On a reported basis, Building sales grew 1% over the prior year to $5.5 billion in the quarter, as 3% organic growth was partially offset by the impact of FX and net M&A activity. The 3% organic growth was led by solid growth in our field businesses. When you look at the Field side of the business, which represents about 65% to 70% of total Building sales, organic growth was up 4%, with underlying growth across most regions, led by strong growth of over 3% in North America. When we look at the pieces within our Field business, we saw another strong quarter of organic growth in our applied HVAC business, which continued to grow in the mid-single digit range. Fire and Security, the legacy Tyco Installation and Service businesses grew in the low single-digit range led by mid-single digit growth in North America. Some of the areas within our Field businesses have put pressure on our organic growth rate in the first quarter, stabilized in the second quarter including both performance contracting and industrial refrigeration. Looking now at our Products business, which represents remaining 30% to 35% of Buildings. Sales declined just under 1% organically year-over-year, a sequential improvement from the 3% decline we saw last quarter. We continue to see very strong growth in our residential and light commercial HVAC business, which grew at a high-teens rate organically, benefiting by a significant amount of new product launches, something we expect will continue into 2018. The strength in U.S. residential and light commercial HVAC was more than offset by a mid-single digit decline in our Hitachi business, simply related to the timing of shipments, which we will see come through in the third quarter. Additionally, our Fire and Security product businesses are stabilizing. The mid-single digit, year-over-year decline we saw in the first quarter has moderated to a 1% organic decline in the second quarter. On a sequential basis, Fire and Security product sales are growing. We've seen encouraging signs that the short cycle industrial markets have bottomed and we would anticipate some inflection across the businesses in the second half. Buildings' EBITA declined 1% year-over-year to $628 million. The segment margin decreased 30 basis points year-over-year to 11.3% as strong synergy and productivity savings were more than offset by planned incremental product and channel investments as well as mix during the quarter. Turning to orders and backlog on slide 9. Total Buildings orders increased 2% year-over-year organically, driven by a 3% increase in Field orders, partially offset by a 1% decline in our quick-turn product orders, which as I mentioned earlier was already felt within our product sales growth in the quarter, given the book and ship nature of that business. In terms of order activity we saw continued momentum in the U.S. market with stable growth in non-residential construction verticals year-over-year. We had a strong quarter of order activity with solid growth in our commercial and institutional verticals. As we have discussed before order growth in our Field business is lumpy, and can be impacted by the timing of large projects. The legacy Tyco business included a very large order in the prior year, which impacted the year-over-year comparison in Tyco orders by 3 percentage points. Backlog of $8.3 billion increased 6% year-over-year, excluding the impact of foreign exchange and M&A. In summary, we continue to make significant strides in improving the fundamentals of the business. We are streamlining the organization, investing in our product and service innovation and driving commercial excellence. As a result of these initiatives, coupled with our order pipeline and backlog, we are well-positioned for increased growth in the second half of this fiscal year as well as strong margin expansion. Turning to Power Solutions on slide 10. Sales increased 7% year-over-year on a reported basis to $1.7 billion driven by the impact of lead pass-through, which benefited powers top line by roughly 8 percentage points. Organic sales were down 1%, driven by warmer weather in both North America and China, which negatively impacted aftermarket demand. In addition, we had a tough prior year comparison in China associated with the timing of the initial volume build in our Chongqing plant. Overall, total global unit shipments decreased 3% year-over-year driven by aftermarket shipments, which declined 3%. Global start-stop shipments continued to expand with a 36% increase year-over-year, including another quarter of significant growth in China and the Americas. Power Solutions segment EBITA of $303 million, increased 7% on a reported basis or 12% excluding foreign currency. Power's margin expanded 10 basis points year-over-year on a reported basis including a 220 basis point headwind from the impact of higher lead costs. Underlying margins excluding the impact of lead, increased 230 basis points year-over-year, driven by productivity benefits as well as favorable product mix, primarily related to higher Start-Stop battery shipments. Now let me turn the call over to Brian to walk through corporate and the consolidated financial details of the quarter as well as our outlook for third quarter and remainder of the year.
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, George and good morning, everyone. Turning to slide 11. As you know, beginning in the first quarter, we're now reporting corporate as a standalone segment and for the second quarter corporate expense was $2 million lower than last year and as expected I think, we talked during the first quarter call that there was going to be a sequentially higher Q2 corporate costs than Q1 and that really related primarily to some indirect tax items and some IT related costs. Having said that, for the full year we now expect corporate expenses will likely fall at the lower end of our $480 million to $500 million range that we provided at the Analyst Day. Moving on to slide 12. As you saw in our release and as Antonella mentioned our Q2 results do include a number of large items again this quarter that we're treating as special non-GAAP adjustments. And, I'd just like to touch on those for a second. The first item relates to our ongoing transaction and separation costs that was roughly $138 million. We had some restructuring and impairment charges in the quarter of $99 million about two-thirds of that related to severance, and we had some mark-to-market pension and some non-recurring purchase accounting adjustments that aggregated $35 million. And then, the large item in the quarter was about a $457 million, non-cash tax charge related to the announced divestiture of Scott Safety. And I would just give you a reminder here that, that is a non-cash book charge and the actual cash tax charge when that transaction closes, later in 2017, we still believe that will be in the range of $50 million. I'll exclude those items as I go through my comments, but those items aggregated $0.66 a share for the quarter. So, turning to the highlights on slide 12, overall, second quarter sales were up 3% to $7.2 billion. And if you exclude the impact of FX lead and M&A, organic sales were up 2% versus last year and as George mentioned backlog year-over-year is up 6%, which bodes well for some momentum going into the second half here. If you look at gross margin of 31%, it was down 40 basis points for the year that was primarily, or for the quarter, that was primarily driven by higher lead prices and some unfavorable Buildings mix that George referenced, and that was offset by leverage on higher volumes, as well as some JCOS productivity savings we saw come through in Q2. SG&A levels were comparable to the prior year, up about 1%. This product, channel, and sales force investments were substantially offset by cost synergies. Equity income of $53 million, was 33% higher than a year ago and that was primarily due to strong performance in our Hitachi and Power Solutions nonconsolidated JVs. For the quarter EBIT was up 5% with the overall EBIT margins up to 9.8% which is 20 basis points positive versus 2016, which is in line with our expectations and if you will exclude foreign exchange and lead, these margins were up 60 basis points year-over-year. Turing to slide 13, net financing charges of $116 million in the quarter were slightly higher than last year, due to higher debt levels and as I think most of you know we did in the latter part of the second quarter issue $500 million worth of U.S. notes and $1 billion of Euro notes in connection with some of the other funding needs we have for the rest of the year. Excluding special items, our effective tax rate of 15% continues to compare favorably to our prior year rate of 17% and we did see a drop in income from  attributable to non-controlling interest, down about $11 million compared to last year and that really just relates to the timing of the Hitachi entities as well as some underlying tax rates in those entities. So overall, we had a solid second quarter, which was at the high end of our guidance at $0.50 which was up 11% versus the $0.45 a year ago. Turning to slide 14, just a quick Q2 EPS waterfall relative to last year, you can see we had a $0.06 benefit related to cost synergies and productivity savings in the quarter, which was slightly better than the $0.05 expectation we had on our call at the end of the first quarter, also we saw the benefit of reduced intangible asset amortization associated with the sale of the Scott Safety business and treating that now as an asset held for sale. And there was a $0.01 benefit related to our tax rate. Offsetting these items, were incremental product and channel investments in our businesses of $0.02 and a $0.01 impact of foreign currency. Turning to slide 15, on free cash flow as we did at the end of the first quarter, because of the significance of the one-off items that we have and the choppiness in free cash flow during fiscal 2017, we wanted to provide a reconciliation for you of the reported cash flow to adjusted cash flow and you can see this quarter, we had about $100 million of tax payments and $100 million of our ongoing integration and transaction costs. Our second quarter adjusted free cash flow was a solid $300 million and we continue to target adjusted free cash flow conversion of around 80% for the year. Moving to our balance sheet on slide 16, we saw a net debt to capital ratio pretty consistent at around 40%. And as I mentioned earlier during the quarter we did issue about $1.6 billion of fixed rate long-term debt, $500 million in the U.S. at a rate of 4.5%, and 1 billion at 1%. These proceeds were used to repay outstanding debt, which is primarily commercial paper, and the proceeds will also be used for general corporate purposes. The financing costs in the second half of the year will be higher than our first half, given the increased debt levels as well as the generally higher interest rate environment as we move into the second half. In the second quarter, as Alex mentioned, we also increased the original share repurchase program that we had of $200 million to $250 million by $500 million bringing the total for fiscal 2017 up to around $750 million. Turning to slide 17, just touching on a couple of things here, noteworthy, as it relates to divestitures. We've talked already about the Scott Safety sale to 3M and I've got a specific slide that I'll go through some of the specifics on that and additionally we completed the sale of ADT South Africa for about $130 million. Second in line with our expectations, we'll continue to have certain special items in the second half of the year along the lines of those listed on the slide. And then the final thing, I wanted to point out is, we talked about on the first quarter call, the reorganization that was taking place at our buildings business, which will result in a new segment reporting structure for the company and given some of the complexities associated with the IT requirements to get really the underlying plumbing, if you will, in place to report in our new segments. We will now be doing that in the fourth quarter and at the same time we announce our year-end earnings, we will provide the quarterly results on the new reportable segment basis for fiscal 2017. So you've got that information for comparability as you move into fiscal 2018. So let's talk a little bit on slide 18 about the Scott Safety divestiture; $2 billion purchase price, I think as you know is based on a 13 times trailing EBITDA multiple and we still believe the net proceeds will be in the $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion range. If you take that plus the $130 million of proceeds from the ADT South Africa sale plus the cash flow that we expect from the Tyco business in fiscal 2017, we will have paid down the $4 billion of TSarl-related debt at probably the $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion level. So, we're going to end up after we get the proceeds from the Scott sale. So, by the end of calendar 2017 say, we are going to probably be down to $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion in TSarl debt outstanding. So, real positive development there. As it relates to the loss of the Scott EBIT, which is $0.07 dilutive that is going to be more than offset by the interest savings and the pay down of the TSarl debt, as well as the share repurchases that we've talked about. Moving to slide 19, we've got a waterfall again here of EPS guidance for Q3. And just as a reminder, and we've talked about this before, but we're really now entering the second half of this year, which is our seasonally higher earnings period and I guess think in terms of probably 40% in the first half and 60% in the second half. Our guidance for Q3 is $0.70 to $0.73, which represents a 15% to 20% improvement year-over-year, and again that excludes some of the special items that we talked about previously. As far as comparative to fiscal 2016 Q3, you can see in the waterfall that our growth will be driven by $0.07 of cost and productivity savings, volume and mix will deliver $0.03, and the lower tax rate will deliver $0.02 year-on-year. And then, the headwinds that we have going into Q3 would be the continued investments that we make in our business for us $0.01 and we also have FX that's a bit of a headwind for us estimated at $0.01 as well. So moving to slide 20, full year guidance, a couple highlights before we talk about full year guidance. We are taking our organic growth for the full year down from 2.5% to 4.5%, which is our original guidance. We're now taking that to approximately 3%. Having said that, we still are going to reconfirm our margins at 80 basis points to 110 basis points. And then, the other thing I would just comment on is, as we talk through the amortization benefit we're getting for the held for sale accounting for the Scott business that is essentially being offset by an increase in net financing costs for the quarter. So those two kind of neutralize each other. So with all of that, we've tightened the range for our full year EPS guidance from $2.60 to $2.75 down to $2.60 to $2.68, and that still represents a 13% to 16% increase year-over-year. So with that, Antonella, we can it open up for questions.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Great. Thanks, Brian. Operator, if you could please open-up the line for questions?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session in today's conference. Our first question comes from Gautam Khanna from Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: So, just on the second half walk at Buildings, clearly we need fairly substantial margin improvement, certainly north of a 100 basis points at Lux. Can you talk about some of the drivers, I mean, obviously there is volume leverage, you have lower investment sequentially in Q3. But, maybe comment on the profile of the backlog you've been booking, is that actually accretive to the mix or to the margins that you're currently showing? And maybe talk a little bit about some of these projects that you've been booking and whether those are coming in at above segment average margin or any color you can give on why we should have confidence in the second half margin ramp at Buildings? Thanks.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: So, I'm going to turn this over to George cause he's into the details, but I just give you a sense for the back half of the year, particularly with legacy Johnson Controls. What I would tell you is that, the leverage on the volume is going to be the biggest single thing, but you also have to remember particularly in legacy Johnson Controls, the HVAC business itself is the service business is high margin and the volumes there are much different than they are in the winter season. So, you're going to get two things that are going to be incremental. George could talk about the backlog, I don't think there is anything significantly different about the backlog but there is going to be a lot more volume running through there.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, Gautam. I think to understand the third and fourth quarter, I think we need to drill into the second quarter and then I'll walk you to what you can expect here in the third and fourth quarter. So in the second quarter, the guidance we provided was for a modest increase in the margin rate in the second quarter. And so what happened was, when you look at the margin that came through we're getting tremendous productivity in costs savings as it relates with the synergies, that's coming through, that's 50 basis points. The investments that we're making both 30 basis points and when you drill into that, I would tell you across the board we're getting great traction with those investments. Whether it be in the applied space with our chiller investments, whether it be in the DX space with the work that we're doing in resi and in small commercial, in the control space with our launch of Metasys 8.1 and there's the Verasys platform. And then across the Fire and Security businesses with the new investments we're making where in spite of the pressure that we've had with the heavy industrial, high-hazard we continue to make great progress there. The second piece is that we had a project, a very large project that we took a significant charge here in the second quarter that has impacted our margin rate by about 20 basis points. And then the last, I think, is most important as we project third and fourth quarter, is the unfavorable mix, which is about 30 basis points. And when you think of that mix, our growth, the 3% growth that we achieved in the second quarter was driven by install. And as you know the install revenues come through at a lower margin. And that, at the same time, when our product business was down about 1%. So as you project going forward and that was roughly 30 basis points which drove the 30 basis point decline in total. So as you project the third quarter and fourth quarter, we have inflection in our products, we see continued momentum in the legacy BE product businesses. We start to see, we  sequentially we are seeing growth in the Fire and Security product businesses and they'll continue to accelerate in the third quarter and fourth quarter and so that is good mix coming through. And then as the Alex talked about, seasonally we start to get our pickup in service revenues in the third quarter and fourth quarter which is good mix. And then with the, just the nature of the business being higher volume in the third quarter and fourth quarter, we get nice leverage on that volume. And so as we look at now third quarter and fourth quarter, we're positioned to deliver about a 90-basis point improvement in margin rate. And that ultimately supports the overall margin rate that we projected for the company for the year.
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Understand one more thing that, that...
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: And that 90 basis points that...sorry, go ahead.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: So I was just going to add one more thing that the Hitachi sales were down for the quarter. We have line of sight to some orders that are seasonal that last year, we saw in one quarter and now we're going to see in the third quarter. So I also think that we have some pretty good confidence around the Hitachi business also.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nigel Coe from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So I just want to kind of pick up where Gautam left off. So, as we go into second half year, I think you've threaded the bridge quite nicely, the down 30 basis points. So it looks like synergies will be picking up to maybe 60 basis points, 70 basis points, maybe 80 basis points in 3Q and 4Q. Hopefully, no more charges. So that goes away. Is there enough growth in products to get us to a positive mix in the second half of the year? And then on Alex's comments about Hitachi picking up in 3Q, my understanding is that Hitachi is a lower margin business. So why does that help margin?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, Nigel, let me start with Hitachi. So starting there we do see from a second quarter to third quarter last year, we had a timing of shipments that ultimately now this year has pushed to the third quarter. That's going to give us a nice lift within the legacy BE product portfolio. When you look at products in total, just pure volumes, and that starts with the  the demand that we see in the  in the order rates that we're seeing across our  across all of our product businesses accelerate in the third quarter and fourth quarter. And as I've been  we've been talking about in the legacy Tyco product businesses, we've seen sequential improvement continuing every quarter. And although, we have been  we went from mid  down mid-single digits in the first quarter, down low single digits in the second quarter, we're going to inflect here in the third quarter and fourth quarter. We're seeing continued acceleration with the end markets recovering that we support. So, that gives us a lot of confidence with that mix coming through, as well as service. When you look at the  the service business across both sets of businesses coming together. Think about it this way. We've got a tremendous field organization, that now has come together, that have a combination of customers that they are serving and now we can take our combined capabilities to be able to do a lot more for the customers that we serve. And we're already seeing some of that traction come through. And so, we are very confident that we're going to see an uplift there with that mix in the third quarter and fourth quarter, typically, it's a seasonal high for us. But above and beyond that, we believe that with some of the revenue synergies that we see, we're going to be able to capitalize that in the second half. And that again would be very positive mix to the overall portfolio.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. Thanks, George. And a quick follow on, on the product side, down one (39:00) you saw in 2Q. How did that look ex-Scott Safety? Was it  was Scott accretive to that number? And then, is there anything non-cyclical going on in terms of retail or in terms of residential where there might be some market share loss, so some (39:16) structural pressures in those markets?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: No, Nigel. As we look at all of our product businesses, we've been performing and continuing to maintain and grow share across all of the segments. So there is no concern there as far as losing share. When you look at the type of product businesses, there was similar type pressure within the Scott Safety as it relates to the heavy industrial, high-hazard business. Recall that we had bought the IST Business, which gave us a bigger portfolio, bigger footprint into that end market, that has been somewhat pressured here short-term. But again, we're beginning to see a very nice pipeline of orders or activity in orders coming through, and that will also inflect here in the second half of the year.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: And Nigel, the only other thing I would point out is, remember our  the legacy Tyco retail business actually sits in the field, and that is continuing to perform well.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: And Nigel, this is Alex. I thought I would use it  since you ask about share, we talked about growth in products because one of the things that's, may not be clear, as we looked at how we put out our numbers, and as we pull together the organization  and I mentioned it, but I just wanted to put a little finer point on it. Our Light Commercial and Residential businesses are performing extremely well and outperforming the market, and as I look at what's happening with our peers, and we're just  I'm really proud of what the team is doing, and we're seeing the same thing in our Applied business. So, our HVAC businesses are really doing well, and then I think then as the volumes increase seasonally, that's going to drop to the bottom-line. So I just wanted to make sure that didn't get lost because of how we're reporting the numbers here.
Operator: Speakers, our next question comes from Jeffrey Sprague from Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning or good afternoon. Hey, just a couple of things, lot of talk about comparisons as we work through all the moving pieces. I get the seasonal lift H1 to H2, it does seem that the comparisons of legacy Tyco especially but even JCI BE organically are a bit harder as we move into the back as particularly the June quarter. This is as you look at kind of the backlog conversion, just kind of wondering your confidence level really in that 3% organic growth number, for the June quarter and maybe you can give us some color on how that splits between BE and Power?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: As far as the growth or the...
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: The organic growth.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Organic growth.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: So, Jeff, just to go through each of the segments, so when you look at Buildings and what we're seeing not only in the  we're building a very strong pipeline. We're beginning to convert at a higher rate that pipeline and that's positioned us to continue to accelerate the revenue that we achieve. Now remember there was a large shipment last year in Hitachi that moved from second quarter to this year's third quarter, that's going to be a significant contributor to the pickup in organic growth this year. And then with what we see coming through based on what's been booked, we see continuing at or above the rate that we're currently at in the third quarter and being able to continue to accelerate in the fourth quarter on that conversion that gets us to roughly, it's roughly 2.5% for the  roughly, kind of mid  2.5% to 3% for the year within the segment. So, we're feeling very good about our ability to be able to execute on that. In the Power business it really depends on how the lead fluctuates and how it's reported. But at the end of the day, we're right now seeing a roughly mid-single-digits in the third quarter. We typically have our seasonal high in the fourth quarter and based on what we see today, that's going to be very strong in the fourth quarter. So as we look at the total year, we're still in the 4% to 6% range for the organic growth in Power. So overall we feel very good about the activity that we see, how we're converting the market activity and ultimately the position that we're in to be able to deliver on the second half.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah. Just on Power, for a lot of you, it might be your first cycle through Power. So, you may not have lived through this, but a lot of the seasonality is something that happens, it's not something to worry about, what you worry about is if we lost any share, and we haven't lost any share, in fact we've gained share and then when you think about the growth in the emerging products around AGM that's really going to bode well for the future. So I think our confidence level is high. We can't control sometimes the quarter to quarter seasonality, but I think the team there, when we talk to them, they feel pretty good about the rest of the year. As it relates to Buildings, I mean I think George hit it right. I feel good about the progress we're making and I think that the fact that we're starting to see the orders come through certainly within the field and then just going to come through in the products, I think we'll start seeing the leverage. And I think that shows up and it's tightening the range.
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: I would just add this, Jeff, to summarize what George said, I mean, when we look at Q3, we've really got Buildings around 3% as it relates to organic sales growth and I think Power Solutions is probably in the 4.5% to 5% range and when you put those together, we're in that approximate 3% organic growth for Q3 and based upon what our teams have told us and us looking at opportunities, we think that's very doable at that 3% level for Q3, so.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Great, thanks for all that color. Then separately, on just TSarl obviously you have stepped up now and done some share repurchase, but given that you've knocked that down so hard, is your urgency on further reduction somewhat diminished, and can we see maybe a stronger pivot to share repurchase in say 2018 whereas at least I was thinking maybe it was a 2019 story on share repurchase?
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah. That's still something we're going to have to look at, Jeff. I mean, technically, the answer is until that entire $4 billion is paid off, you have to have pretty robust procedures and controls in place to ring-fence that debt. There may be a practical level at which time you look at it and say if it's down at a certain level, you don't necessarily need to be as strict with the rules. But I would tell you that if we get that down to $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion at the end of next year, we've always kind of looked at 2018 as being further pay down. And once that gets down to less than $1 billion, I think we probably have a little bit more flexibility relative to share repurchase. But I would just tell you that's something we haven't fully analyzed yet. But the good news is, the pay down of the debt is coming at a much faster rate than we had anticipated quite honestly six months ago.
Operator: Speakers, our next question comes from Deane Dray from RBC. Your line is now open.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, I would like to get a little more color on this Texas University integrated win because this is really part of that whole holy grail of integrated building services that you're working towards. So the idea of like, were these separate bids or bundled bids? How many points of contact did you have during this process from the customer side and what do you do with regarding any product subsidies, one business subsidizing the other in this process and how do you referee those?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah. So, we're going through a major integration of our field force in North America, and certainly, we're going to be positioned as a leader across all of our domains. And what's been nice is, while we're going through that process, the teams are working within their current structures in how they're continuing to serve customers. And while we're integrating all of our systems and processes, have found ways to be able to leverage the customer base that we serve today. And then, as new opportunities are coming up, we're getting kind of first look on those opportunities with the other domains that we are not serving those customers with. And that is simple as that. That's what this was. We have a strong relationship in one of the businesses, working with this customer, and then have gone forward to say, this would  this is what our total capabilities are and what we can ultimately do. It came through one bid opportunity that we put all of our capabilities together. And because of that, we can maintain our fundamentals, while we're getting the additional growth by putting all of our capabilities together. So, we're seeing this, a lot of this activity, across our entire field, and that's what's building a pretty robust pipeline of opportunities that we're beginning to covert.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Hey, Deane. What I would say is that this is going better than we thought. And, just to put it in simple terms, you talked about one project because we highlighted it. But there are, we're tracking these things, all the way here because it's an important part of why we did this, and things are happening quicker than we thought. And then George is a little bit modest because we've adopted an organizational change particularly in North America where we're bringing people together. And so, a lot of the  kind of the underlying question about, how hard is this to work together, a lot of those barriers are already broken down. So, I am really bullish on this. And in fact, it was a big strategic question a year ago, would we get the pull through and the cross selling that we expected and I tell you it's going to be better than we thought.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. And then just as a follow-up on the Scott Safety divestiture. Just give us a sense are there more non-core divestitures that you're looking at? I mean, when I look back at the South Africa decision that makes complete sense you did this several years ago with exiting South Korea, those are special situations you really can't leverage the brand, it's a different set of security laws. But within the portfolio are there more divestitures that you're looking at?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Well, Deane, we certainly are going to tell you everything that we're doing. But I would just say that we're looking across our portfolio as our strategy gets tighter and tighter around being a leader in Buildings and Energy, it helps us understand, what are some of the opportunities there. Because what we want to make sure is we invest in the businesses that makes sense for us. When you think about the Scott Safety business, what a great business that is. It's a fantastic business. But you know, it's probably not at the right place when you think about where we want to invest going forward. So I guess, the short answer is we're continuing to look, I think that what we've done so far is right on point. And I know that legacy Tyco folks will open up their portfolio, certainly at Johnson Controls we're doing the same thing. Now, we have a different framework, because we're a combined company and we certainly are taking a relook at some things that maybe, we haven't thought about in a while. So just kind of leave it with that unless you have something to add, George.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities: Hi, good morning.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities: Good morning. So, you gave some good detail on the improving mix from here in Buildings. So I guess if we look at Power Solutions, you had double-digit underlying profit growth again year-on-year, same rate as in Q1. So obviously mix is a good tailwind there in the first half. Maybe clarify, how confident you are that those mix tailwinds can persist in the second half? And I just wondered related to that, if there is any kind of guidance now for the year on the ex-lead margin in that business?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah. So Julian, what I would say in Power Solutions, we've done a really nice job driving productivity, continued productivity, as well as we're benefiting from the mix, the higher mix of the AGM. And so that has enabled us to offset the 220 basis points of headwind that we had on lead and being able to offset that for the quarter and deliver a margin rates that were up 10 basis points. As you project the year, we're going to see continued mix there with continuing increase in AGM shipments and that'll continue with all of the capacity we put into place and over the next few years that will continue. And we're still getting very strong productivity. So overall, for the year, when we project the margins, I think it's  we're going to be modestly down for the year. But overall, that's really a factor of the lead pricing. Brian, I don't know, if you want to comment?
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah. Julian, I think, it really is a function, with the lead prices where they are now, there will be pressure on reported margins. But if you look at our margins ex-lead, we should see positive improvement year-over-year there. So with the volatility in lead, you really need to look at those margins, as you know, ex-lead and those should be up year-over-year.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: So Julian, the last thing I'd just add to this, if you look at it on a long-term basis, there's two things that are going to end up happening, underlying. First is, our AGM mix will continue to add as a positive to our margins and then we're going to continue to launch capacity particularly in China and as we go through the launch of some of these China plants, it will be a little bit lumpy as that happens. So those are the two things, I mean there's obviously lots of other things as it relates to timing, but if you think about our business moving forward, overall margins will improve, but as we add capacity there will be some lumps in this as we go.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities: Thanks. And then just my second question would be, maybe more for Brian. You gave a little bit of color on the sort of aggregate part of the gross debt, at the end of this year, the calendar year. Maybe, when we think about other factors like cash restructuring charges and the moving parts around cash taxes, is there any update you could provide on the net debt or net leverage level you expect 12 months from now at the company?
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Well, I think the leverage that we've talked about historically has been 2% to 2.5% and I think with the choppy cash flow we've had in 2017, you really need to look to 2018 to see what type of balance sheet flexibility we're going to have. But, I think once we get out of this year, as I mentioned, we still target 80% free cash flow conversion, but that's on an adjusted basis, right. So we're going to need to get into fiscal 2018, kind of get our feet underneath us a little bit relative to a year that's a bit more normal. And, I think with the cash flow in fiscal 2018, we're going to be in a position where we can further pay down debt and improve our leverage position. Now, the one thing, I'd point out as we look at fiscal 2018 and 2019, the term debt payments that we have coming due are pretty nominal. It's really into 2020 before we start seeing any term debt repayments of any significance. So, we've got a lot of flexibility as we look at 2018 and 2019 and our cash flow gets to a more normalized position.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Next question comes for Steve Tusa from JPMorgan Chase. Your line is now open.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for slipping me in here.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: You guys called out $0.01 of amortization in the second quarter bridge, where is that in the third quarter bridge? Because, I still think you got a, it's probably a benefit year-over-year  bit of a benefit year-over-year still?
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yep. It fully offsets with the net financing charges in the third quarter that's why you don't see it on the bridge.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. So, it's not a discrete item like it was called out in this quarter. And then just building efficiency. So, you guys talked about I think 50 basis points of productivity but for the year or for the total Co. you had, the productivity was higher than that. Was there  what kind of  can you just like maybe explain precisely a little bit more around what kind of offset that or is there just a little bit more around, I guess the mix headwinds you had in the quarter? More specifically what types of  what part of the business that was in?
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: So, Steve, you're referring more to in Buildings, the mix headwinds that we were talking about?
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. I guess, I'm just trying to figure out why productivity didn't read through more in building efficiency. Is it, is there greater productivity somewhere else maybe at corporate or in the battery business maybe? I would have thought the productivity would have been higher there.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yep. So, when you look at the productivity and you look and you see where that sixth sense of synergies and productivity is, you have a piece going through Buildings that George had referenced early of about $30 million and then the rest of it remember you have some through Power because they're having productivity as well because it's synergies and productivity and you also have a piece of that going through corporate. So it's going across all three of those.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. So, it's a little more than just kind of the pure acquisition synergies, so some of the base stuff that they were doing at Battery prior. And then just one  one last one.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Just for everyone's knowledge, if you remember, we are now talking about productivity and merger synergies as one bucket. It kind of goes all...
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: ...the way back to the EPG conference. That's  that's really our  if you want to go with the framework we're using, it goes back to EPG a year ago, and it's the framework we've put in place.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That makes a ton of sense. And then, just lastly, this $10 million hit on the contractor project this quarter. What precisely type of project was that? Was that in old JCI, old Tyco? I would assume it was an install job.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah. So it's in the legacy BE portfolio in North America, very large project that working with the customer we had accelerated the execution of that project and took on some additional charges. And so, with that, we'll continue to work with the customer and it's hard to predict ultimately what we'll recover. But at the end of the day, it's being positioned to deliver on what we've committed to the customer that we're serving, and took some additional costs in the quarter.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot, guys. Appreciate it.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks. I'd like to turn the call over to Alex now for some closing comments.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Sure. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. I just would like to recap a couple of things. One is, if you look at the businesses, if we're going to see growth this quarter, it's good to see that the Buildings business getting on track. And I feel like we're going to gain some momentum. And underlying that, we got some stabilization in our products business, the fire protection products business, and some real strong growth in our HVAC businesses, particularly in our light commercial, residential, and even our applied equipment. So, we think that'll continue and then the other part around our merger cost synergies we're more and more bullish. We've gotten through the corporate piece of this and now we're moving into the Buildings part of it and it's going well. In the meantime, the sales synergies, and I referred to that earlier, that's secured, that we're seeing through the cross-sell opportunities is a real opportunity. I mean, this is not something that is an abstract. We see the projects, we see excitement and our customers are really embracing this opportunity. So, it's going to be a tailwind for us in the long run. And so, we're pretty confident we have the right strategy. We look forward to talking about this over the next few months with everyone, but things are getting clear and clear and the teams are coming together. So, I just want to leave it at that and I'll talk to you soon.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks. Operator that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-02-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc
Analysts: Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to Johnson Controls' first quarter 2017 earnings call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Antonella Franzen, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls' first quarter fiscal 2017 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning, as well as the conference call slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. With me today are Johnson Controls' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Alex Molinaroli; President and Chief Operating Officer, George Oliver; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of today's call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you view today's press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statement that we've included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion, and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted EBITA and adjusted EBIT margins, exclude transaction, integration, and separation costs, as well as other special items. These metrics are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedule attached to our press release. All comparisons to the prior year are on a combined basis, which excludes the results of Adient, which is presented in discontinued operations and includes the results of Tyco net of conforming accounting adjustments and recurring purchase accounting. Now let me quickly recap this quarter's results. Sales of $7.1 billion in the quarter increased slightly year over year on a reported basis. Organic growth of 1% was partially offset by the net impact of FX, M&A and lead pass-through pricing. Earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Johnson Controls' ordinary shareholders was $0.39 and included net charges of $0.14 related to special items. These special items were primarily composed of transaction, integration and separation costs as well as non-recurring purchase accounting charges, which were partially offset by discrete tax items. Adjusting for special items, non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.53 per share compared to $0.48 in the prior-year quarter. Now let me turn the call over to Alex.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, Antonella. Good morning, everyone. Before I get into the details of the first quarter, I'd like to just take one minute, if we turn to slide 5 in your deck, to talk about the key priorities, and we talked about this when we were together in December. I just want to remind everyone what it is that we're focused on before we get into some of the specifics. When you think about this merger, the intangibles of this is bringing together two cultures of these two great companies and we shared with you that we have put together our vision, mission, values and we talked about that at the Investor Day. We're well on our way on our journey to institutionalize this framework that we shared with you across our enterprise. At the same time, we remain focused on delivering our operating and financial plans. And we started off Q1 I'd say not exactly where we wanted to on the growth front, but certainly ahead of our plan on both margin and expansion of our earnings. And I remain confident in our ability to achieve our commitments for the full year. We're deeply engaged in a process of developing a new strategic plan for the combined company. It's informed by our insights from our customers on the convergence of technology. Evaluating our portfolio is an ongoing process that we do here and we're ensuring that we're investing in the right businesses not just because they're good businesses, but they're the right businesses for Johnson Controls. We've installed a disciplined capital allocation strategy, we talked about that in December, which balances our investments for future growth and returning capital to shareholders. Our current set of businesses are well positioned for the right markets for the long term. And I'm confident we'll continue to execute and drive shareholder value. Let's turn to slide 6 and let's talk about our start. Now, we started off this year with a great start with solid activity particularly around our integration activities. And we're currently proud of what's been accomplished by the team. If you think about our first quarter with the spin of Adient and the merger activities around Tyco, I feel, and George will get into the details, I feel very good about our start. The first quarter profitability in both our Buildings and Power are better than we expected. And our teams are focused on what's in their control and they remain focused on execution. We began to realize our cost synergies and we're actually a bit ahead of where we expect it for the quarter and that bodes well for the future. In terms of our end markets, the non-residential market continues to improve. Specifically, the institutional markets continue to be strong. And we saw good order activity there, particularly in healthcare. More importantly our sales teams are excited about the opportunity to work together and our quoting pipeline remains very active and cross-selling activity continues to build. As you know and I just referenced, we completed the Adient spin-off at the end of October. And I'd just like to take the opportunity to wish Bruce McDonald and his team continued success at Adient. Let's go to slide 7. So we put this slide in just to remind everyone about our investments in Asia-Pacific. And it really occurred to me that we wanted to make sure that we continue to talk about that and so I'd just like to spend a few minutes updating you on our progress. You've heard us talk about Asia-Pacific, particularly China and how excited we remain about the growth opportunities in the near term and also in the long run. And we're seeing both top line and bottom line improvement. We see performance across all of our businesses. In Buildings, the organic growth is in the low to mid single-digit range, and in Power we're seeing excellent results growing north of 20% year-on-year on organic basis. We're really seeing the benefit of these strategic investments we've made over the past few years. More importantly we continue to improve our profitability in this region with several hundred basis points of margin expansion. We're leveraging the expanding infrastructure that we have and the infrastructure of our customers and a growing middle class. And our scale continues to accelerate both our growth and improve profitability. I'm also impressed with what's been accomplished. We've been at Hitachi in our integration, Hitachi over a year and all the work that's been put in place to implement our Johnson Controls operating system within the Hitachi joint venture is  continues to contribute an even stronger margin year, year-over-year improvement. I'm proud of our Asia-Pacific team, I want to give them a shout out and I'm confident that they'll continue to grow while continuing to improve our profitability. Let's move to slide 8 and talk about the quarter. Sales in the quarter were basically flat with prior year $7.1 billion on a reported basis. Organically sales grew a little over 1% with a modest decline in Buildings more than offset by increased volume and a favorable mix in Power. We continue to see strong growth in start-stop. George will give you more detail on that in a few minutes. Continued profitability and EBITA of 10% year over year on a reported basis and if you adjust for FX and lead, up 13%, extremely strong execution across all of our businesses. Adjusted EBIT margins expanded 90 basis points overall, far exceeding our expectation of 30 basis points. EPS for the quarter was up 10% versus prior year at $0.53, above the top end of an adjusted range of $0.50 to $0.52, a great start to the new year, and look forward to getting into the details. With that, I'll turn it over to George, and George can go through the businesses.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, Alex, and good morning, everyone. Before I get into the detailed business review, I thought I'd start with a quick integration update. As I discussed with you at our Investor Day back in December, I've been spending quite a bit of my time with our business unit leaders across the organization, getting deeper into the businesses and developing our strategies as a go-forward company. I've also had the opportunity to meet with several of our sales teams and I can tell you that energy levels are high with some early wins in the quarter, which set us up for future revenue synergy opportunities. Let me share with you a few of these recent wins, which highlight collaboration among the teams. Building off a strong legacy Building Efficiency performance record, a government customer contacted our branch regarding a fire system issue with another competitor's equipment. Our local branch teams worked together to secure a life-safety repair project, including a complete SimplexGrinnell fire alarm system. In Canada, our fire team was able to leverage a strong Johnson Controls customer relationship to secure an order for a very large fire sprinkler project. And in Latin America, the joint team had a combined win including a building management system, HVAC, access control, video, and a communication system for a hospital. Again, these are just a few examples of early wins. On the cost synergies side, we have implemented a strong governance structure to track costs and all related synergies. As we laid out for you in December, we expect to capture $250 million to $300 million in cost synergies and productivity savings in 2017. And as Alex mentioned, we are off to a strong start. We achieved roughly $50 million in synergies and productivity or about $0.05 on an EPS basis in the quarter. We expect to capture a similar amount in the second quarter. And then based on the timing around things like head count reductions, we expect to achieve $0.07 in the third quarter and $0.08 in the fourth quarter. The integration of two large organizations requires a lot of heavy lifting, commitment and leadership. Not all decisions are easy, but we have a strong team leading the process, ensuring we execute on decisions made and we move forward to the next step. Both the integration team and the businesses are guided around four main objectives: grow, integrate, change, and operate. We are making good progress and I look forward to keeping you updated on our continued success. Let's turn now to a review of the businesses, starting with Building Technologies & Solutions on slide 10. On a reported basis, Buildings sales declined 2% or a little less than 1% organically to $5.2 billion in the quarter. When you look at the field side of the business, which represents about 70% of total sales, organic growth was relatively flat overall, with a few positives and a few areas of pressure. We had strong growth in applied HVAC systems, which was up mid single-digits. In fire and security, both North America and the rest of world grew in the low single-digit range. On the other hand, performance contracting continued to face pressure tied to federal government budget delays, as well as a tougher prior year comparison, while industrial refrigeration is pressured by the oil and gas and process end markets. These two businesses were down about 20% in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. On the flip side, our products business, which represents the remaining 30% of sales, declined 3% organically year over year. We continued to see very strong growth in UPG, which was up low teens, driven by increased shipments in both residential and light commercial. The strength in UPG was more than offset by a mid-single-digit decline in fire and security products related to the high-hazard heavy industrial end markets. Turning to orders, overall growth of 2% year over year excluding FX and M&A was driven by a 3% increase in field orders, which was partially offset by a 3% decline in our quick-turn product orders, which pressured our sales growth in the quarter. We have seen some early signs of stabilization on the orders front in industrial refrigeration, which is encouraging. Additionally, we expect the decline in fire and security products to ease, with revenues starting to flatten out. This stabilization combined with the timing of backlog conversion gives us confidence in improved sales growth in the second quarter. Backlog of $8.1 billion was up 6% year over year and up 2% sequentially, excluding the impact of foreign exchange and M&A. Buildings EBITA increased 3% year over year, was 6% excluding the headwind from foreign currency to $578 million. The margin increased 60 basis points year over year to 11.1%, benefiting from strong productivity savings and the early traction we're seeing on cost synergies, which more than offset planned incremental product and channel investments during the quarter. Also contributing to the increased margin was the Hitachi JV, which continues to execute well with another quarter of solid operational improvement, although aided by an easy comparison to the prior year. Recall the Hitachi JV closed early in the first quarter of 2016, but the benefits from restructuring actions and plant productivity initiatives do not begin to bear fruit until the second quarter. We would expect that as we move forward in 2017, the magnitude of year-over-year profit improvements generated by the Hitachi JV will become smaller. Turning now to Power Solutions on slide 11, sales increased 9% year over year on a reported basis and 7% organically to $1.9 billion. As a reminder, the organic change excludes the impact of lead pass-through, which benefited Power's top line by just over 250 basis points. Overall, global unit shipments increased 5% year over year, driven by aftermarket shipments, which were up 7%. Global start-stop shipments continued to expand with a 27% increase year over year, with another quarter of significant growth in China and the Americas. Power Solutions segment EBITA increased 8% on a reported basis or 12% excluding foreign currency and lead to $390 million. Power's margin was down 20 basis points year over year on a reported basis, including a 110 basis point headwind from the impact of higher lead cost. Underlying margins excluding the impact of lead increased 90 basis points year over year, driven by leverage on higher volumes and favorable product mix, both higher aftermarket and higher start-stop shipments. Now let me turn the call over to Brian to walk through Corporate and the consolidated financial details of the quarter and our outlook for the second quarter.
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, George. Good morning. So for the first time, we will be reporting Corporate as a standalone segment. I think this provides a bit more transparency to the true underlying EBITA performance of our businesses. This segment is really comprised of enterprise-wide costs like executive management costs, public company costs, and other functional administrative costs that really aren't directly attributable to our primary businesses. Our Corporate segment expense did decrease 12% year over year, and this was primarily due to some of the productivity initiatives and the merger synergies that we had identified as part of the planning process last year, and both were a bit better than expected in the quarter. If I turn to slide 13, there are a lot of moving pieces in this quarter relative to the special items and also the fact that Adient is for the first time reported as a discontinued operation. Given the size of some of the special items, let me just briefly comment on each of those, the first being transaction, integration, and separation costs associated with our portfolio activities. That was roughly $134 million, and the way to think about that is about half of it is transaction-related and half of it is integration-related. We had a restructuring and impairment charge for $78 million. The majority of that would be severance-related. We had a lump sum pension buyout in the first quarter. And as a result of that, which was done in connection with the Adient spinoff, there's a requirement to go through a remeasurement of the liability and assets in the first quarter. And that resulted actually in a $117 million gain in Q1. We had some non-recurring purchase accounting expenses that Antonella referred to. The two primary areas there are the inventory step-up amortization, which is now fully behind us at the end of Q1. And also, we continue to amortize the backlog asset that was set up as part of purchase accounting. And then lastly, there was a discrete tax benefit related to some planning in our foreign entities that resulted in a $101 million benefit. The net of all that is a $0.14 charge, which when added to the $0.39 reported gets to the $0.53 that we've been talking about this morning. So, as I go through my comments, I will exclude these special items and also the comparison will be the pro forma combined financials that we put out on fiscal 2016 in the November 8-K that we filed. So, overall first quarter revenues were up slightly at $7.1 billion. If you exclude FX, lead, and M&A activity, organic sales were up 1%. Gross margin was constant at 31.2% and SG&A was down 3%, which was reflective of the cost reduction initiatives that we have across our business and the merger synergies. If you move to equity income of $55 million, it was 20% higher than year-ago levels, again related primarily to the strong Hitachi year-over-year performance. And then as Alex mentioned, for the first quarter we delivered double-digit segment EBIT growth, and we had EBIT margins of 10.7% which were 90 basis points better than the first quarter of 2016 and again both of those exceeded our expectations for the quarter. If we turn to page 14, net financing charges were $119 million which were slightly higher than last year, and our effective tax rate as we communicated on Analyst Day was at 15%, which compares favorably to last year's rate of 17%. Hitachi continues to perform well and that is also the reason for the increase to $40 million in the minority interest add back line item on the income statement, it's up $11 million year over year. And then overall we had a really strong first quarter with diluted EPS of $0.53 versus $0.48 a year ago. And our business unit management team really continue to deliver strong results during this period of transformation and the level of integration activity that's going on across our company. So turning to cash flow on slide 15, our first quarter adjusted cash flow was an outflow of $300 million. As mentioned at Analyst Day, there are a number of one-time expected payments that we realized in the first quarter. The most notable is the $1.2 billion tax payment we made related to the Adient spin-off. We also had some other items related to Adient's cash outflow for the quarter of $300 million and then we had some restructuring and change control payments of $300 million and transaction, integration and separation costs of a couple of hundred million which would include Adient. So, Q1 has historically been a cash outflow quarter for us. So, the adjusted free cash flow number is consistent with our expectations and we remain focused on delivering the $2.1 billion in adjusted free cash flow for the year. If we move to the balance sheet at quarter end, we had net debt to cap of 33.6% versus 39.7% at year-end. That's really related to the fact that as part of the Adient spin-out there was a $4 billion reduction in our equity and as a result that drove the increase in the ratio. Also during the quarter, we completed our previously announced debt exchange offers related to both the legacy JCI and Tyco debt, and we also made $535 million of scheduled debt repayments in the quarter. I would also just point out that beginning in Q2 we commenced a share repurchase program and expect to buy back about $200 million to $250 million of our shares during the rest of fiscal 2017. And again as we've mentioned, this is really focused on countering the dilutive impact of stock option exercises. And then finally I'd just comment that we continue to evaluate our overall capital structure in order to take advantage of opportunities related to the current interest rate environment as well as the timing of our future debt maturities. So, if you move to slide 17, just a couple of things I'd like to point out here. We've already talked about Adient being reflected as a discontinued operation. Just as a reminder, beginning in the third quarter of this year, we will be changing our segment reporting for the Buildings business. At this time, for the first and second quarter, we'll continue to report segments for I would say the legacy BE business in the same four segments we've reported previously. And then Tyco will be reported as a single standalone business within the Buildings set of businesses. And, as you may recall from Analyst Meeting, when we get to the third quarter, we'll have a Global Products segment. And then, we will have our Installation Project Service business, really our field business in three geographies; North America, Europe, EMEA and Latin America, and Asia. Also, as we move through fiscal 2017, we'll continue to have some special items and our guidance that we give here today will exclude any the impacts of those special items. And, lastly, I just wanted to point out that we did end the first quarter, harmonized the backlog definitions between Johnson Controls and Tyco, the primary adjustment related to the way both legacy companies had treated renewable service contracts. And so, the backlog what we're reporting here that's up 6% reflects those new definitions. Moving to slide 18, which shows the waterfall for our first quarter results, you can see the $0.05 year-over-year EPS improvement. That really comes from cost synergies and productivity savings which drove $0.05, along with volume mix, which is $0.02, both in line with our expectations. In fact, the cost synergies and productivity savings is a couple pennies higher. That was partially offset by planned investments in our Buildings and Power Solutions businesses, which was a $0.02 impact. And then the favorable tax rate was really offset by the FX headwinds we had in the quarter. All-in-all $0.53, which represents a 10% growth over the prior year, and we really are off to a solid start as we move through fiscal 2017. If I turn to page 19, in fiscal second quarter, you can see here that our organic sales will be up 2% and EPS at $0.48 to $0.50, which is up 7% to 11% year over year. And this reduction in Q2 earnings compared to Q1 earnings sequentially is consistent with the historic patterns of both Johnson Controls and Tyco, and really is the result of the seasonality in our Power Solutions business where our customers go through a strong customer stocking period in the months of October through December. The waterfall also shows the benefits of synergies and productivity improvements, that does remain at $0.05 through the second quarter. I would tell you that the first quarter synergies and productivity savings were really a lot of the low-hanging fruit that we're able to quickly move on as part of integration activities. I think as we get the processes and procedures in place here over the next quarter to ringfence both the legacy Tyco business as well as our federal business, I think we'll begin to see the second half ramp up in synergy savings. And then I've got a last slide here that I just wanted to go through relative to the phasing in the first half and second half of our EPS bill. Just to provide some context around this, you can see that the normal seasonality, it's contributing a lion's share of the improvement in the second half along with the ramp-up and the synergy saves that we expect and as Alex mentioned, we're really running a bit ahead of our first quarter target. So I think that bodes well for us looking at the second half of the year. But all-in-all, we remain very confident in delivering a very strong fiscal 2017 and we reaffirm our full-year guidance of $2.60 to $2.75, which will represent a year-over-year increase of anywhere from 13% to 19%. So with that, Antonella, we can it open up for questions.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, Brian. Operator, could you please provide the instructions for the Q&A session and open up the lines?
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. Our first question comes from Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning, Nigel.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning, Nigel.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So, George, you addressed in your prepared remarks the impact of the heavy industrial declines on the fire and security products. But I'm just curious that the field and product growth divergence is about 6 points this quarter. And it's something we've seen echoed by some of your competitors. I'm just wondering if in addition to that, that pressure from the heavy industrial, whether we're seeing some channel inventory clearance, and any perspective on that would be helpful. And then as it relates to the guidance of 2% to 4% for Buildings this year, just given the first half order trends, and the 1Q performance, are we already looking at the sort of the 2% zone for the full year?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Nigel, I think the first question was related to the fire and security products within the heavy industrial, high-hazard space?
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: It's more  just interested in the divergence between field and product trends, and the extent to which we've seen inventory clearance in products.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yes, let me start with the field, within fire and security. We have been building and this holds true also for the legacy JCI Building Efficiency business, we've been building orders consistently about 3% or 4% over the last year or so, and that's been building the backlog. And what we're beginning to see is actually the conversion of that backlog within the fire and security space. And so both businesses, both North America and rest of the world up somewhere 2% to 3%, which actually is a reflection of the progress we've made with orders in building the backlog. Relative to products, products are a shorter, your shorter cycle turn business, and as we've seen our first quarter last year was pretty good within the fire and security space. So now we have a  the last of our tough compare within the first quarter within fire and security. I believe we've seen the inflection point based on the current trends that we see with the activity that's taking place. A lot of this is being driven by the Middle East. And so the Middle East, when you look at both combined businesses, is down pretty significantly. That's driving both the Middle East field business as well as our product businesses. We've seen some real bright spots here over the quarter with some nice wins and orders coming through. And I think that bodes well here as we project the remainder of the year, both within the industrial refrigeration business, within the legacy BE business, as well as now the flow of our product businesses supporting the heavy industrial, high-hazard end markets within the legacy Tyco product businesses. We continue to make the investment in our products. So we have not slowed the investments. And I think as the market begins to recover, we're going to be positioned extremely well to be able to capitalize on that recovery.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then the part on the 2% to 4% for the full year in Buildings, is the high end of that range a stretch at this point?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: So when you look at the orders that we've had and the backlog that we've built, so the orders in the first quarter up about 2%, but the backlog was up 6% year on year, 2% sequentially organically. And so although we're a little bit off what we expected, just recognize that in the first quarter, we only expected modest growth within Buildings in the first quarter. And so we came in a little bit short of that. And we were going to accelerate during the course of the year to be able to deliver on the 2% to 4% organic growth for the year. Now that being said, now that we're off to a little bit slower start than we expected, that will put pressure to get to the higher end of that organic growth range. But we're still positioned with the orders that we've been able to generate, the backlog that's in place, our ability to be able to get into that range, most likely to the low or to mid end of that range that we provided guidance to back in December.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Nigel, this is Alex. From a Buildings perspective, I probably ham-and-egg this a little bit between myself and George. I would agree with what George said. I think that what we're seeing as the backlog continues to develop, just the sheer math of it would tell you that we're probably going to be at the mid range of that or lower. So, that being offset on the positive is I think the synergies are coming a lot faster than what we expected. So I think as we move forward, I'm just glad we continue to build the backlog. Eventually that's got to flow. But what we do have is we do see the cost coming through at a better pace than what we expected.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, thanks for the color, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks, good morning everyone.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Just to follow up on Nigel's question, can we extend that same discussion to the overall core revenue growth guidance for 2017, the 2.5% to 4.5%? I don't think I heard that explicitly reaffirmed, but maybe some color on that.
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: I think it's probably a bit of a carry-on to what Alex and George said regarding Buildings. I think 2.5% to 4.5% consolidated is very doable for us at this point in time. I think Power Solutions continues to perform extremely well. And if some of the backlog starts to flow in the back half of the year on the Buildings side, I think we're very comfortable at 2.5% to 4.5% as a target we can get.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's good to hear. And then on the reference in performance contracting, the government delays, maybe you can expand on that. Is that anything unusual, is it election-related, is it a pause before potential infrastructure spending, just some context around that, please?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: So I'll take this because it needs a little bit of a historical context with Johnson Controls to understand. I think we knew this was coming because a year and a half ago, at the end of fiscal 2015 I guess that would have been, what we saw and it had to do with all the budget issues with the federal government is a significant decline in our secured sales in the federal government business. As I think you know or at least you'll again understand is that business flows really over an 18-month period. So now we're seeing the result of that federal government business that really never came back. It's a new normal of that business, which is a significant part of our performance contracting portfolio, normally secured in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, and that new normal is now what's flowing through our book. So I think if you had the historical context of Johnson Controls, this is the output of the secured sales challenge that was due to the federal government that I think is a new normal, quite frankly. Who knows what the future bodes, but at least over the last year and a half, it's a new normal.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's helpful color, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Hi, Jeff.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good morning. Hey, I was wondering if you've been able to dig a little bit deeper into the whole border adjusted debate and analysis. Obviously, there's not a lot of import/export with guys driving around in trucks and the like. So I kind of get that relative to your service business. But what can you share with us on the product side, your import/export flows and any other frame of reference?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Sure. So there's border adjustment and there's a whole Mexico conversation, and they're related but not completely. And I think we'll have to wait to see how the dust settles. But if you just look  if we just take as a reference point because I think what most people are using is essentially the House blueprint as a tax policy and a border adjustment. I assume that's your reference point too, Jeff.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes, exactly.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: If you think of it that way, we've modeled it, what the impact would be of, say, the 20% tax rate and a border adjustment. It's neutral to us if you look at the overall effect, because we are a net importer, mostly because of our battery business. But it's complicated because our supply chain, we take core batteries into Mexico. We manufacture batteries for the Mexico market and for the U.S. market. We bring batteries back into the U.S., and then we finish them in the U.S. And so when you look at our total cost in our value chain, it's a very complicated equation, and we really don't know the details of the tax plan. But the best we can tell when we do our own modeling, we're net neutral on this.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Great. And I was wondering also, we're all just sorting out, new company, new guidance, there's a lot of things moving around. Looking forward now into the back half and what you gave us, I just went back and looked at Q3 last year for both JCI and Tyco, and it was clearly the strongest organic quarter of the year for both companies, in the scope of what could be a recovering market, maybe not something to be overly concerned about. But as we try to get our models straight here, is there anything we should be thinking about as we lay that second half together off the second quarter guide that you gave us?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: I don't know that we could give you much more in the quarter-to-quarter, but I don't see anything that's unusual this year versus last year. I think what for us at legacy Johnson Controls in particular, as we saw the models that were put together for the second quarter and we knew internally that we were going to have growth, but that we understood our seasonality, and we think a lot of folks didn't really understand our seasonality on the second quarter. So for us, the second quarter that we're giving is not a surprise and the back end is also not a surprise. I just think that this is a learning process that's going on between us and a lot of the folks that are following us that don't really understand the seasonality of the battery business. The battery business is fairly predictable. There are some quarter-to-quarter lead adjustments, but overall it's fairly predictable. And I think if you look at the back half of the year with our backlog and then if you also think about it from the historical perspective, I think we feel relatively comfortable and that's why we put that slide in that showed both the synergy costs and the back-end flow of the business. George, you may have a perspective on the Tyco side.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: I would say, Jeff, that within the Tyco portfolio, I think we start to see better compares as it relates to the heavy industrial, high-hazard end markets. Recognize that within our products business those markets represent about 30% of our volume and revenue. And so I think we start to see a better compare there, the field businesses are executing well with the continued order growth and the backlog growth that we're seeing. That's going to play out here I think well as we now project the second half of the year. We typically have a seasonal decline in the second quarter, is typically the slowest quarter because of the install segment of our business and then it becomes very strong  it strengthens in the third and fourth quarter. So I don't see anything unusual except for that I believe that we're seeing an inflection within some of the key end markets that we serve.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And now one just quick one for Brian, maybe, Corporate in the quarter is clearly run rating lower than the annual guide, I have seen some of that flexes up on higher sales and the like. But how are you thinking about Corporate for the year relative to that $480 million to $500 million guide that you gave us in December?
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yes, pretty consistent. I don't think  we did have some synergies that came out at $15 million reduction in the quarter related some to cost synergies that were permanent takeouts. There was some expense deferral that will probably come back and end up in the second quarter for us. So, I would necessarily go with that $108 million x4, I do think there's probably a slight build in Corporate expenses into the second quarter, so the range we gave before is pretty reasonable still.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Shannon O'Callaghan with UBS.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning, Shannon.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Hi, Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, Alex, you emphasized Asia in the beginning of the call. I mean, the Building Efficiency orders in Asia were down about 3%. Just wondering what your view is in the context of I guess generally staying pretty bullish on Asia?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: When I look at Asia, I guess to give you some qualitative. What I see is that the activity is strengthening in Asia. And then if you think about orders being the field part of our business and you think about revenues on the other side, which show up in our  things like our Hitachi joint venture, we're seeing a mix change too. So it's not just a projects business, which kind of shows up in our orders. But when you think about our products business, we're going to continue to see strength in things like our VRF products that we've gotten through the Hitachi joint venture. But I think overall, I would expect that we're going to continue  we will start to see orders build in Asia not  I mean, that won't be near the pace that we're seeing in Power Solutions because I think we have a unique situation there, but I do think that we're bullish on growth in Asia.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, thanks. And then maybe one along the same line there with the products North America, orders for Building Efficiency up 12%. I mean, that was probably the strongest area that we see in the company. Maybe just a little bit more color by product, and any other flavor there? Thanks.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: We've had some real strong performance here within our residential like commercial business. When you look at our product businesses here, even in the first quarter, our sales were up in those two businesses up 12% organically. Units actually up even further than that, so that's continuing. And we see that coming through strong, as we project the business going forward. We've also seen within the HVAC space some real strong performance in our applied HVAC across the globe, and building off what Alex said about Asia, a lot of that strength is coming through the work that we've done to improve our product as well as expand our channel within Asia. And so we're seeing some nice pick-up there within the HVAC. As I said we have short term, seeing the pressure with the industrial refrigeration, as it relates to the heavy industrial, high-hazard oil and gas type end markets. But the good news there is that in the quarter, we've seen some nice pick-up in order activity, as well as orders secured. And I think that's going to start to benefit us here as we project the remainder of the year. And so I think in the legacy BE portfolio with the exception of the performance contracting, with the investments that are being made, we're starting to see the pick-up within the product channels. And then within the  when you look at within the Tyco product businesses, we continue to invest in spite of some of the pressure that's coming through and the end markets that we serve and truly believe that we're at an inflection point, we'll start to see the progress here over the remainder of the year.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: I think I'm going to take the opportunity to talk about this performance contracting. It's under pressure because of some of the end markets, but one of the things that is going to be important for us as we go forward we'll talk about the branch businesses that pull through products. So, whether it's our applied businesses or our controls business, then of course, what's happening in products. The performance contracting business is a separate business unto itself and so as we compare ourselves whether we're gaining share or losing share, if you look at both the applied and the unitary products, we feel very good about investments we've made and we're seeing share gains. And so that's one of the reasons why we want to separate out because it bodes well for our future. We should see it both from the field side and get leverage at the factory.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thank you, good morning.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Just to follow up on a couple of those questions, so could you first remind us of the size of the performance contracting business as well as industrial refrigeration and maybe what that 20% sales decline meant in terms of absolute dollar decline in the quarter?
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: The performance contracting business is roughly $500 million on an annual basis and industrial refrigeration is probably $400 million to $500 million.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And so going forward, given the orders that picked-up at least on the industrial refrigeration side, what are you expecting the full year to be down and what do you think it's going to be net in 2017? Between those two?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah. Gautam, I mean, I think it's a little bit too early to see what's going to happen here. I think what we've been doing is to try to mitigate the risk that we've seen with the softness that we've experienced, and we've been sizing the business appropriately to be able to execute on the plan. Now, that being said, with the pick-up in orders that gives us some confidence now that with the actions that are being taken that we're going to be positioned to deliver like I said on the guidance that we provided from an organic standpoint going forward. And, hopefully we'll be able to accelerate some of these orders so we can convert within the calendar year. But I think at this stage it's hard to forecast what ultimately the overall impact will be for the year.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah. I guess the qualitative, I'd say the performance contracting will remain under pressure for the year. Industrial refrigeration, we've got some good order growth. And so, if we can get the conversion on that, it'd probably had less pressure on it. That's a qualitative, but I think that's the way I think about it.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And just to follow up on Jeff's question about tax reform and some of the impacts, does it have any impact on how you go about restructuring and where you go about restructuring? Does this give you any pause on the pace or maybe the nature of some of the plans you laid out at the Investor Day?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: No, I don't think it impacts us from that perspective at all. I think the only kind of pause it would give is if you making an investment in plant and equipment, you probably have a new formula, which you don't really know what that is yet. But, it really doesn't affect the plans that we have in place when you think about our synergy efforts and our productivity efforts.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, good morning.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): My first question would be around the EBIT margin expansion. That was around, I think, 90 bps year-on-year in the first quarter. You're guiding to only 20 bps to 30 bps of increase in the second. What's behind that sort of 70 bps deceleration in margin improvement?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: I think that really relates primarily to the fact that the Hitachi transaction occurred at the beginning of the first quarter in last fiscal year. And coming out of the box with Hitachi, as you may recall, they had lower margins. And as we look at the first quarter of this year moving into the second quarter of this year, the Hitachi piece of that is really what's driving it. Because the Hitachi margins, dollar margins and actual margins in the second quarter of last year, obviously, are more comparable to the second quarter of this year than the first quarter was. So I guess a year ago we had Hitachi, just  we just closed the transaction and we didn't really see any of the cost synergies out of that transaction until we started the second quarter. So that's really the primary driver.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. So in Power, there's nothing strange going on with lead or the cost impact of new capacity or anything in the margins?
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: When we gave that 90 bps it had lead out. So the number we're using is neutralized for lead.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Understood. And then secondly, just on the adjusted free cash. As you say, the Q1 is often an outflow for sort of legacy JCI. When we're thinking about the path to get to that $2 billion plus number for the year, when do you think we start to see positive sort of adjusted free cash? Is that really a second half issue or you think Q2, you'll start to see an improvement?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: It could be some  certainly there will be improvement in Q2. I don't know if we'll turn fully positive in Q2. It would be plus or minus $100 million probably off breakeven, but as we've seen I think historically in both companies the second half ramp-up is quite significant, and there are a couple specific things that we're looking at to drive throughout the remainder of this year. I think a lot of the things that have been done at Hitachi to-date have been very focused on cost synergies, and there's an opportunity I think at Hitachi from a trade working capital improvement standpoint, which I think could benefit the second half of the year. And then when we talk about the JCI-Tyco merger as well, I think there's an opportunity as we work through some of the integration activities that we're going to see some improved trade working capital at the combined business. So I would say those are both probably more back half of the year. And when you take that accompanied with the back-ended synergies and the related cash flow that will come off of that and then look at the legacy two businesses and how they generally had a second half cash performance, I think there's a roadmap to the $2.1 billion target we've got.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great, thanks and thanks for all the color in the slides.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Winoker with Bernstein.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks, good morning, all. I just want to make sure on the growth versus synergy element here. You guys in that $250 million to $300 million synergy target this year, none of that is linked to growth, or is some of that on the cost side, in another words, no large purchases that are volume-related that are on the cost side?
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: That's all cost.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: But it's not volume-linked cost?
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Correct.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. And then secondly, I'd like to dig a little bit more on to the cash side. You've talked about the 10 points of conversion opportunity over time. You just gave us some detail about how the year normally sequences. But, George, from maybe also an operating perspective, when you think about that trade working capital, some of your competitors I know at ASHRAE and others are now maybe perhaps maintaining higher inventory levels to accommodate significant growth, at least in North America. How do you deal with that in what appears to be a pretty heavy trade working capital, capital-intensive business right now?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Let me grab that. I think most of the inventory that you see in that business probably has to do with more seasonality because a lot of that inventory is owned in the channel. So I'm not familiar with what you heard at ASHRAE, but when you look at our  if you look at Johnson Controls' working capital and our inventory, it's really more of a Power Solutions conversation than it is HVAC, which relates to the differences. And quite frankly, even though our products business is growing significantly, it's not as big a part of our business as it is probably with our peer companies. Our trade working capital, a lot of that sits in our field organization more than it sits in the channels. But when you think about channels and you think about the product stocking, I don't think that we have seen an inordinate amount of build-up I think a year ago at this time, when we were having a conversation around UPG. We were talking to the channels because we had some product changes, but I don't know that we have anything inordinate now.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: I would say, Steve, just based on the performance that we've seen here, we're turning that pretty quickly. We're producing at a double-digit rate on units. And as you've seen in the UPG channel or our business there, we're up 12% organically year on year, and we're projecting that to continue to be able to outperform the growth of the market. And so I think based on what we've seen, we're efficiently utilizing that inventory, and it's turning pretty well.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. All right, great. And I just want to make sure on the Buildings side, it sounds like it is. Thanks.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: So just a footnote, we've seen a change in inventory that's half of our sales rate in our UPG business. So to George's point, it's turning quick, or quicker than it was.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joshua Pokrzywinski with Buckingham Research Group.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Hi, good morning guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: On the backlog conversion, which I think is really what you're trying to say, George and Alex, on the underpinnings of the second half acceleration in the Buildings business, how do you think that's trended over the last call it 18 months? It seems like orders have steadily grinded higher in both JCI and legacy Tyco conversion, or I guess the way we've seen organic growth, it had some fits and starts. And some of that is products, which don't really make it into it, some of that is compares. But how much of the second half outlook is really just execution on what you have in the backlog already versus hoping the products business picks up some steam as maybe the channel inventories move around or you get some easier comparisons?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Let me start by giving you the fundamentals of each of the businesses. If you go back historically, the BE backlog turns anywhere from 9 to 18 months. The Tyco backlog on the installed business is 9 to 12 months. And recognize that every project is unique in how we ultimately go to market and execute on these projects. Now if you look at the total Buildings business, about 70% of the business is driven by the field orders. And so when you go back historically and do an average based on that backlog and the type of projects that are in the backlog and then project what's going to happen here over the next 9 months, we feel very comfortable with where we are and how those projects are going to convert, that we get into what we ultimately guided towards, which is the 2% to 4% for the total Buildings business because this is a significant piece of that within 2017. And so at this stage, I think it's all about execution. We're going to see some continued orders come in that are quicker turn to supplement that backlog. But it's fairly predictable at this stage where we are through the year and ultimately what we expect here over the next three quarters.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: So it sounds like  not to put words in your mouth, George, but yes, the products business either accelerates or doesn't. And you're talking about maybe 0.5 point of variance, not a point or even multiple points, just given the relative sizing.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Correct. On a flow basis on the products side, as you know, we're continuing to expand our channels across both sets of businesses. That's helping us being able to accelerate the product growth. And that combined with the product that we support our internal channel with sets us up here fairly nicely for the next three quarters and continuing to accelerate the overall growth that we're going to achieve and deliver on the guidance that we provided.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Think of it as one piece of color on that legacy BE business. I think when we look at it internally, the law of large numbers. When we go into a fiscal year because of the turn rate, and you can do this math yourself, we're about 40% confident. About 40% of what we're going to get in a year is already in our backlog. Obviously, as the year goes on, that percentage goes up. So with 40% at the beginning of the year, you can kind of do your math. And so you can see as we go later in the year, as George was saying, we gain more and more confidence or not because it's either in the backlog or it's not. And so hopefully that makes sense but that kind of the 40% number walking into the year is from legacy BE when you look at our flow rates is how the math works.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Got it.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Alex, any other final comments before we end the call?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yes, I'd just like to finish the call and once again just thank our employees. The amount of change is incredible and I think we've moved past talking about Adient and the spin. I'm just proud of what we accomplished there but as we run these two companies together, it's  what I feel good about is the momentum that we're gaining around that something, George putting in place around organizational structure while getting the Buildings business organized and as it gets organized, we're going to be able to not only see cost synergies but be able to fulfill the promise of the merger. And so I want to thank our employees for a great quarter and we're confident about the year, I hope that comes true in this call, it just a lot of work for us to do. But I'm confident we've got the right team doing it. So thanks a lot, have a great day.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, Alex. And thanks, everyone, for joining. Operator, that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-11-08 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc
Analysts: Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Evelyn Chow - Goldman Sachs & Co. Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP
Operator: Welcome to Johnson Controls' Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only, until the question-and-answer session. This conference is being recorded, if you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will turn the call over to Antonella Franzen, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls' fourth quarter fiscal 2016 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning, as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. With me today are Johnson Controls' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Alex Molinaroli; President and Chief Operating Officer, George Oliver; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of today's call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you view today's press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that we've included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion, and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our segment operations during the call references to adjusted EBIT margins, exclude transaction, integration, and separation costs, as well as other special items. This metric is a non-GAAP measure and is reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release. In addition to our earnings release issued this morning, we filed an 8-K, which contains quarterly pro forma fiscal 2016 financials for Johnson Controls Plc. The pro forma financials represent the combination of Johnson Controls, excluding Adient and Tyco, including conforming accounting adjustments and recurring purchase accounting, to provide you a comparable basis for our reporting in fiscal 2017. The purpose of this call is to discuss the quarterly results for the fourth quarter. If you have any questions regarding the pro formas, please contact me after the call. Now, let me quickly recap this quarter's reported results. On a GAAP basis, which includes one month of Tyco, sales of $10.2 billion in the quarter, increased 17% year-over-year on a reported basis, driven primarily by the contribution from the Hitachi joint venture as well as Tyco. Earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Johnson Controls' ordinary shareholders was a loss of $1.61 and included net charges of $2.82 related to special items. These special items were primarily composed of non-cash mark-to-market pension/post-retirement and settlement losses, transaction, integration and separation costs, restructuring charges and tax expense related to the Adient spin-off. Adjusting for special items and excluding the Tyco results, non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.21 per share, compared to $1.04 in the prior-year quarter. In order to remove the complexity associated with the closure of the merger with Tyco, the results discussed on today's call reflect the underlying non-GAAP operating results of legacy Johnson Controls. Now, let me turn the call over to Alex.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, Antonella. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today on this call. Before I get into the details for the fourth quarter, I'd like to just spend a moment as I've done over the last few quarters to reflect on the commitments we made last December. Of course, we'll be making some new commitments in the upcoming December, but to reflect on how we did against those commitments throughout 2016. As you all know, there was an awful lot that happened at Johnson Controls. Let's start on slide five of the presentation. As we started the year, we had a couple of strategic objectives we needed to achieve during the year, first, was our integration of Hitachi as you recall, first of last fiscal year we formed a joint venture with Hitachi. And I'd just like to say that the performance of the Hitachi joint-venture, the integration activities has far exceeded our expectations. And I think it's a great platform for us moving forward. The second thing that was important to us to get accomplished, and we just accomplished this on October 31, was a spin-off of Adient. I just want to make a couple of comments about that. I was fortunate to be invited by the Adient team to be a participant at the New York Stock Exchange last Monday when they rang the bell and their first trade happened. And I couldn't be more proud to be associated with the team. And I feel great about what they have in front of them as it relates to the opportunity. Great team and I'm happy for Bruce and for all the Adient employees. And I wish them well in the future. And then obviously, one of the most important events, clearly that's a watershed event for us, is the historic merger with Tyco, which happened a month ahead of our schedule. We'd scheduled it for October 1, and we were able to get that done a month early. And we have our legacy Tyco team members here today. In line with our vision three years ago that we started to transform ourselves to a multi-industrial leader, I can say now we truly are a multi-industrial. We have a great position, leading positions in building technologies, integrated solutions for buildings and energy storage. And George will give you some updates on the progress that we've made so far related to the integration and sort of frame-out the organization. Second, our financial commitments; throughout this entire process, we've had every opportunity for our folks to be distracted. And I couldn't be more proud of what they've been able to accomplish, 150 basis points of adjusted EBIT margin expansion over the last year, and most of that achieved, at least in large part due to our Johnson Controls operating system initiatives and our cost reductions. Earnings-per-share growth 16%, and without sacrificing the continued investments we have in our business, and just to highlight a couple here on the page, we have strategic capital investments as you know expanding our AGM capacity 245 million in North America. And then, forming the joint-venture in order to add our fourth plant with Bohai Piston, which is an affiliate of BAIC in China, in order to increase our capacity there in China. We've accomplished a tremendous amount this year in this quarter, and I just want to thank all of our employees for their hard work, it's truly remarkable. Across the globe, across all of our segments in all of our businesses, everyone really pulled together as a team. Our transformation, coupled with our strong financial performance, allows us to enter this 2017 with great momentum. We're really positioned well to deliver  continue delivering strong results. So if you turn to slide six, I just want to reiterate, we exceeded our guidance for the fiscal fourth quarter, and then we were at the high end of our guidance for the fiscal year. Let's go to slide seven. So we finished the year strong, both from a top-line and a bottom-line perspective. Organic growth, our sales increased 4%, if you exclude Automotive or Adient, with 2% growth in Building Efficiency, and 8% growth in Power Solutions. Building Efficiency; to give you a little bit of color on that: underlying strength in Asia, real progress in China, when we started the year we weren't sure, but as the year has gone on, China has gotten stronger and stronger. We've introduced some exciting new products in our HVAC product range around small tonnage chillers for the Asian market, and really seeing good traction there. Another thing to really happy about is our products in North America. In our UPG business, we are actually gaining share, both in residential and light commercial, and seeing strong growth both in residential and light commercial mostly because of new product introductions there and the investments we've made over the past couple of years. Power Solutions has benefited from strong growth across all of our regions. Start-Stop technology has grown 30% globally, that's held up over the year, and as you know, we're adding more capacity. This year we shipped over 152 million batteries, which is an increase of 4% from a unit perspective. Lastly, an added confidence as we move into 2017, orders grew 6% in the fourth quarter, and it's a fourth consecutive growth  fourth consecutive quarter of mid-single-digit growth in orders secured. And we continue to see strength in our orders in the institutional vertical markets, and that is on a tough comparison. We've seen growth on a year-over-year perspective here for the last couple years. Turn to slide eight. I just want to remind you this excludes any results from Tyco. Revenues in the quarter increased by 7% to $9.4 billion. If you take-out FX and M&A, the overall revenue was level, and Brian will give you more detail business-by-business. Profitability, we continue to show improvement year-over-year with all of our  across each and every one of our businesses with the segment income adjusted up 16%. Our adjusted margins expanded 90 basis points overall for the quarter, EPS up 16% to $1.21. And I couldn't  I think as Brian goes through the numbers, I think you'll see that we had strength in almost all of our regions and in each of our businesses, so great performance. With this, I'm going to turn it over to George, and he will give you an update on how we're doing with integration.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, Alex, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start by thanking and congratulating, both the legacy JCI and legacy Tyco teams for all of their hard work and dedication over the last nine plus months. Our integration teams, working with our employees across the globe, have put in countless hours and an enormous effort to put us in a position to complete the merger a month ahead of schedule, so that we could hit the ground running in September. We have moved firmly into the execution phase of our Day One plan. And although, we're only two months into the process, I'm encouraged by what I'm seeing, including some very early traction on our $1 billion cost synergy commitment, as laid out on slide nine. We'll update you in more detail and provide some timing around synergy achievement at our upcoming Analyst Day on December 5. As we have come together as one team, it has become more and more apparent to me that the two organizational cultures have more similarities than differences, as I've seen that in nearly every region of business I visited within my first 60 days. In the marketplace, we continue to receive positive feedback from our customers and channel partners, and I can tell you they are just as excited about this combination as we and all of our employees are. Turning to slide 10, we will be organized around two strategic platforms: Buildings and Power. The Buildings platform represents a combination of the legacy Building Efficiency businesses within Johnson Controls and the legacy Tyco businesses. Together, these businesses will generate roughly $23 billion in annual sales and consists of several well-known and trusted brands across complex HVAC, building controls and fire and security systems. We are well-positioned in the building, with one of the broadest portfolios of products, integrated solutions, and service offerings in the market. We are also uniquely positioned with our customers and channel partners with a large installed base and significant scale in the direct channel. Going forward as one company, we will be able to leverage that global scale to expand our installed base as well as our market reach. And as the technology convergence in the building evolves, we'll be prepared to lead the way. The Power platform includes a portfolio of leading battery technologies across the product technology continuum, with number-one positions in conventional lead acid and AGM Start-Stop batteries globally. Our Power Solutions business has a large and resilient aftermarket business with consistent performance and growth throughout the cycle. I look forward to providing you more details on our strategic growth plans across the portfolio on December 5 at the Analyst Day. Let me now turn it over to Brian to walk through the financial details of the quarter.
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in our release this morning, our Q4 reported results, as expected, were a bit noisy and included a number of special items which resulted in a net charge of $2.82 in the quarter. We've summarized those adjustments for you in an appendix. But just given their overall size, let me briefly comment on each of them. First of all, transaction, integration and separation cost of $293 million. Those costs relate primarily to the Adient separation and the Tyco merger and were in-line with our expectations. We also had a restructuring charge in the quarter related to asset impairments as well as some workforce reductions. And the way you should view that, as outlined in the appendix, is about half of that charge is cash and the other half is non-cash. And it's really spread ratably across the businesses and corporate. We also have, as we always do in the fourth quarter, a mark-to-market pension adjustment given the accounting method that we use. That adjustment was $514 million in the fourth quarter, related primarily to a decline in interest rates year-over-year. There were also some non-recurring purchase accounting items of $74 million. A good example of that would be the requirement to step-up inventory to fair value in the opening balance sheet, and that turns out as that inventory turns. That we've called out separately at $74 million. And then there was $1.1 billion charge related to the Adient separation. As I talk through the business results, I'll exclude the impact of the special items as well as the Tyco results since they were not included in our previous guidance of $1.17 to $1.20. Similarly, we've got the Hitachi joint venture, which closed in October of 2015, and so the Hitachi JV does impact the quarter-over-quarter comparability, and I'll comment on that as I go through the results. And then for the first time, the Automotive Interiors joint venture, which closed in July of last year, we do have comparability in Q4 this year versus Q4 last year as it relates to the Interiors JV. So with that, let me turn to slide 11, Building Efficiency. Their fourth quarter sales were $3.6 billion, which were up 25% from the prior year. If you adjust for the impacts of M&A and FX, the sales grew 2% and had a strong comparable 2015 quarter, which saw a 5% growth rate. Revenues in our Systems and Services North America business were level year-over-year, and we saw a good growth in our Residential business and Products North America of 3%, and as Alex mentioned, Asia was up 8%, ex-Hitachi. We had good order growth in the quarter, up 6%, and as Alex mentioned, it's the fourth consecutive quarter where we saw order growth above the 5% level. Systems and Services North America was up 6%, Products North America was up 7% due primarily to growth in our Residential business, and Asia was up 7%. Our backlog ended the year at $4.8 billion, a 5% year-over-year improvement. Turning to segment income at Building Efficiency, it was up 17% year-over-year due primarily to the contribution of the Hitachi JV entities and the North America Residential business in Asia. And as expected, in the fourth quarter, we did see a 80 basis point reduction from the prior-year quarter to 11.3%. That was due primarily to mix related to the lower-margin Hitachi joint venture and some ongoing product and sales force investments we made. If you kind of step back and look at the full year as far as Building Efficiency margins, we ended the year up with 9.2% from 9.1% last year. And that was far in excess of the guidance that we provided in December of last year at our Analyst Day. Moving to slide 12, real quickly touching on the Tyco results, which as you know, that merger was completed on September 2. Sales for the month of September were $828 million and segment EBIT was $86 million. That $86 million does include $21 million of recurring purchase accounting amortization, so if you adjust for that, the EBIT of $107 million reflects about a 13% loss in the quarter. And I'd say overall, as we look at the Tyco businesses moving into fiscal 2017, they've got solid momentum. Turning to slide 13 on Power Solutions, they just had another great quarter. Their sales were up 7% compared to last year, 8% if you adjust for foreign-exchange and lead. And in terms of units, we saw higher volumes across all regions, with global fourth quarter shipments up 7%. Asia was up 22%, Europe was up 11%, and the Americas were up 3%. As far as Start-Stop shipments, they continued to be strong, up 30% year-over-year, growing from 3.1 million units to 4 million units. And all regions delivered higher year-on-year growth with China up 136%, albeit on a very low base. Americas up 87% in a growing market, and EMEA is up 3% in a very mature market. We also saw Q4 OE up 2% and aftermarket up 9%, again strong showing. If you look at Power Solutions segment EBIT for the quarter of $394 million, it was up 16%, primarily driven by the higher unit volumes, product mix and cost reduction efforts. There was segment margins in Q4 were up 160 basis points and were well above our expectations for the year. For the year, we had 19% margins and we had guided in December to 17%. So another great year for Power Solutions. Touching quickly on slide 14 on the Auto business: Their sales were down 5%, the higher volumes in Asia were offset by lower volumes in North America and Europe. As far as China, we did see the 100% sales numbers for our non-consolidated JVs, up 26% in the quarter to $2.9 billion and if you adjust for foreign-exchange that was actually 31% compared to industry production of 21%. So the JVs continue to perform exceptionally well. For the quarter, Automotive segment EBIT of $281 million, up 13% year-over-year, and overall Auto margins were 7.1%, up 110 basis points for the quarter. So, let's move to the financial highlights on slide 15. Overall fourth-quarter revenues were up 7% to $9.4 billion, that was primarily driven by the Hitachi JV, offset by some headwinds for FX. If you look at gross margin for the quarter, it was up 90 basis points to 20.5%, and as Alex mentioned, we continue to see the benefits of the Johnson Controls operating system efforts on a global basis. SG&A was up 13% from last year. If you remove the impact of Hitachi joint ventures, the SG&A is actually down 4% year-over-year, and I think this is really reflective of the continued focus that we have on right-sizing our cost structure in connection with the Adient spin-off. Equity income of $150 million was up 43%. That was due primarily to the Interiors joint venture, which added about $8 million year-over-year, and the Hitachi JV with $30 million. So overall, a great fourth-quarter with double-digit EBIT growth at 16%, and segment margins improving to 11.6%, which is a 90 basis point improvement. Turning to slide 16, fourth-quarter net financing charges of $77 million were slightly higher than last year, due primarily to the portion of the Adient debt proceeds that we drew on in the quarter. Tax rate remained at 17%, and the non-controlling interest was up $40 million, due primarily to the Hitachi joint venture entities. So as Alex mentioned, diluted earnings per share of $1.21 was up 16%, and I too give a lot of credit to our management teams globally to continue to focus on our external financial commitments that we've made in a period when it would be pretty easy to point to the transformational activities and other initiatives that we've got in our businesses being a distraction. So, well done to our global teams. On slide 17, balance sheet and cash flow at quarter-end. Our net debt-to-cap ratio was 39.4%, which is right in-line with expectations. We do have kind of a grossed up balance sheet at the end of this fiscal year, primarily related to the $2.2 billion of debt we assumed in connection with the Tyco merger. In addition, there was the $4 billion of newly issued debt in connection with the merger, the cash of which went to the JCI shareholders. And this balance sheet that you have at September 30, includes $3.5 billion of debt related to Adient, and there's $2 billion of cash in escrow, $1.5 billion which will be retained by JCI, and $0.5 billion has gone to Adient as of October 31. Our cash flow in the quarter was $900 million, which exceeded our expectations, and for the year adjusted free cash flow was $1.7 billion versus a plan of $1.5 billion. So I was pleased with the progress we made there in fiscal 2016. And CapEx was pretty much in-line with expectations. Just a waterfall chart on slide 18, to kind of show you the pro forma net debt; you can see we started at the $16.4 billion and the $3.5 billion of debt that went with the Adient spin on October 31. We have net cash of $700 million at the end of the year, and then we will have $1.5 billion of the $2 billion in escrow come to us. So our true pro forma net debt position as we move forward is $10.7 billion, which is right in-line with where we expected after the transformational activities. Before we open it up for questions, I'd just like to take a couple minutes here on slide 19 and talk about items of interest as we move into fiscal 2017. First of all, as we've talked about throughout the quarters this year, even though the Adient spin-off has already occurred, from an accounting standpoint we can't report that as a discontinued operation until the date of the spin. So the first time we'll report Adient as a discontinued operation will be in Q1 of fiscal 2017, and all prior periods will be restated. Consistent with George's comments regarding our two strategic platforms, we do plan on changing our reportable segments, probably in the later half of 2017. So within the Buildings platform, there will be more granularity that we provide as we move forward into 2017, and we'll talk about that a bit more at our Analyst Day on December 5. We're also going to report corporate as a stand-alone segment and we think that's going to provide better transparency to our underlying business unit margins, and the overall level of corporate costs. We will also finalize the Tyco purchase accounting. As of September 30, 2016, we've done a preliminary allocation based upon some preliminary work done by our outside valuation firm. There will be some true ups to that as we move through the first half of fiscal 2017. We'll continue to have some restructuring, and impairment and integration costs as well as our Q4 pension mark-to-market in 2017. But I think those will be communicated as far as range and expected costs, again on December 5. As Antonella mentioned, we did file a Form 8-K this morning, which shows the fiscal 2016 quarterly and full-year EPS numbers on a pro forma basis. The full-year is $2.31 and that includes about $0.31 of annual consolidated amortization expense. So on slide 20, to wrap up here, please join us on December 5 at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in New York for our Analyst day, and at that meeting we will present our Q1 and full fiscal 2017 guidance. And with that, Antonella, we can turn it over for questions.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, Brian. Operator, could you please provide the instructions for asking questions?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Deane Dray from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and congratulations on getting to the finish line and then starting your next marathon as well.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thank you
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: The slides were real helpful as were the 8-K just to kind of sort us through the changes. And maybe just for the legacy Tyco analysts like myself, George, can give us a perspective on the quarter consistent with the metrics that we are used to seeing on organic revenue growth orders and so forth?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Sure, Deane, let me just give you a high-level summary. Certainly, as the year played out we saw a continued softness in the high-hazard heavy industrial end markets, and that had a fairly significant impact on our product businesses as they played out for the year. That does impact about 35% of our revenues in that segment, and certainly these are high-margin businesses. Overall though, the orders for Tyco were up low single-digits so we continue to expand orders. The backlog year-on-year is up 4%, which does position us well here to get out to a good start in 2017.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And then, Alex, this might be a good question for the Analyst Day, but your comment that the transformation is complete, certainly, JCI is  has arrived as a multi-industry company, but the idea is portfolio optimization never ends. And where do you think  at the margin do you expect portfolio moves over the next year or so?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, so that's a good question. So I'm not sure if I had an adjective in there or not. At the margin, we're going to be looking at our portfolio. That's not going to change. But I think that the comment that I made was the major transformation to get us to a platform that we can truly call ourselves a multi-industrial is complete. I mean, and I think that probably means more to the legacy Johnson Controls people that had followed us, because we've gone through this transformation over the last three years, and if you've been a spectator, it's been quite a transformation. I think where we are as we're in a position we can truly call ourselves a multi-industrial now. Now we have to  that just means  I think you just said it a minute ago that it's the new marathon begins. And portfolio optimization is not going to be something that's going to be lost on us. We're looking at our  actively looking at our portfolio both in the legacy Johnson Controls and legacy Tyco businesses, and that will continue. And we'll talk a lot about that, or at least we'll talk some about it in December, as it relates to not only capital allocation, but strategically how we want to position ourselves. So more to come on that. But if I left you to believe that we are done, that's not correct. I think I want to make sure that you understand, everyone understands, particularly our employees, that we've got ourselves now positioned where we need us to be as a true multi-industrial. The Automotive business is set-up to be successful, and I think now we have a platform for us to optimize...
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great to hear. Yeah, that's  I appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Jeffrey Sprague from Vertical Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Hey, Jeff.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Just some questions really kind of on the numbers so we're just kind of level-set here, because I think we're not getting a lot on forward guidance. But first, just on the amortization, maybe it's for Brian. It looks like the deal-related amortization came in on the low side of what was expected. Can you provide a little bit more color on what drove that, and if that number is likely to move around some more?
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, I don't think that number is going to move around now significantly. I think we're pretty well grounded with the valuation firm we're working with relative to the amortizable intangible asset base. So I think the number that's out there in the pro formas is a pretty solid number as we look at it going forward. You're right, it did come down from the preliminary filings that were made. I think it came down roughly $100 million or so; I'm probably rounding there. But that had to do really with the original information that was provided to the outside firm. As you go through that process of finalizing a valuation, there's tweaks you make to it based upon variations in earnings levels by geography, and what ended up happening as a result of some of those changes we made, some of the amortizable asset base came down as far as intangibles, and it really got reallocated to either indefinite-lived intangibles or to goodwill. So I think that number where it stands right now, Jeff, is a pretty good number to use. And that number will be with us for a while because the life associated with those amortizable assets is anywhere from 10 years to 15 years, so that's a pretty good number.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then  thank you very much for that detail. And then also just on the baseline number of $2.31, I believe stranded costs would be conceptually in that number. Can you give us a sense of what that is, and how rapidly that could come down, or what we should think about that?
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, I mean, the stranded costs number that we've kind of been talking about related to the Adient spin-off. It was about $150 million, and I think a little over half of that was taken out in fiscal 2016, so it's already reflected in the results. The other half will come out during fiscal 2017, and it's really part of the $300 million of productivity that we've talked about that will be recognized over the next three years as part of the JCOS benefits that we're going to realize. So I think that's the way to think about that, Jeff.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thanks. And if I could just sneak one more bigger-picture in. George, you mentioned kind of just an early traction on cost synergies. I'm just also wondering early reaction from customers on the sale side, I doubt you have some big marquee order to share with us today, but how is the sales funnel looking? And do you guys see some early traction on that effort?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Sure, Jeff. As you know, and Alex and I've talked a lot about this. We had an outstanding integration team put together over the last 10 months and they've done some great planning work and now we're into the implementation phase. Revenue growth is a key component of the merger, and we've had commercial teams across the globe laying out the existing customer bases, how we serve them today, the opportunity that we have to be able to cross-sell and serve them with more of our portfolio. Build services and how we create additional value for those customers that we serve. And we feel really good about the planning process, and now we're putting in the right incentives so that no matter where our commercial people sit across the globe, they are going to be properly incentivized to be able to bring the new capabilities to their customer base, and to be able to drive growth. We're going to lay this out in a lot more detail at the Analyst Day in December, but we are certainly feeling very good about this because this, certainly, was a key component of the merger to be able to accelerate the ability to be able to serve customers, being able to capitalize on the full portfolio, being able to converge some of the technology to be able to longer-term change the game, and how we serve buildings. And I feel really good about the progress we've made.
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Hey, Jeff, I'd just add as Alex said, you know we had an opportunity to work on this almost in a lab environment for nine months, so it wasn't real except for the fact that we had a chance to visit with customers. And what I've seen happen with the integration teams over the last couple of months, it's gone from an idea to a reality, and I've seen a lot of confidence building in our team. As we get an opportunity to meet with the integration team and now moving into the business. George put together an organization that's going to activate it, he talked about incentives, I know he'll talk about that. But I'm actually really pleased with what I see. One of the things I didn't mention earlier, I'm just going to sneak in, it doesn't have anything to do with this question, but it relates to being able to get synergies. We've actually seen almost $100 million in revenue  in secured the CBRE relationship, and we've learned a lot. It's not the same, but we've learned a lot in being able to pull-through activities from activities like that. So I think our team is seeing those things too, and that gives them confidence. I think we're going to be pleasantly surprised. Obviously, we've got to secure it before we revenue it, but I think in December, we'll maybe have a couple of those stories we can share with you.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah. And your questions about customers, I've met with a number of customers in my first 60 days here with the integration, and they're very excited about the combined capabilities and our ability to be able to better serve them on combining the work that we do across our channels.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys. Congratulations.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning, Gautam
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: I have three quick questions. First, I was wondering, at the Investor Day do you plan to lay out multi-year targets, revenue and EPS like you used to at Tyco?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Well, I can't speak about Tyco. But we will give you some  we'll give you some ongoing metrics that you can look at that you can hold us accountable to, hold ourselves accountable to, which I think, look, based on what I've seen in the past, very similar to what we've done at Johnson Controls Investor Day. So you will get something that gives you guidance on each aspect, whether it'd be cost reductions, productivity, top-lines, bottom-line. It will give you some guidance on how we're thinking about capital allocation also.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: I think we will probably give pretty solid focus on fiscal 2017, and then we will give medium-term guidance relative to key financial metrics, sales growth, segment EBIT growth et cetera. And that's reasonably consistent with what JCI has done historically as well. So you'll be able to kind of take it through 2020 based upon the way we're doing things.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. That would be helpful. And the second question was on Power Solutions and the strong growth you experienced in the quarter. Was there any one-time affect in the quarter? Or is this what we should be anticipating going forward in terms of organic growth based on the mix shifting to AGM and what have you?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Well, I think the unit growth, I don't really think about it quarter-to-quarter because there are  depending on  a lot of times it depends on pricing and stocking. A quarter can move around a little bit. But I think what you've seen if you look at our average growth across the year, I think that's really consistent. I think when you look at it quarter-to-quarter, it's a little bit dangerous as each one of our customers is either filling their channel getting ready for the season, or finishing the season and sometimes that doesn't happen the same quarter after quarter. But if you look on an annual basis I think it's fairly consistent, which is around 5%, and I think that's probably a pretty good number. And the mix is obviously going to help us because it's more and more AGM and of course, a lot of our capacity is moving into China, so it's going to be heavily focused on Asia growth.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: All right. Thank you. And lastly, I was wondering, maybe you gave us this before, but what is the dividend for the go-forward company?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: We didn't get into that. (40:02)
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: That will be approved by our board at the November meeting, and it's still under review. So we don't have the go-forward dividend for 2017 established yet. We'll be announcing that at the Analyst Day, as well.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: All right. Thanks a lot. I'll turn it over.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Steven Winoker from Bernstein. Your line is now open
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning, and congrats on the milestone, everybody.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, Steve.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thanks, Steve
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Thank you.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So I just wanted to maybe start with getting a little more granularity, if I could, on the HVAC side, and specifically YORK equipment as opposed to services, resi versus non-resi. Can you just give us some color for the quarter of what was the organic growth in that business that you saw, resi, non-resi in the Americas maybe?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Why do you ask? We had a great quarter. I'll put it in units. Our residential unit growth was 23%, which is outstanding. Now we have a lot of new products to come out. We also announced some pricing that's going to be effective the first of November. So I'd have to say that, I'm sure some of that impacted it, but what we're seeing is an awful lot of growth in both residential and our light commercial growth was in the upper teens also, from unit perspective. And that's really a benefit from a lot of the product investments we've been making over the last couple years, and then we've also been making some investments in some of our channel structures. So great quarter, gained share. Glad you asked the question
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And the second part of that question was non-resi?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Non-resi in the unitary was close to 17%
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And applied?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Around 4%
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Specifically, on the applied side for, maybe large absorption chillers, are you seeing large project activity picking up on the bid front?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: We're seeing project activity because that would be in line with our SSNA channel in North America where we're seeing weakness is in the Middle East and Europe, particularly as it relates to when it's starts moving toward the energy-related markets is where we're seeing some weakness. So we're seeing strength in China. We're seeing steady as she goes in North America, and having, just like, the rest of the market, almost a near collapse when you think about the Middle East because of the energy-related part of the market. And then of course that bleeds into our industrial refrigeration. So a lot of the gains that we are getting are being offset by industrial refrigeration and some of the toughness in the Middle East market.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: That's really helpful and sounds good. Secondly, on CapEx and cash. Maybe just a little bit of picture or you may defer this to December, but how should we think about in Georgia, also, as you're starting to look across the organization, how that CapEx may pace down over years or how working capital may improve on maybe the combined business? A little color there would be helpful.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah. We ended the year with CapEx right at $1.250 billion which is what we planned for. The current year included in that number. Round numbers was about $300 million or $350 million related to the Automotive business. And if you look at Tyco's historic CapEx, it's in that $300 million to $350 million range, as well. So I think in the near-term here we don't see a significant reduction in CapEx. I think a number between $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion will probably be steady-state for us for the next two or three years as we ramp up some of the investments that Alex talked about in the Power Solutions business. That does give us a reinvestment ratio that's probably around 1.5 times or thereabouts. And so we recognize it's probably a bit higher, but I also would tell you that the growth investments we're making have good business case financial metrics associated with them.
Steven Eric Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: All right. Great. We'll leave the rest for December. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Julian Mitchell from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thank you. I just wanted to start with the Building Efficiency organic sales growth. You'd called out that the EMEA region was very soft in line with other companies. But if we look at the North America Systems and Service specifically, sort of flattish sales there and I think that did drag down the global organic sales average a little bit. Did you see any delays in customer conversion of orders into revenues? Or it's just sort of classic kind of lumpiness and we should expect that revenue number in North America Systems and Service to accelerate soon?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, I think we had a pretty strong comparable last year in North America, but I do think it's just project flow. There's nothing that you would look inside there and see an aberration. The orders are strong; backlog's up. So I don't expect that that's something to be concerned about. I think it's probably, as you just said, just the timing of projects themselves. Nothing sticks out as being unusual.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks. And then related to that, you called out the strength in some of the institutional buildings verticals.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yes.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Remind us, I guess how much of your Building Efficiency segment is institutional?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Well over half. Probably two-thirds of our Buildings business is institutional related. And just to remind you, when we say that, that would be the government verticals, healthcare, and education.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks. And then secondly would just be on the Power business. Very good incremental margins, 40%, 45% or so. Could you remind us where we are on the cost build-out within China? On and off in the past 18 months, that has been a headwind on your EBIT margin within Power. Was there any kind of one-time factor driving that down in Q4? Or you think that the margin headwind from China is kind of behind you largely in Power?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Well, we're going to continue to launch plants. So I think that what you  instead of what I  if you look at China and you separated it, what you'd see because we're adding capacity obviously is  because of launch costs, it's going to be a lower margin than other regions. But I think the right way to think about it is the plant economics are no different in China than anywhere else. And so we're getting good economics, but we also have the launch costs that are in. And they're going to be there for a while. But as we continue to add, as our capacity increases, it becomes a much smaller percentage of the overall cost structure. But launch costs in that business are fairly significant. It takes a while to launch those products. Some of the quirkiness of the China market as it relates to the testing required to go-to-market. And then of course, having a plant that's got open capacity also has some cost. But I would say that the plant economics, which is probably the most important thing, are really no different in China than anywhere else.
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: I think our EBIT margins of 19% for fiscal 2016 were pretty strong relative to what we expected. But I think if you look at the investments that we're making in Power Solutions in China over the next two years to three years, there will be a bit of drag on margins simply because of the launch costs that Alex referred to. But we'll actually be providing both 2017 and guidance through 2020 on Power Solutions margins on December 5.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Joshua Pokrzywinski from Buckingham Research Group. Your line is now open.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Just a follow-up on couple of the questions on your non-resi businesses, particularly in legacy JCI. Alex, I think there's been a lot of debate around where we're at in the non-resi cycle. Clearly, institutional verticals are a little later positioned than some of the other ones. But can you just talk about the lead time and the visibility and the  maybe the percentage of revenue that you have booked for 2017, just to give people some comfort about the level of visibility, kind of the long-cycle nature of that business as we stand here today?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, so the good news about our business is that it's late cycle and the bad news, it's late cycle. In this particular case it's good news, because as we build our backlog, typically our projects are more complex, larger in late cycle. So our position is probably  we're probably in a better  it was tougher for us to get to this point, but probably in a better position than we have been because if you look six months, nine months out, our business is fairly predictable just because of the nature of the type of projects that we have. And so if you look at the flow rates of our projects, on average you're talking 9 months to 12 months. And it's pretty easy for us to see six months to nine months out. And then we look at our forelog, which is our pipeline, we can pretty much look at the next quarter and see what we can expect. So I think that we feel, if you look at it from a FY 2017 perspective, I think we have pretty good visibility in North America.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Great. And then, just following-up on some of the stranded costs questions. I understand that JCOS productivity has been aimed to bring those down. I think it was $100 million a year that we should expect. Brian talked about $75 million of leftover stranded in the next year that, that comes out. Does that come out on a run rate basis or does it actually come out in $75 million lower. I'm not trying to put too fine a point on it, but it seems like this has been a source of confusion.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, I think the $300 million I referred to is $100 million over each of the next three years and we took out a little bit more than half of the $150 million in 2016 and the remaining piece is really part of the productivity $100 million that's embedded in the 2017 plan that we'll present December 5. So it's part of the productivity piece that's been out there given the fact we knew that we were going to be spinning Adient.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Probably the way to think about it is, because you take out $75 million last year, take out $75 million on stranded costs, whether it's an exit rate or ongoing rate, you probably at a zero-sum game here because you've got last year's costs benefiting this year, and this year's costs benefiting next year. So I think you can  I know that you  probably a little more detail and we'll give it to you, but I would think it's going to be fairly consistent with what we've seen over the last year.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Evelyn Chow - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning, guys. This is actually Evelyn Chow on behalf of Joe. Maybe just starting with Power for a minute. Your EBIT was very strong and represents a much higher-level of EBIT dollars than you've historically achieved in 4Q. Can you just help give us a sense of what were the headwinds and tailwinds you saw on the margin line? Maybe the lower lead prices, potentially as some mix shift from the better aftermarket and start-stop growth. A little color there would be helpful.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, a lot of time when we give you the numbers  I think when we gave you numbers, we were trying to make sure we take out the effect of lead. Lead is, right now, it's about where it was last year but it's been a round trip that's gone down and it's back up to about where it was a year ago at this time. So I think that that's probably not much of a change year-on-year if I think of it intuitively. One of the things that is obviously a tailwind, is the more AGM Start-Stop batteries we sell, the better. The second thing that's happened is that, we're seeing some really strong growth in the market in North America, particularly. I think what the people inside the business call is an echo of five years ago when the OE build started, we're starting to see the aftermarket from that grow and registrations pick up. So we're seeing some strength in North America which is good for us. We do well when we're able to run at capacity and then Start-Stop in China, and China aftermarket growth has been incredibly strong this year, which is something that we had always planned for, but we're just really pleased to see it happen.
Evelyn Chow - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Understood. And then maybe...
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Lots of tail  a lot of headwinds, not tailwinds.
Evelyn Chow - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Makes sense. And then maybe a similar question on the Building Efficiency side. I think you've called out some investments both this quarter and in prior quarters, too. I guess I just want to get a sense of what the puts and takes are on the margins and maybe a little bit more context around the year-over-year decline that you saw in the business on the margin line.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: So as Brian talked about the specific margins for the quarter, but to give you overall what's happening. First off, we knew that Hitachi was going to be a drag on our overall margins in general because of the lower margin business. However, Hitachi is doing better than we expected, but it's still dilutive. So that's one of the things that's kind of fighting us on a year-on-year basis. Brian can give you some more specific color, but the investments that we've been making, two specific investments, some in our product ranges, you know, there's been refrigerant changes, plus, as many of you may know, over the last few years, we've had to catch up on some investments in our UPG business, light commercial and residential. We're seeing the benefit from those investments now. And then we've made significant investments in just sales head count over the last year. So those are the three buckets of investments. Brian, you might want to give a little bit of color on the margins.
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, I mean, the margins for the year at Building Efficiency were 9.2%, and that's a 10 basis point improvement. But I think what you're referring to is it was pretty choppy quarter-to-quarter. I think in the first quarter for Building Efficiency, we had a 50 basis point improvement. Second quarter, we were down 50 basis points. Third quarter, we were up 90 basis points, and fourth quarter here that you're referring to is the 80 basis point decline. So it's been choppy. And a lot of that has to do with the timing of when we're making some of these product and sales force investments and also the timing of some new product launches. And in particular, in the fourth quarter, there was some new product launches that impacted the basis points reduction in the quarter. So I think to step back and look at it, I think you really should look at it on a full-year basis and say we improved 10 basis points versus what we thought going into the year. We thought our margins were going to be in the 8.1% to 8.3% range, so I think the folks at BE are actually pretty happy with where they ended up margin-wise.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah. And what I would say is we did that and we didn't jeopardize any of our investments. We made the investments we needed to so to not only help us with the growth that we're seeing now, but allow us to position ourselves well for the future. And so I think being able to get those margins and maintain our investments and our product investments, I feel good about.
Evelyn Chow - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks, guys. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan from UBS. Your line is now open.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: In terms of cash flow, I mean, you're going to have the elevated CapEx continuing in Power. It seems like a lot of the opportunity cash conversion-wise has to come out of Building Efficiency. Can you talk about where that stands, and as you've looked at the initial integration plans, et cetera, just frame a little bit the opportunity you see for that piece of the business cash-wise?
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: So, I think if you look at free cash flow adjusted for next year, and the reason I say adjusted is we've got some really choppy tax impacts that will hit us from a free cash flow standpoint in fiscal 2017. But as I step back and look at Building Efficiency, I think the opportunities for improvement are probably in the  geographically in certain pockets in the accounts receivable area. I do think there might be some opportunities in Power Solutions in the inventory area, and I think on a combined basis, as we look at Tyco and JCI together and kind of put together the JCOS operating system embedded across the organization, I think there's going to be some working capital opportunities there as well for legacy JCO (57:48) and Tyco combined. So I mean, I guess when we look at fiscal 2017, it's going to be choppy, but on an adjusted basis, I think we're going to probably be in 75% to 85%.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then in terms of the treatment of restructuring and special charges, I mean, there's obviously some things to be called out, but is there also sort of a pay-as-you-go restructuring or repositioning element that you are going to include? Could you just maybe clarify what's going to be in and what's going to be out of the numbers?
Brian J. Stief - Johnson Controls International Plc: I think the adjustments that we've historically made have been the tax payments, and we've had separation costs included in the adjustments, and then any other significant one-time charges. I mean, we're going to put only items that are kind of viewed by us to be material on a quarterly basis in that adjusted free cash flow number.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah. And just to clarify on the historical Tyco side, because Shannon, I think you're referring to how we typically grouped restructuring and the repositioning all into one line item. So what's reflected in the pro formas is the restructuring dollars or charges are out, but those repositioning charges that Tyco took in 2016 are part of the $2.31 pro forma.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Operator, I think we have time for maybe one more quick question.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question is from the line of Robert Barry from Susquehanna. Your line is now open.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for fitting me in.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Just wanted to actually follow-up on a couple of things. One is on the government vertical within North American non-resi, I know that last year in the quarter that was a pretty significant pressure. Did that snap back? Or what are you seeing in government?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Still under pressure. So if you looked across the institutional, that would be the one place, healthcare is reasonably flattish, and the government business is down, continue still down under pressure. Everything else is really strong, but we're still seeing pressure there. I don't think that is anything that's unusual to us. I think what we're seeing right now is  maybe it has to do with the environment we are in, hopefully things will free up here after today.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got you. And then you talked about strength in Hitachi. I think half of that is residential air-conditioning in Japan. Is that what's doing well? Or what's growing there so well?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, I wouldn't say it's across the board, but it's in a lot of places. The Residential is doing much better than we expected. But what we are seeing is it's really quite impressive. Maybe George can even comment. He had a chance to see some of the integration activities, but on the cost side across the board we're seeing an awful lot of benefit that we've been able to bring through our integration and synergy activities. There's been some pricing actions and some channel restructuring as it relates to Residential business. There's been some new product introductions. The China business with our partner at Hisense is doing really well, and Taiwan is doing fantastic. So I would say it's not everywhere, but it's more places than not we are seeing improvement, both on the cost and on the sales side. There is still opportunity, but it's been pretty impressive.
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah, just a quick comment on that. I had the chance to join the team at the one-year anniversary and was very impressed with the work that's been done from an integration standpoint, deploying the JCOS across all of their business processes. As you talked about, how do we now leverage that platform in many other markets that are very attractive markets that we don't ultimately served today. And the team has got plans, detailed plans and how we take that product and truly capitalize on the growth opportunity that we see in any other markets beyond Japan. So I would tell you my first view there and I was very impressed with the team, very impressed with the performance in the first year. And truly, it's going to be a strategic platform for the future for the company.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Johnson Controls International Plc: Yeah. Been a great partner too. (1:02:06)
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got you. I think originally that was targeted as like a 4% to 5% Op margin, and it sounds like it's tracking well ahead of that?
George R. Oliver - Johnson Controls International Plc: Well ahead of that. It was a great investment for us, it was even better investment for Hitachi.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Great. Thank you.
Antonella Franzen - Johnson Controls International Plc: Operator, that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining and you may now all disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-07-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn Campbell - Director-Global Investor Relations Alex Molinaroli - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Brian Stief - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Robert Bruce McDonald - Incoming Adient Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Joshua Pokrzywinski - Buckingham Research Group Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group  Noah Kaye - Oppenheimer & Co.  Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities  Emmanuel Rosner - CLSA Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley
Presentation:
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question and answer session starts. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections you may now disconnect. I would now like to turn the call over to your host Kathie Campbell. Ma'am, you may begin
Kathryn Campbell : Thank you, Dale, and welcome to the review of John Controls Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. If you didn't already receive it, the slide presentation can be accessed at our Investor page at johnsoncontrols.com. This morning, President, Chairman and CEO, Alex Molinaroli will provide some perspective on the quarter, as well as some progress updates on our merger with Tyco. He will be followed by Bruce McDonald, incoming Adient Chairman and CEO, to provide some updates on the Adient spin-off. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief, will then review the results of the individual businesses, as well as the Company's overall financial performance.  Following those prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions, and we are scheduled to end at the top of the hour. Before we begin, just want to remind you that today's comments will include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause the actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause results to differ are discussed in the cautionary statement included in today's news release and the presentation document. We also remind you to review the extended disclosures related to the proposed transaction with Tyco, which can also be found in the earnings documents today. With that, I will turn it over to Alex.
Alex Molinaroli : Thanks, Kathie. Good morning, everyone. So, I'd like to get started before we jump into the slides, just as a reminder and Ive done this the last couple quarters to remind everyone what we talked about back in December as we made commitments to ourselves and to our shareholders and to the folks that were at our December Analyst Meeting and talk about the few things that are guiding light here as it relates to being able to achieve our objectives.  First that is around execution delivering both on our strategic and our financial commitments; second one is our transformation activities to make sure that we are able to complete successfully our portfolio actions. Recall the time when we had made those statements then we were talking mostly about the spin we werent really including the Tyco transaction.  Maintaining a strong balance sheet for the future in order to be have flexibility for our growth investments and then continue our drive toward being coming out real benchmark for operational excellence and I just like to make a comment, I believe that our Johnson Controls operating system continues to deliver tangible results and I think we just had more to come. So I am very pleased about that and then position ourselves with business platforms and you can think about the sectors that we participate in and operating models to be able to drive sustainable organic growth.  All these with an eye, whats important to us is to increase shareholder value. I am really proud to say that weve stayed focused. Weve been able to execute inline with the strategy and objectives that we talked about in December.  With that, Id like to jump into the slides, just move to the Slide 7 please. On Slide 7, we have some highlights here I just like to report on. First our Q3 was a great quarter and excellent with the continued execution. Just for the Hitachi joint venture and currently in our lead cost pass-through our organic sales were 4% in Building Efficiency and 5% in Power Solutions.  Building Efficiency growth was driven by both North America where we saw 3% growth and Asia at 9% and we are seeing some strength in China which is really encouraging. Power Solutions our unit growth across all of our regions, weve had growth in all regions, whats particularly we are seeing strong growth in Asia, across at Asia 12% and our start-stop growth which is the future of our business over the next five years grew 22% driven by the Americas and China at 78% and 79% respectively.  We have continued trend of our segment year-over-year profitability improvement with segment margins in all business units up 170 basis points across the board. Our adjusted EPS up 18% at $1.07 which is above our guidance for the quarter and with the strong operating performance weve tightened our guidance to the higher end of our previous range. Brian will get into that later as it relates to our full year guidance. We continue to invest in our future. During the quarter, we announced our joint venture with Bohai Piston Group which is an affiliate of BAIC in China to build our fourth plant. This strategic partnership is pretty important to us because it gives us access from an OE perspective to 5 million vehicles by 2020 and it also gives us access to distribution channel in 2400 outlets of OES shops in order to sell batteries to the aftermarket.  With this local partner its going to help us continue with our objectives to gain share in the region. Weve also announced that we are doubling our AGM expansion in North America by 2020 and while increasing our capacity up to 11 million units and we are taking advantage of the growing demand for start-stop. And I mentioned this earlier what we see is this technology is becoming more and more ubiquitous and vehicles as they come out and for our customers to meet the increasing regulatory targets.  Our Hitachi joint venture continues to exceed our expectations and Id just give you a little bit of color on, if you look across the regions we are seeing strong performance in China, Japan and Taiwan and we are starting to see some opportunities in North America as weve made significant investments in both product and sales.  In order to drive profitability within the Hitachi joint venture and across the board our pricing, weve brought pricing discipline along with cost reductions and across our operating system functions, manufacturing, procurement, and design.  We also completed in the quarter, our $500 million stock repurchase that we announced last quarter. So weve completed that and we are at share count that we talked about in the previous call. We continue to make great progress on our portfolio transportation  transformation activities. In fact, we are in a position now that we can talk about our merger date with Tyco moving to September 2nd and we continue to be on track for Adient spin date on October 31 as we previously communicated. Both Bruce and myself will talk about both of these transformation activities in further slides.  If you go to Slide 8, financial highlights and we had a lot of moving pieces as we all know, if you look at the top-line and kind of break that down, you take the Interiors joint venture, where we deconsolidated the revenues for that and then you add back the Johnson Controls Hitachi revenues, you adjust for these two events and currency, our overall organic growth was 1% for the quarter.  I noted previously that we saw strong growth in Building Efficiency and Power Solutions at 4%, 5% respectively. Overall, Automotive Experience is down 1%, Seating grew 1% and there is some remaining plants, if you recall in our discussions around our Interior joint venture, we maintained some of the plants in Interiors and as we wind those plants down as where we are seeing the decline in sales, not in our Seating businesses. Segment income was up 19% excluding FX with margins at 170 basis points. Our adjusted diluted EPS up 18% and its a second quarter in a row. Building Efficiency segment income continues to benefit from the contribution of Johnson Controls Hitachi, both higher volumes and cost improvements, that is being offset by some of the product and sales force investments we are making outside the joint venture.  Auto had another exceptional profitability quarter driven by the performance of the Seating business. It was partially offset by lower than expected results from Interiors.  Power Solutions continues to drive segment margin expansion with higher volumes both through manufacturing and pricing disciplines.  Lets move to Slide 9, Ill give you an update on where we are with our merger with Tyco. Weve made a lot of progress in the quarter as we combined Tyco and JCI teams continue to work extremely well together. In the quarter, weve announced our combined leadership team. Tyco has received an effective S-4 in our perspective its clear and weve set both shareholder meetings for August 17. The shareholders of record of June 27 should have received all the proxy materials in order to vote for the merger. Weve received all of our antitrust clearances. So the shareholder vote is one of the last hurdles necessary to close. And based on that, we are expecting to accelerate the closing date to September 2. So we feel good about the progress we are making around synergies.  And Id just like to reiterate the commitment that George Oliver and myself made during the quarter at the EPG Conference where we talked about $1 billion in runrate savings coming from the combination of the ongoing productivity and improvements at both Tyco and Johnson Controls along with the synergy cost reductions we remain committed and are optimistic that well achieve those.  And finally I am lucky to say the date, we are going to have our first as a new company Analyst Day will be at the Mandarin Oriental in New York City on December 5 and if you could save that date itd be great because its going to be an opportunity for us to talk about both strategically and financially on what the merged company would look like and what the expectations you should have and its a main important event for us as we start our new journey as a combined company.  With that Id like to turn it over to Bruce and he will update both around the Adient progress and the separation activities. 
Robert Bruce McDonald: Okay, thank you, Alex and good morning to everyone on the call today. I am real pleased to talk about where we stand in terms of the Adient separation, like the activity is ongoing with the merger with Tyco. We on the automotive side have had an extremely busy quarter as well.  For us, July 1 was a huge milestone. Its the internal date that we said we were going to have effectively our separation largely completed. So we call that operational day one. So with that, we changed over the bulk of our IT systems, clone what we had to clone.  Weve got new treasury systems in place. Good progress on the corporate organization structure. So for all intents and purposes, we are operating independently within Johnson Controls, weve got a four months kind of running in parallel health until we get to our true separation which will be at the end of the October.  In terms of the tracking of the cost of the separation, Brian had given an estimate of cost being in the $400 million to $600 million range. We are tracking well within those estimates. Those costs will quickly drop-off here in the fourth quarter and I think there is a little bit that hangs into the month of October.  But that separation costs are on a pretty down  a pretty steep downward trajectory here as weve done most of the activities. In terms of our Form 10, which we filed  which we filed during the quarter, the second version, it had our pro forma financial results in there and our 2-B balance sheet, in there we disclosed that well have $3.5 billion of gross debt.  Well retain $500 million and pay $3 billion dividend back to Johnson Controls just before the spin-off. In terms of our financing, great progress here. We are nearly, probably early next week well wrap up the first part of our financing plan which involves us putting in place $1.5 billion revolver which will be for working capital purposes and give us some cushion.  And $1.5 billion of term loan A. Those  that we are just wrapping up the commitments from our lenders and we expect to close that out early next week and make an announcement. Then well shift into our bond programs. During the first two weeks of August, we will be marketing our bonds we expect to issue $2 billion of 8 to 10 year bonds here and close that transaction into escrow here in mid-August.  In terms of our credit rating, I think weve published that weve received the double B Plus rating from S&P was consistent with our expectation at sort of one notch below investment grade and I really think it speaks to the underlying strength of our business and this bright future that we have. Moodys will publish a rating on us probably here within the next two weeks.  In terms of the next version of the Form 10, that will be filed late next week. In there, I guess the most noteworthy thing is weve decided in there to change our domicile from the UK to Ireland.  That reflects really as we sort of working through the complexities of the separation with the new Johnson Controls entity being domiciled in Ireland, it was just more tax-efficient and less complex transaction structured for Adient to be Irish domiciles and so we made that change and you will see that reflect in the next version of the Form 10.  I think the main issue from a financial perspective with that is it really doesnt have any impact on our numbers and with the Irish domicile we are still confident that our tax rate will be in the 10% to 12% range as weve previously communicated.  Lastly here, I would just comment as save the date, we expect to have our first Adient Analyst Meeting here in September 15, so prior to the spin-off we will be doing a number of shareholder outreach and one-on-one things from mid-September through our spin-off date, but sort of kicking that off will be an Analyst Meeting that we scheduled here for the morning of September 15 in New York. Teams are excited, working hard and really looking forward to legal day one.  Maybe just transitioning into Slide 11 here, maybe just comment on our investment thesis and why the team is so excited before I turn things over to Brian. So first of all, I just point out our market position, I mean, clearly, we are the market leader in many, many sense of the word, if you look at our market share we are globally number one.  It was 50% bigger than our next close competitor. Our product line up, weve got a very diverse product line up from a vertical integration point of view were the most vertically integrated. So extremely well positioned in the industry.  Then I think really uniquely to us for Adient is our customer diversity that we have and I think its clear that we are the envy of the industry. If you look at our share, our market share and we are leaders in all three of the major regions and weve got great customer diversity with Japanese, with Chinese customers, our business really reflects the diversity of our  of the auto OE-based globally. So, we are not overly exposed to any one customer, any one region. We are the envy of the industry.  In terms of looking forward, obviously automotive here is on an upward trajectory in terms of our margins and profitability this year and we expect to see that to continue as we get into  as we become our own separate company.  Weve got a lot of self help initiatives, some operational efficiencies that we are going to implement and you can see here on the slide and weve talked about this before that we expect to deliver 200 basis points of margin expansion over the mid-term here.  Then lastly, coming out with $3 billion of net debt. We are not too worried about. We expect to have extremely strong free cash flow, I mean the automotive business is a strong free cash flow business.  We will be ticking up our capital expenditure here to invest in some growth initiatives as we go forward and pay a competitive dividend, but all in all, very strong stable source of cash flow that will enable us to both quickly delever, paying attractive returns to our shareholders and also invest in growth initiatives to get the top-line moving again for automotive.  And so with that, I thank you and Ill turn it back over to Brian to go through the business results.
Brian Stief : Okay, thanks Bruce and good morning everyone. As you saw in our press release, our Q3 reported results include transaction, integration and separation costs of about $167 million, a restructuring charge of $102 million and a non-recurring non-cash tax charge of $85 million, which resulted in a net charge of $0.48 per share in the current quarter. We've summarized those items in an appendix, but just given their size, Id like to just briefly comment on each of those. As far as the integration, separation and transaction costs, the majority of those costs in the quarter relate to the Adient separation, and as Bruce indicated we should be on the downside of those costs as we move through Q4 now and there will be some trailing cost into Q1 toward the separation date of October 31.  As far as the restructuring charge, there is some non-cash impairments included in that. Stranded cost reductions in connection with us moving toward the Adient spin date as well as some footprint changes at the Automotive business. And then lastly the tax charge again is non-cash and it relates really to some Adient spin-off tax funding thats been done in the quarter.  So as I talk through the business unit results and financials, Ill exclude these items from my comments and also consistent with Q1 and Q2, as you know we formed the Automotive Interiors JV in July 2015 and we closed on the Johnson Controls to Hitachi or JCH joint venture in October 2015 and those impact the comparability of the quarter-to-quarter results and Ill comment on those as I go through the slides.  So with that, turning to Slide 12, on Building Efficiency, third quarter sales of $3.6 billion were up 36% from the prior year. If you adjust for FX and JCH sales grew by a solid 4%. Revenues in Systems and Services North America were up 3% as we saw good growth in the North American branches and in Products North America residential business drove year-over-year growth of 20% and Asia was up 9% ex Hitachi.  In our rest of world segment, it was level with Q3 of 2015 with a few unpacks at Europe was up 5%, Latin America was up 3% and there was softness in the Middle East, it was down 10% and thats tied into oil prices.  As far as orders secured in the quarter, excluding M&A and FX we were up 5% for the third consecutive quarter and we saw share gains in Systems and Services North America and Products North America related to our residential business. Asia orders were also strong in the quarter up 6% and we ended the quarter with a backlog of $4.8 billion, which is up 2% year-on-year. As far as segment income of $397 million, it was up 48% ex FX, due primarily to the volumes in North America and Asia and the contribution of the Hitachi joint venture.  As I mentioned last quarter, its now difficult to isolate the Hitachi joint venture standalone results given all of the integration work thats going on and the investments that we are making in products and sales force that Alex referred to, but based upon some pro forma calculations weve done, we would estimate that wed be in mid single-digit segment income growth without Hitachi. And overall BE segment margins in the quarter were very strong at 10.9%, up 90 basis points.  So turning to Power Solutions in Slide 13, sales were up 3% compared to last year and 5% if you adjust for FX and the lead price. So lead price is today around 1700 versus last year at about 1950 and of course that impacts our top-line sales numbers.  In terms of units, we saw higher volumes across all regions with global third quarter shipments up 2%, again if you unpack that, Asia was up 12%, Europe was up 2% and the Americas were up 1%. We continue to see strong start-stop growth with year-on-year volumes up 22% from 3.3 million units last year to 4 million units this year.  All regions delivered higher year-on-year start-stop volumes with China at 79% and the Americas up 78% in growing markets and then in the mature markets, EMEA we are up 4%. We also saw Q3 global OE and aftermarket volumes increased 5% and 1% respectively.  So from a segment income standpoint, Power Solutions delivered $262 million, which is up 13% ex FX and that continues to reflect the higher volumes, some strong price discipline and the ongoing favorable products mix that we are seeing at power. Their margins were up 130 basis points year-over-year and remain well above our expectations year-to-date.  Moving to Automotive Experience, sales were down 19% compared to last year, but if you adjust for the deconsolidation of Interiors and FX, they were down 1% and we really saw strong global production in Asia and Europe that were offset by some expiring programs in North America.  If you look at our China non-consolidated joint ventures on a 100% sales basis, they were up 49% in the quarter to $2.9 billion, but again, if you adjust for the Interiors joint venture and FX, they are only up 11%, but still very favorable relative to industry production of 5% in the quarter.  Our Automotive team has been quoting significant new business and have secured wins of $4.3 billion year-to-date which already exceeds the fiscal 2015 full year total of $3.6 billion and they are well on their way to a record year of new business secured at Automotive.  For the quarter, segment income of $344 was up 1% year-over-year as we continue to see the benefits of cost reduction and restructuring initiatives and overall Seating results were very strong however as Alex mentioned, we did see some softness in the Interiors business related to the retained plants that we have at Johnson Controls that were not contributed to the joint venture. China translation and some launch cost that were beginning to incur on new business.  So total auto margins of 7.9% was very strong in the quarter, up 160 basis points year-on-year and up 20 basis points if you adjust for the Interiors deconsolidation.  Moving to Slide 15 in the consolidated results for the quarter, overall third quarter revenues were down 1% to $9.5 billion, but if you adjust for Interiors FX and the Hitachi joint venture, sales were up 1% as Alex mentioned. Gross margin for the quarter of 19.8% was up 200 basis points and this just continues to reflect the benefits we are seeing from the favorable impacts of Johnson Controls operating system initiatives and our improved product mix.  SG&A was up 7%, this increase is really a function of the consolidation of Hitachi joint venture as well as product and sales force investments in BE and this is offset by the deconsolidation of Interiors and our ongoing cost initiatives and I will just comment here as I think the overall focus that we have on G&A cost remains strong as we really right size our cost structure as we move toward the Adient spin-off in October. As expected, equity income of $134 million was 40% higher than year ago levels, again that was due to about $19 million in the joint venture related to Interiors and certain joint ventures of JCH contributed another $30 million. So overall, third quarter segment margins of 10.5% were a 170 basis points better than 2015 and this is well ahead of the 70 basis point expectations that we had for the year.  Turning to Slide 16, net financing charges of $69 million was slightly lower than last year and thats due primarily to the favorable interest rate environment we have today and consistent with the last quarter our tax rate remains at 17% which is favorable compared to our Q3 of fiscal 2015 which was at 18.5%.  Income attributable to non-controlling interest is up $49 million compared to last year and thats primarily due to JCH and overall, we had a strong third quarter up 18% from $0.91 a year ago to $1.07 this year.  And I just comment, I give tremendous credit to our business unit management teams as they continue deliver these outstanding results during a period when a lot of these portfolio transformation activities could be a potential transaction for our global teams. So, they are doing a great job.  Turning to the balance sheet on Page 17 at quarter end, we have a net debt-to-cap ratio of 44% compared to the third quarter of last year which was at 40.7% and 40% at the end of last quarter. That increase really is a function of the share repurchase and some of the separation cost that were funded in the third quarter.  If I turn to cash flow, our third quarter adjusted cash flow of $400 million was inline with our expectations. We have included an appendix in the deck which provides a reconciliation of our reported to adjusted free cash flow and to similar to the format we presented at our Analyst Day in December.  And as you can see in the third quarter, we had transaction cost, separation cost in tax payments that totaled about $600 million. We do expect to be inline with the $1.5 billion free cash flow guidance that we provided at the December Analyst Meeting.  If I turn to Slide 18, there are lot of moving pieces as we enter Q4 and I just like to comment on a couple of things before we get into Q&A here. As Alex noted, the expected merger date is now September 2, which will mean that we will pick up one month of Tyco results in our fiscal 2016 consolidated financial statements including the purchase accounting adjustments.  Additionally, the consolidated balance sheet at the end of our fiscal year will include Tycos historical debt of about $2 billion plus the new debt raise of around $4 billion that will be completed in connection with the transaction. And on our year-end earnings call, we will provide you with some pro forma financial information to demonstrate Johnson Controls performance exclusive of Hitachi as we provide our upcoming guidance here.  Yesterday you may have seen we announced the fall order of our fourth quarter dividend of $0.29 to shareholders of record on August 5th and the payment date will be August 19th and we will continue to see the one-time or non-recurring items I guess, or special items related to transaction and separation cost in Q4, we will have likely another restructuring charge as we move closer towards the spin-off of Adient and the integration efforts associated with Tyco and we will have our normal Q4 mark-to-market adjustment related to our pension and OPEB plans.  One technical thing from an accounting standpoint, we are not able to show Adient as a discontinued operation until the date of the spin. So, our year end financial statements will continue to show Adient as a consolidated entity and it wont be until Q1 that we show that as a disc-op.  Turning to Slide 19 and our guidance and Id emphasize that the guidance that we are providing you excludes any impacts of the Tyco merger. Our Q4 earnings per share is expected to be in the range of 1.17 to 1.20 which is up 13% to 15% from Q4 last year and it does reflect the tightening of our full year guidance to 3.95 to 3.98 which will be up 15% to 16% from fiscal 2015.  And I would just say with our fourth quarter guidance reflects the positive momentum we have going into Q4, but it is somewhat tampered by uncertainty around potential currency and volume headwinds that could exist in our Automotive business as we move through the fourth quarter.  So with that, Kathy we can turn it over for questions.
Kathryn Campbell: Dale, we will now begin our Q&A. If you could please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up and then get back in the queue will be much appreciated. Dale?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] We have one from Joshua of Buckingham Research. Your line is now open.
Joshua Pokrzywinski : Hi, good morning folks. 
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski : Just a quick question on BE margins, I guess, could you break down maybe some of the headwinds, tailwinds or are you moving pieces around price cost and then I know you had some investment spending last year, how did that look on a year-over-year basis? And then, maybe Brian just go through where we are at versus that $100 million of cost savings you expect it to get this year whether running ahead of that at this point or if thats all part of the performance in the quarter?
Alex Molinaroli: I wont put the numbers to it, Brian can do that, and then kind of give you a overview. As weve quickly integrated the Hitachi business its becoming more and more difficult for us to be able to tease out the margins inside Hitachi and outside Hitachi not because we dont have the results, but because we are making investments outside of Hitachi around on Products North America. So what you see was when you get into the Products North America, in particular you are going to see some margin pressure and youll also see a little bit of margin pressure although because of the volumes been overcoming in SS&A where we are hiring sales people. And then we also have some products that we are building for our EPG business which had an excellent quarter, this quarter. We are making investments in new product development there. So those are the three, I guess, those are the three major headwinds we have as it relates to cost. All of them are investments and future products and a lot of that is real self help from the standpoint that weve been able to lower G&A and reinvest it in the business in both products and sales people. I think, Brian could give you maybe some of the details around that.
Brian Stief: Yes, Joshua, I think on the $100 million number, of course that was the number that we showed at the Analyst Day and that was the gross save from our JCOS initiatives and then the net save was the 100 you referred. That of course is across all three of our businesses, but BE certainly is benefiting by that and I think some of that is reflected in certainly the margin improvement we are seeing at BE. But that $100 million would be across all three of our businesses and I would say we are pretty much on target with what we expected there. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski : Perfect, and then, I guess just a follow-up, on the Tyco close moving forward, certainly good news there. Any expectation that we would update the synergy target or maybe some more crystallization or timing around that. At close, are you guys going to wait until you report the fourth quarter? 
Alex Molinaroli: So we will wait till December, yes, because I think that we want to make sure that as we get into post-close activities that we validate a lot of the things that we are working on now. Weve done an awful lot of planning, but I think as we put together our plans, as you remember we not only have synergy cost that we talk about as it relates to the deal itself, but also cost reduction initiatives with both companies, because we are still two separate companies, we dont have the level of details that we need to talk about it now, but when we come out December, I think well be able to have the level of details that becomes ourselves accountable and that you folks will be able to have some transparency too.
Joshua Pokrzywinski : Perfect, appreciate it guys.
Operator : Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Barry of Susquehanna. Your line is now open.
Robert Barry: Yes, hey everyone. Good morning. 
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning. 
Robert Barry: So, I think there were some concerns in the quarter perhaps about non-res flowing a little bit perhaps due to the Dodge Momentum Index slowing though it rebounded a lot in June. It looks like your orders in BE showed good growth, but steady versus last quarter even though the comp got a little easier. So just curious how youd characterize the momentum there and anything since last update, any verticals in particular got better worse?
Alex Molinaroli: So, across the board, we are seeing strong, but if you try to tease out underneath the overall North America what you trying is both in our HVAC business and our Controls business, we are not only seeing growth in the market but we are also gaining share. Where we having a tough comp is in our performance contracting business and our federal government business, those businesses are under some pressure and so, what, if you get underneath you will find the institutional markets in our core business, HVAC controls and ironically fire and security are growing extremely fast and then if you look at our performance contracting business, particularly the federal government business, we are seeing some slowdown there. And I think that is probably something that we are going to live with for a while. We're seeing a diversion of funds away from the type of activities we have. So there is just less opportunity there and in the Performance Contracting business particularly federal government. But I see strong momentum in the core of our business. 
Robert Barry: Gotcha and then maybe I did actually want a follow-up on the comments about the residential business, just because I think its struggled a little for a while, it sounds like the momentum there is actually really good. So can you give us a little more color on how it performed and it sounds like it inflected and why that might be the case?
Alex Molinaroli: Well, its a question, because weve been on suppression, I mean, I think the comps are better, but weve also had a lot of new products out in the marketplace. So we are seeing mid-teens growth in the quarter. So we had some strong growth. Weve had some specific wins. Weve also added some distribution throughout the region. So, we are pretty pleased with some of the growth that we are seeing because we havent as we noted over a period of time, but mid-teens.
Robert Barry: Is that revenue or orders?
Alex Molinaroli: Revenue.
Brian Stief: Revenue.
Robert Barry: And the distribution you added, was that, I know you had some shortfalls or coverage weakness in Florida, in Texas because that were at
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, we lost  as you recall, we lost some distribution and in Florida we put some back and weve also got some distribution across multiple regions, but in Florida specifically we have added back some distribution. 
Kathryn Campbell: And Rob, revenue and orders are both up mid-teens.
Robert Barry: Well, great. Even though maybe the weather wasnt super helpful. So, thats good.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, thats great. 
Robert Barry: Thank you.
Operator : Thank you. Our next question comes from Noah Kaye of Oppenheimer & Company. Your line is now open.
Noah Kaye : Thank you. Good morning. Maybe just a follow-up since day with BE, so we do obviously have a little bit ongoing non-res tailwinds, you had mentioned a lot of new products in the marketplace, I was just sort of wondering particularly on VRF, what kind of traction youve been seeing there in North America? Youve spent some resources that kind of integrate this the strength we are seeing seems to be kind of in the mid-market which is really kind of the sweet spot there. So, how is that tracking and kind of how much room do you think it has to run?
Alex Molinaroli: Well, a long way to go. I think we have, we are starting to get products out. Weve had some product gaps as part of the investment we are having to make because the products that were built by Hitachi were really not to serve the North American markets. So we are getting to where we have a full set of products. Our quoting activity is up quite a bit, but Ill tell you we still got a long ways to go and I think we will have the right product positioning and we are starting to see distribution sign up, but I would say that we are seeing most of that growth is, right now outside of North America. 
Noah Kaye : Okay, thank you. And then just a quick clarifying question on Adient. The tax rate, it looks unchanged from previous expectations, but you did mention that you thought there might be some tax benefit moving from  moving to Ireland, certainly its got a lower statutory corporate tax rate than the UK. So, can you just kind of clarify that for us a little bit. Is there a benefit, how should we think about that? Thanks.
Robert Bruce McDonald: This is Bruce here, maybe Ill just make a few comments and Brian, you may want to add in, but we disclosed that we would have a rate of around 10% to 12% previously when we thought we are going to be domiciled in the UK and with the change to Ireland, there is no difference and the reason why we dont have a reduction is because we really dont have any Irish income. We dont have any plants or anything like that in Ireland. So it wasnt a positive from a rate perspective for us. 
Noah Kaye : Okay, thats very helpful. Thank you. 
Kathryn Campbell: Thanks, Noah.
Operator : Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Kwas of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. 
Richard Kwas: Hi, good morning everyone.
Alex Molinaroli: Hi, Rich.
Kathryn Campbell: Good morning, Rich.
Richard Kwas: Just wanted to ask Alex on Brexit here. I know its kind of early days still, but are you seeing any impact on quoting activity, particularly as it relates to BE?
Alex Molinaroli: You know what, well first off when we put in context, our revenues in the UK are pretty small, I think its 3%. So we started from a small place. We do have reports that not necessarily quoting activities, but things are just a little slow right now, because people are  some products that are into queue have slowed down, probably people are just trying to figure out where things are. So I think that people are at kind of the wait and see mode, so we do see some indications of slowdown, but I dont know that wed be the bellwether for the UK.
Richard Kwas: And then how about broader Europe? Anything where there is any early signs of any contagion or? 
Alex Molinaroli: No we dont see it across Europe. We do see a little bit in the UK. In fact you look at our European business, its not doing badly, its actually seeing some growth, because we have developed in the rest of the world where we see some deterioration its actually in the Middle East where we are more petroleum energy dependent.
Richard Kwas: Okay, and then on North America, on the product number, which I think is new, I hadnt seen that disclosed previously in terms of your orders. So that was up eight, so that suggests there is pretty good activity on the institutional side. Is that a fair assessment of what you are seeing right now based on that number?
Alex Molinaroli: Well, the way I would think about it when our products business is probably more skewed towards the light commercial, and our branches are more skewed to institutional, because of the channel, I am sorry.
Richard Kwas: Okay, all right and then, so just, and then lastly on to the clarification on the mid-teens number for residential, is that residential and light commercial combined or just residential in terms of the orders of the revenues? 
Alex Molinaroli: Thats both, thats combined. 
Richard Kwas: Okay, combined.
Alex Molinaroli: Thats the old EPG.
Richard Kwas: Right, okay, thanks.
Kathryn Campbell: Thanks, Rich. 
Alex Molinaroli: Operator? 
Kathryn Campbell: Dale, you are still there?
Operator : Yes, can you hear me now?
Kathryn Campbell: Yes, is there another question?
Operator : I do apologize. Our next question comes from Emmanuel Rosner from CLSA. Your line is now open. 
Emmanuel Rosner: Hi good morning everybody.
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning.
Kathryn Campbell: Good morning Emmanuel.
Emmanuel Rosner: Just a couple of questions on the auto side. First on the margin performance in the quarter. You mentioned a few factors that sort of like may have sort of been keeping a lid on margin expansion there. Can you please just go back over, some of these factors were whats happening in Seating and Interiors? And then how should we think about that the margin expansion enough for the near future and in particular in the context of your ability to expend that by couple hundred basis points?
Alex Molinaroli: Maybe share buyback.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Maybe, Ill talk to what I think is going to drive the improvement in the future and then maybe Brian can just read, he went through a number of things, so maybe he can touch on those. But, from a go forward perspective, what we are seeing, we are looking for a couple hundred basis points of margin expansion. It really falls into a few big buckets. First of all, is us have any  Id say a leaner corporate SG&A structure then we have as part of Johnson Controls it would be a single industry company and we  that will and smaller and I think that will offer us some attrition. So these I think as we look at the cost associated with standing up the company to be a public entity thats a big driver. Secondly is, we are on an upward trajectory in terms of our business performance right now, really and things there you would sort of see is some improvement on metals business on a go forward basis, thats probably the single biggest bucket there and then, I guess the other thing I would point to from a margin expansion would be the growth of our equity income which flows through as our Chinese businesses grow. So those are the three main areas Emmanuel where the 200 basis points come from.
Brian Stief: And I think if you look at the segment income in the quarter, seating results were very strong and I think it continues to reflect some of the cost initiatives as well as some of the JCOS benefits that they are seeing is, it was really offset in the quarter by softness in Interiors and those would really come in three areas. As you may know in connection with the formation of the Interiors joint venture a year ago, certain plants, the unprofitable plants were retained by Johnson Controls and were essentially winding those down as we move through about mid fiscal 2017 and so those losses have been a bit heavier than we expected, that would be one. The second item which is kind of a good news, thanks the new business thats being won by the Chinese joint venture is significant and they are incurring some front-end launch cost associated with that business. So, again that was a bit of a way down in the quarter on their results. And then lastly just the currency in China has given us some headwinds as well. So, those will be the three big buckets I guess that would explain the Interiors. 
Emmanuel Rosner: Great, thats and just a real quick follow-up on the business wins in the autos business, obviously a very strong acceleration there. Can you provide any color either by product like Seating versus Interiors or geographically where you sort of like seeing the most traction with the new Adient proposition? 
Robert Bruce McDonald: Yes, well, first of all, that the number that we quoted, just Seating. So, when we are talking about new business wins on a year-to-date basis, just the Seating side, okay. And then, if I was  weve historically, if you sort of go over last couple years most of our new business has been in China and that continues to be the case, so, well I would say our backlog is building on the consolidated side of our business in North America and Europe. So, I think in the last couple of years and we talked through our backlog its almost all the growth has been in non-consolidated operations, what you sort of see when we probably touched on this a bit more in our Analyst Day here in September, youll see, we do have some consolidated new business opportunities that are coming through. So thats good because it will help us turn our top-line performance around here. 
Emmanuel Rosner: Great, thank you so much.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Thanks, Emmanuel. 
Kathryn Campbell: Thank you.
Operator : Thank you. Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. 
Julian Mitchell : Hi, thank you. 
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning.
Kathryn Campbell: Good morning. 
Julian Mitchell : Good morning. Just on Power Solutions, the aftermarket shipment growth was lower in the quarter that weve seen for a while. Just wondered if there was any background you could give on that and if you see that picking off now in the fourth fiscal quarter?
Brian Stief: Yes, so, I sort of take that, I think that, its really a function of the market itself, I mean, as you know, its a very mature market and with our size, our size in North America and the Western Europe is one where its very hard for the growth we have in China at this point to move the needle. So thats one of the reasons why that the growth would not be at some of the same rate, particularly you see is around the technology changes. We had a lot finished here. Weve maintained our customers and the mature markets and we are gaining share in China. I think if you look at the fourth quarter, weve got, we are going to see some growth in the fourth quarter. What we dont know is, how it will compare to last year, because what we need to make sure is our customers are starting to stock up for the winter to make sure that we are able to  they are able to serve their customers. So the market itself is one that we were kind of reporting because we are such a big part of the market, we are really reporting the market growth. 
Julian Mitchell : Thanks and then, just my second question is if the free cash flow guidance is still around sort of $1.5 billion for the year, and a quick follow-up would be any color at all you can give on expected sort of Tyco financial impact in the fourth quarter?
Brian Stief: I am sorry, the Tyco financial impact in the month of September?
Julian Mitchell : Correct. Maybe you cant talk until the actual earnings, but if there was any context you could give and then on the free cash flow guide, is that still $1.5 billion? 
Brian Stief: Yes, I mean, the $1.5 billion is still our plan. I guess, if you take where we are free cash flow-wise through three quarters that we provided in the appendix we may be short a bit of free cash flow Q4 this year versus Q4 last year and that would really be related to three items. There is a couple $100 million of additional CapEx in Q4 this year versus Q4 last year. In addition, there was a dividend that we received in the third quarter of this year from a Chinese joint venture partner in the Auto business that last year was received in the fourth quarter and then there is probably about $50 million to $100 million more in cash restructuring cost that we are going to have in our fourth fiscal quarter this year. So thats  that probably is $300 million to $400 million less than last years Q4 number, but with that, we still end up being on or above that $1.5 billion number that we guided to in December. So we still feel pretty comfortable with that. As far as Tycos impact, I really dont have visibility to that right now and well certainly lay it out for you on the year end call. 
Julian Mitchell : Thank you. 
Kathryn Campbell: Thanks, Julian. 
Operator : Thank you. Our next question comes from Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open sir.
Nigel Coe : Thanks, good morning.
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning.
Kathryn Campbell: Good morning, Nigel. 
Nigel Coe : Hi, so just circling back on the aftermarket, the plus 1%, I am wondering did the cooler weather in both North America and Europe, do you think that has an influence or maybe dampened down the market a little bit?
Alex Molinaroli: Well, it always does, Nigel. I mean, there is two things that influenced the market, one is, we are at - what position our customers are in as it relates to their own inventory and then whatever is weather-related. So I could say thats probably the case, but if you look at the overall growth of the aftermarket in both the US and Western Europe, you are really talking about a 1% to 2% growth over a long period of time, thats  its kind of what you can expect. And so it can be a little choppy, but you are really going to be sticking around that 1% to 2%.
Nigel Coe : Okay, thats very fair. And then you called out China as an area of strength in Building Efficiency, probably not a huge surprise, but its obviously a big debate about durability of that strength. So I am just wondering if you can maybe add some context about what you are seeing in some of the quoting activity and the general health of that market.
Alex Molinaroli: So the quoting activity is strong. We are seeing  a year ago, I didnt want to say that we felt that we were pessimist about the market. We felt like that was the place to stay there over a period of time that would  it would sort of felt up and I wouldnt declare a victory today, but I would tell you that we are seeing quoting activity be strong, we are certainly getting an awful lot both on our VRF sales not only in the joint venture, but outside of the joint venture and then we are seeing some fairly significant size orders in the core of our large tonnage business. We are also making investments in tier-3 and tier-4 cities where we are getting  we are gaining share and moving into markets that we have previously served us well. So I think the market seem, how durable it is, but it seems less choppy than it was and I think our folks feel more optimistic each and every quarter, weve had a couple of quarters here where we could feel like things are getting stronger. 
Nigel Coe : Great and then a quick one for Brian. On Slide 18, you call out pension OPEB mark-to-market.
Brian Stief: Yes.
Nigel Coe : I dont know if I missed the comments in the prepared remarks, but what does that relate to?
Brian Stief: What is it referring or what do you think? Are you asking
Nigel Coe : No, no, its a bullet point, so I am just wondering if anything to say about that.
Brian Stief: Well, we have adopted mark-to-mark accounting. So, in the fourth quarter of each year we will have either a charge or a benefit to record based upon investment experience, actual investment experience versus expected in our assumptions and then also there is a movement in interest rates that gets taken into consideration in the valuation of the obligation at each year end. So, as it relates to that adjustment, we are working through the magnitude of that right now, but with the rates being down, I think we are assuming there is going to be a mark-to-market charge. We dont have that framed yet as to size.
Nigel Coe : Okay, on the low discount rate, it doesnt cause any cash confusions next year?
Brian Stief: It does not.
Nigel Coe : Great, thank you very much.
Kathryn Campbell: Thanks, Nigel. Id like to turn it back over to Alex for some closing comments.
Alex Molinaroli: So, I just want to once again thank our employees for everything that have been accomplished. Brian touched on it. Its absolutely amazing to see whats been accomplished.  Probably the biggest accomplishment of this particular quarter, for me is to be able to see the Adient spin and we really are running as two separate companies inside Johnson Controls today and we are going to be well positioned and feel really comfortable that we are going to be in a place where in October of 31st that we are going to be confident that we will be able to turn this thing over officially.  And then as it relates to the quarter coming up the one that we are in, obviously weve got the anticipated merger with Tyco and the activities going on with Tyco and George Oliver and his team, I cant say anything, but good things about what Ive seen, the people at Tyco and the opportunity in front of us.  So I think that, I feel great about what weve been able to accomplish and I feel even better about the future. So I appreciate the questions and I am sure there might be some follow-ups. Thank you, operator. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-04-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn Campbell - Director-Global Investor Relations Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Robert Bruce McDonald - Vice Chairman & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Colin Michael Langan - UBS Securities LLC Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Mike Wood - Macquarie Securities Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs & Co. Noah Kaye - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Joseph R. Spak - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this point. I'll now turn the meeting over to Ms. Kathie Campbell. Ma'am, you may begin
Kathryn Campbell - Director-Global Investor Relations: Thank you, Jen, and welcome to the review of John Controls second quarter 2016 earnings call. If you didn't already receive it, the slide presentation can be accessed at our Investor page at johnsoncontrols.com. This morning, President, Chairman and CEO, Alex Molinaroli, will provide perspective on the quarter as well as some progress updates on our transformation. He'll be followed by Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief, who will review the results of the individual businesses as well as the company's overall financial performance. Following those prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions, and we are scheduled to end at the top of the hour. Before we begin, just want to remind you that today's comments will include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause the actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause results to differ are discussed in the cautionary statement included in today's news release and the presentation document. We also remind you to review the extended disclosures related to the proposed transaction with Tyco, which can also be found in the earnings document today. With that, I will turn it over to Alex.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Great. Thank you, Kathie. Good morning, everyone. So, I'm extremely pleased to talk to you today about our results and our outlook and our future. Before I get started, I'd just like to make a couple of comments. I was reflecting about our discussion at the Analyst Day in December, and I thought I might just spend a couple of minutes reviewing a few things with everyone. In December, we talked about opportunity, opportunity that was in front of Johnson Controls and what a bright future that we had. And at that meeting, we committed to a few things. One is execution, and that's both our strategic and financial execution and meeting our commitments. Transformation, of course, at the time, we were really talking about the Adient spinoff and the Hitachi integration. Of course, things have changed since then, but we continue to be committed to transforming our business. Making strategic acquisitions, those that made sense and where it makes sense in order to support our growth platforms. Continuing on our drive for operational excellence; we're seeing that in the maturation of our Johnson Controls operating system and we continue to see and realize tangible results. Building a growth platform, a platform that includes both building technologies and energy storage, and a focused separate automotive company with a shifted orientation toward growth. And increasing shareholders value; focused on our multi-industrial company vision to create value through improved cash flow, improved margins, and a sustained top line. I hope you're seeing this through our actions and that we're laser-focused in order to make this vision a reality. So, let's start on slide seven. For the second quarter, I'm really pleased to talk about what our team was able to accomplish. We're able to execute and make significant progress as we transform ourselves into two leading global companies. We saw organic growth across all of our businesses this quarter. In Systems and Services North America, we continued to see positive momentum with revenues up 9% in the quarter and strong orders secured of 7%. Our backlog is up 2%. If you recall, it was flat last quarter, and so we continue to add to our backlog. And our North American pipeline is up 8% driven by activity in healthcare, higher ed and public transportation. In North America, we're seeing strong year-over-year growth in most of our HVAC businesses and we continue to gain share with a focused account management and solutions based approach. We continue to make investments in our future. We're launching new products in direct expansion, we've made increased investments at our chillers through our screw products, and we have new investments in our Metasys control systems, in fact, we're launching a new launch here in June for our Metasys controls. For Power Solutions, our investments in our additional capacity in China is paying off in a really big way; record shipments for the quarter, up 60% versus prior year. We've more than doubled our aftermarket shipments and we've grown our original equipment shipments over 20%, and sales of AGM units in China are nearly twice what they were last year this quarter. Our operational execution demonstrates our ability to continue to deliver as we effect our transformation. Our segment margins are up 160 basis points, including the contributions from Johnson Controls-Hitachi and, along with some offsets, as we continue to invest in new products and salespeople to fuel our future growth. Our adjusted EPS is over 18% up over prior year. Feedback from our customers, as we move towards our Adient spin and our Tyco merger, is extremely positive. In May, we'll be at the EPG Conference. We'll have an opportunity to talk about some of the feedback that we're getting. So I'll leave those comments to then. But just suffice to say that our customers, both from an Automotive perspective and our customers in our Buildings business are pretty excited about the opportunity in front of us. Speaking of our Building Efficiency business, we've had some great wins in the quarter. We secured a 20-year contract, $68 million with Norfolk Navy Base in our energy solutions business. And we've also got a partnership with Target to replace 3,600 rooftop units at 225 Target stores. And this is a three-year project in order to improve the efficiency of the units that they currently have with more efficient HVAC equipment. Our automotive seating order wins continued to accelerate during the first half of 2016, where we have nearly the same amount of orders in the first half of this year that we had all of last year. And our Interiors joint venture, which is deconsolidated, has secured business of over $7 billion since we made the announcement last summer. Our Johnson Controls-Hitachi joint venture integration is going extremely well. The strong quarter in Q2 exceeded our plan expectations; great performance in Taiwan, Japan, and in China, where we continue to take share in VRF. We're making great progress in our market plans across Europe and Asia and we're beginning to see increased backlog in base's design work in North America. We're making product investments within our base business in order to support the joint venture and you'll see this impact of the increased spending when you see our Products North America segment this quarter. We're reducing our tax rate for the year from 19% to 17%. And we benefit from the continuous long-term tax planning initiatives that we have underway. I'd like to address our top line growth. If you noted on our first quarter earnings call, we continue to gain momentum in our future top line. We're not converting the pipeline as quickly as we originally expected. So we now estimate our sales growth for BE to be 2% to 4% for the year, and we're very encouraged with what we see in North America. Unfortunately, we have some headwinds in the Middle East in our industrial refrigeration business, mostly driven by the lower oil prices in the region. A little bit of softness in China, more than what we expected in new construction starts, but, overall, when we look at our pipeline and our backlog, we're pretty pleased. For Power Solutions, we're updating our estimates to 4% to 6% growth for the year. Its positive share growth in North America and in China, but it's being impacted by lower lead prices. We're also seeing some warmer weather in Europe and North America than we expected, but we really feel very good about what's happening within Power Solutions. In Auto, we're increasing our estimates. Where in the past we talked about a decline of 2% to 3%, we think we'll be able to have that as we see benefits in the U.S. from higher SUV mix, more content, luxury segment is doing well, and that helps drive our volume. We have Bruce here, so later on, he'll be able to answer some specific questions that you may have. Our pipeline and backlog continues to build. We continue to effectively manage our cost and improve our productivity and so, as a result, we're able to increase our full year guidance. This is a result of a strong operating performance as well as a reduction of our go-forward tax rate, and Brian will cover more about that in a future slide. Move to slide eight. Let's talk about the financial highlights. I'll hit this quickly, so Brian will get into more detail. We really have a lot of moving pieces on our top line with the deconsolidation of the Interiors joint venture is about $1 billion, and the addition of our Johnson Controls-Hitachi revenues is about $740 million, but, as I noted earlier, we're seeing overall organic growth in all of our businesses that results in a 3% organic growth for the quarter, 3% in BE, 5% in Power Solutions and 2% in Automotive. Segment income is up 22%, excluding FX, with margins up 160 basis points; EPS up 18%. I'd like to talk a little bit about Auto. Record profitability in the quarter with production levels ahead of our plan levels, and we're benefiting both from the restructuring actions and our operational efficiencies. Great margins expansion, 250 basis points. Power Solutions has higher volumes that are being offset by our China launch cost. So we're seeing 10 basis points improvements in margins. And BE segment income is benefiting from the Johnson Controls-Hitachi joint venture, higher volumes, and that is being offset by our continued product and sales force investments that will drive our future growth. Let's go to slide nine and talk about the Johnson Controls-Tyco merger. There's a lot of discussion about the recent announcement and what the impact is on our plans. We're moving full steam ahead. We're executing against our day one and we're making tremendous progress. And our teams are working well together. And I'm really personally energized by the strategic nature of the deal and the opportunities it presents. Every day, as we get involved in this, I see more and more opportunity. We have an Executive Steering Committee that George Oliver and myself lead, along with integration teams from both companies. We're on a clear path to capture the value of this unique combination. As you all know, Tyco filed the S-4 on April 4. We received HSR regulatory approval during the quarter, and we do expect all the remainder approvals to be received within our timeline. We anticipate that the Johnson Controls and Tyco shareholder meetings will happen in the July/August timeframe and we're targeting October 1 as the merger date. I know many of you are aware and many of you have been asking about the new Treasury regulations that were recently released. Early this morning, we filed an 8-K jointly with Tyco, confirming that following the review of the U.S. Treasury's Temporary and Proposed Tax Regulations issued on April 4, that we will proceed with the merger and continue to expect $650 million of previously announced synergies over the next three years after closing. Those synergies will include operational and tax synergies. We'll provide additional updates on the progress at the EPG Conference in May when George and I will be presenting together. Let's move on to slide nine and talk about Adient. The Adient separation is on track to be a successful independent public company. Great momentum, just talked about great new business wins, record profitability and tremendous progress both on the organization and on the business. Bruce has the executive team already in place and its Board of Director appointments is substantially complete. The project management office, which is being led by our Vice President of Enterprise Operations, Jeff Williams, is on track toward our targeted internal day one of July 1. So we've got plenty of time in order to make sure that we are successful on the public date. The Form 10 we expect to file by the end of April and you should expect the separation cost to be within the disclosed range that we talked about earlier of $400 million to $600 million. Half of these costs come from IT. We're targeting a spin date of October 31, 2016. And Adient will be a foreign domiciled entity when we spin. Adient's employees, plants and income is primarily outside the United States and, as a result, we expect the effective tax rate for Adient to be in the range of 10% to 12%. This adds significant value and improved cash flow for our shareholders. Turn it over to Brian.
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Alex, and good morning, everyone. So we had a very strong underlying Q2 quarter here. As you saw in our press release, our reported results do include transaction, integration and separation costs associated with our portfolio activities of $131 million, a restructuring charge of $229 million and a couple of non-recurring tax items that net to $765 million, which resulted in a net charge of $1.68 in the current quarter. We've included a summary of these items in the appendix, but given their size, let me just provide a brief overview on those three items. As far as the transaction, integration and separation costs, as you can imagine, those relate primarily to the Adient separation, and as Alex mentioned, those were in line with the previously provided amounts of $400 million to $600 million. As far as the restructuring charge of $229 million, that relates to the Automotive business as well as the ongoing stranded cost reductions that we're going after as we move toward the Adient separation date of 10/31. I would just note that substantially all of the Automotive restructuring will be funded in fiscal 2017 and beyond. There were two items in the tax charge. One item is really consistent with some of our previous divestiture transactions, GWS, Interiors and electronics, where we had a $780 million non-cash charge, and this relates to the required accounting for earnings, which are offshore, which were previously deemed to be permanently invested, which no longer will be, and we need to provide a book charge on that. But, again, it's a non-cash charge. The second piece of that is a benefit of $15 million that came through in the second quarter. That really reflects the first quarter impact of our tax rate reduction from 19% to 17%. As I talk through the business unit results and the financials, I'll exclude the impact of these three items from my comments as these items were excluded from previously issued guidance. And then also, consistent with Q1, the formation of the Automotive Interiors joint venture, which occurred in July 2015, and the closing of the Johnson Controls-Hitachi joint venture in October of 2015, those do impact the comparability of quarter-to-quarter results, and I'll comment on that as we move through the slides. So moving to slide 11, Building Efficiency second quarter sales of $3.2 billion were up 33% from the prior year. If you adjust that for the impact of the Hitachi joint venture as well as FX, our sales grew 3%. We did see strong Systems and Services North American growth, which was up 9% year-over-year, as we continued to see strength in our North American branch business. Ex foreign-exchange, Asia was up 3%, Europe was down 4% and Latin America, although small, was down 15% from the prior year. Orders in the quarter, excluding the Hitachi venture and FX, were up 5% for the second consecutive quarter. We experienced share gains in Systems and Services North America where our orders increased 7% year-on-year. In addition, our Asian orders were also strong, up 9%, and we did experience some softness in Latin American orders, which were down 19%. And as Alex mentioned, backlog is up to $4.7 billion, a 2% improvement. Year-on-year segment income of $245 million was up 43%, excluding the impact of FX, due to the contribution from the Hitachi joint venture as well as higher volumes in North America and Asia. I would point out that the integration of our Hitachi business is now well underway, and VRF product and sales force investments are being made on a global basis. Given these aggressive global integration efforts, the Johnson Controls-Hitachi actual results are really becoming difficult to measure on a stand-alone basis. However, we estimate that BE had mid-single digit segment income growth exclusive of the joint venture. Just as an example, as you'll see in our Form 10-Q, you'll see VRF product investments impacting the Products North America segment margins throughout fiscal 2016. Overall, BE segment margins of 7.8% were up 50 basis points from the prior year. So a strong quarter from BE. Turning to slide 12 and Power Solutions, sales were level compared to the last year. However, if you adjust for FX and the lower lead prices, sales were actually up 5%. In terms of units, overall second quarter shipments were up 3%, with the Americas up 2%, Asia up 28% and Europe down 4%. We continue to see strong AGM growth with year-over-year volumes up 18% to 3.1 million units and Q2 global OE and aftermarket volumes each increased 3% year-over-year. Segment income in the quarter of $264 million was up 3%, excluding FX, primarily the result of higher unit volumes, partially offset by the planned launch costs associated with capacity investments we're making in China. Segment margins were up 10 basis points in the quarter and remain above our expectations on a year-to-date basis. Moving to Automotive, who had another very strong quarter, sales were down 18% compared to last year. But as Alex mentioned, adjusting for the Interiors consolidation and FX, sales were actually up 2% on strong global production. And we saw production up North America 5%, China 4% and Europe 3%. Seating volumes in North America and Asia continued to be very strong, although, we did see some weakness in Europe and South America within the second quarter. In China, where we go to market primarily through unconsolidated joint ventures as you know, our 100% sales improved by 51% in the quarter to $2.9 billion. Adjusting for the Interiors joint venture and FX, China sales were up 9%, which compares very favorably to industry production of 4% in China. For the quarter, segment income of $324 million was up 26% year-over-year, total Automotive margins was 7.5% or at a record level, up 250 basis points, and that's 140 basis points if you adjust for the Interiors deconsolidation. And these significant positive results reflect the benefits of the higher volumes as well as ongoing restructuring benefits at Automotive as well as continued operational efficiencies around JCOS. Turning to slide 14, on a consolidated basis, overall second quarter revenues were down 2% to $9 billion, but that was driven by the deconsolidation of Auto Interiors business and the unfavorable impact of FX, offset by the consolidation of the Hitachi joint venture. Excluding the impact of these items, sales were up 3% with all three businesses showing year-over-year increases. Gross margin for the quarter of 19.1% was up 200 basis points versus the prior year, as we continue to see the favorable impact of the Johnson Controls Operating System efforts as well as improved product mix. You'll note that SG&A was up 6% from last year. This really reflects the consolidation of the Hitachi joint venture as well as the products and sales force investments that are being made in BE, and that's partially offset by the deconsolidation of Interiors and ongoing cost reduction activities within the company. Equity income of $117 million was 43% higher than year ago levels, and that relates primarily to the Interiors joint venture, as well as some of the joint ventures within the Hitachi consolidated venture that we have. Overall, second quarter margins were 9.2%, 160 basis points better than 2015. Turning to slide 15, net financing charges of $74 million were slightly higher than last year. I guess the highlight on the page is that we have reduced our effective tax rate from 19% to 17%, related primarily to tax planning associated with the Adient spinoff and, of course, that gave us a $0.02 benefit in the quarter. This is a sustainable rate at the 17% level in the near term. And we continue to see the tax rate benefits of our global tax planning initiatives that are being put in place in connection with our portfolio transformation over the last couple of years. Income attributable to non-controlling interests is up $41 million compared to last year. That primarily relates to the contribution of the Johnson Controls-Hitachi joint venture and, as we've talked before, that venture has several majority-owned ventures within it as well, and so that year-over-year increase is significant. Overall, very strong second quarter results with diluted earnings per share at $0.86, up 18% versus $0.73 year ago. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow at quarter-end, our net debt-to-cap ratio of 40% compares to the prior year second quarter of 41.2% and 39.1% and 12/31/15. Our net debt of $6.7 billion is down $700 million versus a year ago and level with 12/31/15. And our capital spending remains in line with our target for fiscal 2016 of $1.3 billion. Turning to cash flow, I'm pleased to report that our Q2 cash flow of $400 million is an improvement of $300 million versus the prior year and that includes $100 million of transaction, integration and separation costs. However, I should also point out that in the second quarter of last year we did have $200 million of one-time tax payments, but still, on a net basis, we're plus $200 million for the quarter. So we're making progress in this area. We still have some work to do, but we had a good second quarter. And then, finally, we plan to resume our share repurchase program shortly and expect to buy back $500 million of shares by the end of fiscal 2016. Moving to slide 17 and our guidance, we expect third quarter earnings per share of $1.01 to $1.04, which will be up 11% to 14% from the prior year. And consistent with prior guidance, this would exclude any transaction, integration and separation costs or any other one-time items that we would have in Q3. And then, lastly, we are raising our full year guidance from $3.70 to $3.90, up to $3.85 to $4.00, which is up 13% to 17% from fiscal 2015, and this really reflects the momentum we have from our strong year-to-date operational performance as well as the reduction in our effective tax rate from 19% to 17%. So with that, Kathie, we can open it up for questions.
Kathryn Campbell - Director-Global Investor Relations: Operator, we'll now start the Q&A. We have a long queue today, so if you could please limit it to one question and one follow-up and then get back in the queue, it would be much appreciated. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Colin Langan from UBS. Your line is now open.
Colin Michael Langan - UBS Securities LLC: Oh, great. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, my question is pretty straightforward, but any update on the stranded costs post the Adient spin? I think at the Investor Day, you said it was $150 million to $200 million. Is that still the range or is that actually maybe a little worse or better?
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: The $150 million to $200 million is still a good number and we're on track to take those costs out prior to entering fiscal 2017.
Colin Michael Langan - UBS Securities LLC: And I guess one  and then one maybe a quick follow-up here. Any color on free cash flow conversion? That would be a popular topic among investors. Do you think the 77% is still on track? And you're on track to get it to your midterm of, I think, it was 80%, 85%?
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I think, Colin, when we put the free cash flow conversion slide together at Analyst Day, we did have a couple of pro forma adjustments in there for tax payments that would be one-time related to transactions, but we were $200 million ahead in the second quarter and we're $100 million ahead in the first quarter. Some of that might be a bit of timing, but I think the 77% that we gave you, I like to think there's a bit of upside to that, but we're certainly comfortable with the 77% still.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Colin.
Colin Michael Langan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Thank you very much. I'll get back in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski from Buckingham Research. Your line is now open.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Kathryn Campbell - Director-Global Investor Relations: Good morning, Josh.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Just a follow-up on the BE guidance, Alex, I think the 2% to 4% probably more in line with where you guys are tracking on sales and orders. But could you maybe hash out how that looks on an EBIT basis because, clearly, margins are performing better here in the interim?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So I think that what you probably heard and maybe this is a good opportunity to even talk about a little bit is, what you're seeing is, we're seeing an improvement in Hitachi better than what we expected. But one of the things that's causing us a little bit of tentativeness here is we're spending an awful lot of money in the core business outside of the Hitachi joint venture in order to build a pipeline. So our sales efforts in North America, Europe and parts of Asia and South America are outside of the joint venture. And so that will impact our core margins a bit. So when we talk about our margins, it will be very difficult for us to talk about core margins versus consolidated margins, because we're doing stuff in and outside of the joint venture, but I think what we're seeing some  we're seeing leverage on the BE business more than what we expected, even though we're making the investments we're making. I don't know that we have a guidance at this point, but we probably just need to follow up on that.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. That's fair. And then just as a follow-up, I noticed when you guys reiterated the $650 million of synergies, it didn't quite get bucketed out. Should we still think of it as a $500 million of operational, $150 million of tax? And maybe as a corollary to that, you mentioned some of these integration teams coming together and the excitement building. Do think that means that those numbers look conservative? We're realizing them earlier? How should we think about some of that early excitement?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think that the early excitement should translate into more synergies. Obviously when you get teams together, they're probably more excited about the revenue opportunities than anything else and that's one of the things that we still haven't talked about and, hopefully, we'll be able to, at a minimum, start giving examples. But what I would say is we want to break out the $650 million. Obviously, the new regulations do have  would have an impact on our tax planning. And so it wasn't without us having to go back and revisit what the tax planning would be to see what we could recover from the new regulations. But I don't know that we're comfortable talking about what the split is, but the new regulations did have an impact on us, but we are going to be able to achieve tax synergies, but they're global tax synergies. It's not always in the U.S. when you look at where our opportunity is. I don't know if you have any more comment on that.
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I would just add to that. When we came up with the synergy numbers of $500 million and $150 million, that was early on in the process and we obviously had ranges around each of those areas; synergies from costs and synergies from taxes. And I would just say that as we've gone back and looked at the opportunities for global tax planning as well as understanding Tyco's tax footprint and their understanding of ours, that the range that we had for tax, we're still very comfortable that we're going to be able to be within the range of tax synergies that we quoted previously. So I think from our standpoint, it's full speed ahead.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Perfect. Thanks for the color, guys.
Kathryn Campbell - Director-Global Investor Relations: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Robert Barry from Susquehanna. Your line is now open.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Rob.
Kathryn Campbell - Director-Global Investor Relations: Hey, Rob.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: I had a question on tax as well. I just wanted to clarify. So, as we think about JCI ex Adient, so the piece that's merging with Tyco, is it going to be joining with Tyco having this 17% tax rate? Is that the idea?
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I think, what we're saying, Rob, is our tax rate in the near term we think is sustainable at 17%. So when I say near term that takes us through fiscal 2017. The Tyco tax rate, I think, has historically been in that 17% to 18% range. So if you put the two companies together and then layer on, over a three-year period, that we think there's $150 million of tax synergies, I think that's kind of the way to think about it. So as we put the two companies together, we're just going to have to kind of work through what the ultimate rate is. But I think we've been talking in terms of 17% to 18%, and I would say that the guide down to JCI of 17% means that we think we may do a little better than that.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got you. Okay. I just wanted to clarify that. And then maybe just...
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Rob?
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yeah?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Just wanted to make sure that you also  kind of the news on this was the Adient tax rate was something that we hadn't talked about previously also.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yes, indeed. And it was pretty striking to see it at that level. So I was curious if somehow the split between the two impacted the way the business would look as it entered the merger.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, in fact, a big part of the integration process is to make sure that as we do our planning that we do tax planning during the  I'm sorry, the separation over the last year.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got you. And then maybe just on BE, it looks like there's definitely some good momentum building there, especially, in North America. I think, Alex, you called out healthcare and education was where you were seeing the strength and so, perhaps, is government a lagging? Any color on the verticals? And then, if you could also just comment on pricing. As this order momentum builds, is the pricing of the backlog, would you say, accretive or dilutive to the segment margins? Thank you.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think that  I don't know that (33:04) these are mostly contracts, so I think it's really a variable margin play. I don't know that we're really looking at a fixed cost play. So I do think that it's accretive. Now, it's going to come down to the mix of the size of projects. Typically, the larger the project, the lower the margin, but also, it has lower SG&A to go along with that. So I think that we're going to see accretive  the business is going to be accretive as volume runs through it, particularly, as we have pull-through. Again, a lot of this business is not performance contracting business, so a lot of this business is core construction business, which means it's going to drag along equipment and controls, which will have an accretive component to our business. Those are real positives. The other thing that I'd say is around the verticals. We talk about transportation, I would call that really more of a state and local government vertical, which is infrastructure related. That seems to be holding up; education, healthcare. We're also  and we didn't talk about it in our comments, we're also seeing in our commercial business is doing pretty well, and that's really on the back of our CBRE business. We're seeing significant orders through our relationship with CB Richard Ellis. So, we're hitting on a lot of key initiatives and the market seems to be holding up with an 8% pipeline in front of us.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mike Wood from Macquarie Capital. Your line is now open.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Securities: Hi. Thanks for that color on the commercial verticals. Could you also provide some trends on commercial in terms of split between renovation activity and new construction and what you're seeing in the pipeline? And also maybe the various size tonnage equipment and where you're seeing most of that pipeline come from? Thank you.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, so this is kind of a global picture. If you look at from a global perspective, actually, our large tonnage business is not doing well as more of our mid-market or mid-tonnage spends. And that's primarily driven by markets like the Middle East, markets that are driven by infrastructure spending. When you look at North America, I think what we're seeing is, basically, the same thing. It's kind of a mid-market on revenue, but on the secured, there's some very, very large infrastructure projects. So I think, today, our mix would probably be more toward mid-size equipment. I think that the secured pipeline is looking toward larger projects and larger tonnage.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Securities: And you'd mentioned Hitachi exceeding expectations initially. Is that sales or margins? And do you have a clear plan at this point now with how to fix the resi business or has that began?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, I would tell you, on the Hitachi, we're seeing both the top line has been something that's been a pleasant surprise. Tremendous growth, particularly, in the Asian markets in market share, and we're also seeing margins better than what we expected. So I think, on both counts, we're seeing with Hitachi. As it relates to residential, right now, the plan that we have in residential, we have a lot of new products that are out in the marketplace. We're making some initiatives, but nothing transformative at this point.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Securities: Thank you.
Kathryn Campbell - Director-Global Investor Relations: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thank you. Just a first question maybe on Power Solutions. You had obviously enjoyed exceptional margin expansion and then, obviously, that seems to be sort of leveling out a little bit. I just wondered if you could call out how severe and how long do you expect the headwind from those China launch costs to be? Was that sort of a blip that you saw in Q2 and the second half margin expansion should be more considerable? Any color there?
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. So when we talked at the December meeting, we actually guided margins down 50 basis points from 17.5% to 17%, and I think we called out at that meeting there was going to be some China launch costs, certainly, throughout fiscal 2016. So, we're starting to see those now. Even with those, we had a 10-basis point improvement in Power Solutions margins, and year-to-date, they're still up pretty strong. So there will be more of that in the second half of the year. And then, as you know, we're also in the middle of constructing a plant in the north in China, and so I think the investment and some of the launch costs in China we're going to continue to see for a period of time. But I would tell you, sitting here today, when we look at the margins for Power Solutions, the 17% that we guided to in December, we're well ahead of that pace right now for fiscal 2016.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. Thank you. And then, back to Building Efficiency. I think there's been sort of very mixed and mostly negative sort of comments on China construction for quite some time. Your own sort of Asia orders though have been very good actually, up 9% to 10% the last six months. So maybe give us some background as to how you're able to drive that? Any particular verticals or countries that you think are key behind that sort of very high-single digit above-market average growth?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: This is Alex. So, what I would tell you is that China has been a headwind for us, with the exception of what we're seeing through Hitachi in our VRF business. So that business is growing pretty quickly. When you look outside of China, I don't know that you can point to one particular country, but, across the board, the ASEAN countries were seeing growth. And what I would tell you, as it relates to China, it's kind of a mixed bag. We're  it's choppy. We're seeing some orders. We saw some  I wouldn't call it momentum, we saw some sprouts here in the last few months. We're also seeing some new infrastructure projects that are on the board when you look out west, and so we're hopeful that it will come back with some stimulus money here.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thank you very much.
Kathryn Campbell - Director-Global Investor Relations: Thanks, Julian.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague from Vertical Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good Morning, Jeff.
Kathryn Campbell - Director-Global Investor Relations: Good Morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hey. A couple of follow-ups. First, just on the Target deal, I'm intrigued by that. Your name doesn't usually come to top of mind when I'm thinking kind of big retail retrofit job, so congrats on that. But could you elaborate on what drove that? Was there  it sounds like there were some performance contracting tied to it. And do you have a pipeline of some additional opportunities there?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, actually, it wasn't a performance contract, it was more of a  it was based off of energy savings, but it really wasn't a performance contract, and I think that what you should see is that, over time, I think we'll continue having more activity there, but it's probably something that we are under-utilizing. I agree. It's something that you don't see a lot. I do think that we have a set of new products that makes us more competitive in that market, so we probably haven't been approaching it aggressively, so, hopefully, you'll see more in the future.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And on the government side, Alex, things have been hung up there for a while. This Navy project broke free. Do you have a decent size front log (40:44) on the U.S. government side in particular? And how do you think that plays out over the balance of the year?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think we talked about, about $150 million if I remember the recall that got hung up. I think we're going to see about half of that and the Navy project would be in that half as it relates to projects that were hung up. Moving forward, we still have a headwind around the U.S. federal government related to our historical plans. So, we're not really counting on that this year to save our day until we get kind of through this fiscal situation that we have with the U.S. government. But we are glad to see that we were able to get that project freed up. There are probably a few more, but we'll get about half of what we expected.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yeah. Thank you. And then just a quick one on Adient, should we still be kind of thinking dividend roughly two terms on EBITDA?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I'm going to let Bruce talk to you about that.
Robert Bruce McDonald - Vice Chairman & Executive Vice President: Well, actually, I think, on the slide in the deck here, when we talk about the Adient separation, we're just finally icing that with our advisors. The first turn here of the Form 10, it won't have the dividend in there, but that's something that is top of mind for us and we're working with Brian and his team on that.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: All right. Thank you.
Kathryn Campbell - Director-Global Investor Relations: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Richard Kwas from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Just a follow up on Power, so Start-Stop coming in at 18% for the quarter, that's good growth, but down pretty considerably from the 30% and 40%s run rate that you've been realizing over the last several quarters. Just curious in terms of was there a timing of launches around in North America or China that affected the growth rate. How should we think about the progression of the growth rate?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, two things. One is, the numbers are getting bigger and the second thing is that we're capacity constrained. So, if you remember as we talked about last year, things were happening much quicker than what we expected, and so as we're putting in capacity, we're chasing a little bit here.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And, Alex, are the economics still the same with regards to the price and the margin dollars two times, three times on sales and operating profit, respectively?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Pretty much. Even though you see the basis volume  you kind of have to look through the numbers, but if you look at our unit growth rate and you look at our margin growth rate, you can sort of see it. There's so many moving parts with lead costs and FX, but we are seeing that, and as we're able to continue that capacity, more and more of that will get realized on the bottom line, but, yeah, we're still seeing it.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then just a quick one on Auto for Bruce, so in the deck it says European softness on production here in Q1 or fiscal Q2, I should say. You've had production get raised here recently. Just curious is that a customer-specific issue or what's going on?
Robert Bruce McDonald - Vice Chairman & Executive Vice President: It really just relates to some business that we have that's rolling off. So, as you know, the last couple years, we had some business losses that we didn't renew in Europe and so we're just sort of seeing the tail-end of that.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And that would be pure seating, not including Interiors?
Robert Bruce McDonald - Vice Chairman & Executive Vice President: Correct.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line Pat Archambault from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks, again. Yeah, just two for me. Number one is, what's the pricing like on those seating contracts? It just strikes me as obviously fairly remarkable acceleration, right? To do sort of all of what you did in bookings in a half a year in terms of compared to what you did a year ago in a whole year. Are you finding that the environment is just willing to take in some new orders at reasonable pricing or is this kind of an aggressive push to kind of reassert yourself at your proper share? How should we think about that?
Robert Bruce McDonald - Vice Chairman & Executive Vice President: Well, first of all, it's great progress, and I think when you think about the rationale for spinning off the Automotive business, it's really been because we wanted to free up Automotive to reinvest the cash flows to grow the business. And so, if you were to look at our reinvestment ratio in the Auto business compared to our closest North American competitor, what you would see is our reinvestment ratio is about 30% to 40% lower than theirs. And so, our growth has been stunted because of our lack of commitment on future CapEx and engineering expense. So it's not that we are chasing things at lower prices here, it is  our business  and probably the best way to think about (46:01) around for a while is, we have a long 20-year, 30-year track record of aggressive growth in Automotive and we're giving them back the access to resources and let them flourish again. And that's what we're seeing in the first half.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. All right. Thanks, Bruce. And just one other side one maybe more generally, it just feels like in the last four months or five months like the noise on  not noise, but the discussions on 48 volt have gone up a lot. Can you just remind us like sort of your positioning there and how much of an opportunity that could be for you?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, so I think that, for us, the 48 volt discussion is one that's a positive discussion, because as we've talked about our technology portfolio and the fact that vehicles will move from one powertrain to another powertrain, we'd rather see an incremental move and one that's not 100% disruptive, but more of an evolving portfolio. And for us, this is something that we actually predicted. The timing of it is something that's unique around the discussion, but I do think it makes an awful lot of sense and we're encouraged by it. If you look at our investments in R&D, it's directly related to low-voltage lithium-ion products.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And just to follow up really quickly, is this  are these products that you could see in the market within kind of a two-year timeframe? Is it that soon?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, I think you're  if you think about the cycles of the Automotive business, you'll probably have some pilot projects, but you're really talking about five years plus out just because of the product cycle times.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Got it. Thanks, guys. That's all I have.
Kathryn Campbell - Director-Global Investor Relations: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Noah Kaye from Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Noah Kaye - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Good morning, and thank you. Let's start with Building Efficiency. You had mentioned the new Metasys launch in June. So as you work towards the Tyco merger and the integration, I was wondering to what extent are you already starting to design building automation products for integrating some of their fire and security products and controls? It seems like a good opportunity and just wondering how much of that might be baked into how you think about synergies versus potential upside, and maybe what you think the integration of those product suites will do for your competitive positioning.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, as you probably know, the Metasys platform has been around for a long time. It's an evolving product platform. And it already has an integrating capability with lots of fire alarm products, including products like the Simplex products through open protocols. I think what you're going to see is a much tighter integration. We haven't really gotten into the details of the product planning. You have to remember, we're still two public companies, and there's certain planning that we can't do until we're further along in this process. But, clearly, when we talk about  and I think Tyco talks about their Tyco On product and we talk about Metasys, that's really a convergence of technology that will need an integrating platform. What that really looks like, the opportunity to look under the cover, we really can't do that yet. So I'm excited about that as part of the synergy opportunity. It wouldn't be the near-term synergy opportunity; it would be like the second wave of opportunity. The first wave of opportunity is going to really be cross-selling and commercial opportunity.
Noah Kaye - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): We'll look for that. And then just a question on Power Solutions; you mentioned in your guidance for the year, the change in the guidance earlier, just wondering how you think about regional volumes in kind of the remainder of the year, North America, China versus Europe and kind of the puts and takes of that and where you think that might end up impacting pricing.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think that the mix will be very similar to what it's been up to this point. We have actually gained share. There's been a little bit of market growth in North America. Europe has had a pretty mild weather. It hasn't lost share, but it's pretty competitive in Europe. And so what I would expect is that our share will continue to grow pivoting toward Asia, specifically China, and we'll see moderate growth in the other regions.
Noah Kaye - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Kathryn Campbell - Director-Global Investor Relations: Thanks, Noah.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Joseph Spak from RBC. Your line is now open.
Joseph R. Spak - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Oh, thanks for squeezing me in here. Just one quick one on, I guess, the Yanfeng JV, where we just get a little transparency. It seems like things have really accelerated there by some of the clues you dropped here; China up 51%, but only 9% ex that JV. And then if you could just sort of back out the margin improvement as well, is that  I guess, is that just the fruits of some increased business, because it seems to be up way more than China production would have otherwise suggested?
Robert Bruce McDonald - Vice Chairman & Executive Vice President: I just want to clarify. You're talking about the Interiors joint venture, correct?
Joseph R. Spak - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes. Yeah.
Robert Bruce McDonald - Vice Chairman & Executive Vice President: Well, yeah. Keep in mind, Joe, it's a global joint venture. So, roughly speaking, it's a little bit more than 50% is China and the balance of it is North America and Europe, just to remind those on the call that maybe aren't familiar with it. But we  this joint venture, we basically took Johnson Controls' business, which was a global Interiors joint venture, or operation, and combined it with Yanfeng's business, which was almost all in China. I think they had one North American plant. And really, the rationale here was combining the Chinese cost base that they brought and access to low-cost tooling and capital, and marrying it up with our global footprint and our global customer relationships. And what you've sort of seen there is putting that all together, is we've got a business that's got a return on sales of more than 6%. That's somewhat stunted because of the costs that we're incurring to set it up as a separate entity. We see good strong growth and we've got a global business that's growing nicely. And we see the $7 billion of  that's lifetime awards of revenue, so it's not the same as our backlog. But that  if I looked at that backlog, that's the customer validation of the investment thesis and I think if you look underneath that, about two-thirds of the new business is Daimler, BMW and Porsche on business, and that's a global mix, so it's not just winning it in one region. So, great customer acceptance, the marrying of the customer relationships and the cost base, it just has played out perfectly for us and we're real excited about how that venture's starting off year.
Joseph R. Spak - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And just to confirm that it's the after-tax portion of that JV that you're reporting in that segment income number, right? So, I guess, the difference suggests sort of something about like almost $50 million contribution which just seems to be a little bit higher than, I guess, some of the initial color you had.
Robert Bruce McDonald - Vice Chairman & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I don't think the  maybe after the call, Kathie can straighten you out there, but I think it's not quite  I don't think its $50 million from the Interiors joint venture. But your point is actually bigger than you said. All of our Chinese equity income, which is more than $50 million in the quarter is all after-tax income, and I think one of the things that, from a value perspective, is generally speaking I think people give us an EBITDA type multiple on our equity income rather than a PE type multiple, and I think there's lost value there.
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, we can walk through the math afterwards, but remember that's a 30%  we've got a 30% interest in that joint venture and you're correct, it is after-tax. So we can walk you through those numbers.
Joseph R. Spak - RBC Capital Markets LLC: All right. We can take it offline. Thanks.
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah.
Kathryn Campbell - Director-Global Investor Relations: Thanks, Joe.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Kathryn Campbell - Director-Global Investor Relations: Alex, closing comments?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Appreciate it. I thank everyone for joining the call today and I just want to just to mention, just as I always do, but it can't go unmentioned is that how could you not be more proud of our employees and what they're accomplishing. We've got a significant amount of things going on. If you look at the summer we have ahead of us, it's not slowing down, but I think we can see the path to be clear of all this. Things are becoming much more clear for our employees, for our customers, and I think that the execution that they're delivering on is something to really be proud of. So, I just want to thank our employees and I want to appreciate everyone's great, great questions, and sticking with us through this transformation. We're going to be  we're a great company today and we're going to be an even be a greater company, a great two companies when we come out of this. So thanks a lot. Have a great day.
Kathryn Campbell - Director-Global Investor Relations: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. And that concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-01-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen L. Ponczak - Vice President-Global Investor Relations Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Robert Bruce McDonald - Vice Chairman & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Colin Michael Langan - UBS Securities LLC Patrick E. Nolan - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Noah Kaye - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Welcome, and thank you all for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference call. Today's call is being recorded, if you have any objections you may disconnect at this point. Now I will hand the meeting over to your host, Mr. Glen Ponczak, sir you may begin.
Glen L. Ponczak - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Thanks, operator and welcome, everybody, to the review of Johnson Controls First Quarter 2015 Earnings. If you didn't already receive it, the slide presentation can be accessed at the Investors section at johnsoncontrols.com. This morning, Chairman and CEO, Alex Molinaroli, will provide some perspective on the quarter as well as some updates; and he'll be followed by Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief, who will review the results of the individual businesses as well as the company's overall financial performance. Following those prepared remarks, we'll open up the call for questions, and we're scheduled to end at the top of the hour. Before we begin, just want to remind you that today's conference will include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause the actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors that could cause results to differ are discussed in the cautionary statement included in today's news release and the presentation document. We also remind you to review the extended disclosures related to the proposed transaction with Tyco, which can also be found in the earnings document today. And with that, I'll turn it over to Alex.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Great. Thank you, Glen. I first want to acknowledge that this is probably the first time in years that Bruce McDonald hasn't been on the agenda, but just for everyone's sake, he's here, so when we get to the Q&A, we'll make sure that Bruce gets an opportunity to keep his string alive. What I'd like to do before we get started is just remind everyone, it's been a while since we had an opportunity to talk, and I wanted to remind everyone that in December when we had our Analyst Day there's some themes that I want to hit on. We talked about execution, and over the last couple years, I continue to be completely satisfied with our teams' ability to stay focused, particularly as we transform our portfolio. Our teams within the business units have been focused on reinvesting in growth, but most importantly, being able to improve margins and continue to meet our commitments. As we talked in December, we've made a lot of progress around our operational excellence, our Johnson Controls Operating System, and it continues to bring and yield results for us as a company within our business units. And I think after the Auto spin, we talked a lot about that, and Bruce had an opportunity to meet with a bunch of you in January in Detroit about the Automotive business, about Adient, and we'll be well-positioned along with the Automotive business to be two great companies after the end of this fiscal year, and I'm pretty excited about that. And then as it relates to the path of the remaining Johnson Controls, I think that particularly as we talk about our announcement earlier this week and the portfolio changes that we made up to this point and how we've invested within our businesses, I think we're really on a path to achieve our multi-industrial status and make sure that we are in a position to reinvest in the business and continue to increase shareholder value. So with that, I'll start on slide seven. I won't spend a lot of time on this, but I just want to break a few things down for you to make sure that you understand that from an organic standpoint, although we're not exactly where we want to be, I am seeing some momentum in the business. If you sort out some of the numbers, you see that our FX has impacted us negatively along with a drop in lead prices within our Power Solutions business, and Brian will talk about that when he gets into each one of the businesses. Also, you have to take Hitachi and you have to make sure that you know that we now have that consolidated within our quarter and it's over $0.5 billion of increased revenue, but then you have to take the deconsolidation of the Interiors joint venture out, and it's over $1 billion. So if you look inside our businesses, what you see is Automotive business really exceeded our expectation around production levels across the board, and that would include China, by the way. And then BE is up organically 1%, and that excludes Hitachi and FX, and we have higher revenues, particularly in North America and the Middle East. And we'll talk later about North America, but we're seeing some real momentum in that business that we saw earlier, and I think last quarter, we had a little bit of a hiccup because some of the federal government work, but the secured sales continues to come, and our top line I think is in a position to continue to grow. And then Power Solution, if you take out the unit volume and you just take out lead and FX, we had a 3% growth, and I'm particularly happy with some of the sales increase we have in China. Once again, we continue to see margin expansion in the business at 130 basis points across the board. In Auto, we had record performance. We've never seen this kind of performance before in our first quarter, and we continue to see improvements within that business, and so we're setting that up for success. And then Power Solutions, again, with margins that are almost 20%. A little bit benefit from the low  the pressed lead position, but still we're seeing margin improvements within the business. And now we're seeing BE with the reinvestments into that business with a real position to  in a real position to grow. If you go to slide eight, let's talk about a couple of things here that I think are pretty important. You know that I'm pretty proud of how our team is accomplishing, and as I said earlier, and with the segmented income margins up 130 basis points and EPS 11% versus last year, even with a little softness in the top line versus where we wanted it to be, we've got a lot of headwinds in the business that are outside of our control, we continue to deliver on the bottom line despite that. And of course, as I said earlier, operational excellence across all of our functions continues to improve. And I would say that it includes everything from our procurement, our manufacturing operations, our supply chain and the productivity we're getting out of our sales force. We have a challenging macroeconomic environment, but we are gaining some momentum. If you look at our SSNA, our North American branch business, we saw orders grow in Q1 and we see the pipeline are up. If you look within North America and you just go to North America, you can see that orders are up 13%. Our chiller market share is up 170 basis points. Our hit rate is up; this is historical highs. And then within Q2, we see the pipeline continuing to grow. And so the institutional market focus that we have I think is starting to pay off. It's been a long time coming, but hopefully we'll continue to see that happen. And so we expect to see revenue growth and the pipeline continue to increase. Actually, in Asia, orders were up significantly in the quarter. Now in the context of things that we saw three quarters of orders being down prior to that, so we were happy to see Asia orders being up. And if you look at Hitachi, we're pretty happy with where we were. Now it exceeded our plan, we've got a long way to go with Hitachi and the integration, but the integration is going well. And as it relates to what our plans were for Hitachi, we had more profitability and better operational performance than what we planned, so off to a good start there. Power Solutions, great quarter; some real milestones, I was reflecting on Power Solutions and some of the growth. We're going to be adding some more capacity as we speak. Within 2017, we'll have another 6.5 million of units in a new plant in Power Solutions in China. And we hit a record of 1 million units of batteries shipped in China during December, and a little bit less than 3 million units for the quarter, and I was reflecting on that, because you know over the past few years, when I was at Power Solutions when we had our problem with the Shanghai plant, that plant was a 3 million unit plant. And so as we've moved through the past few years, we're now selling in one quarter of total capacity what we had when we first entered China with our Shanghai plant. And then AGM growth continues to be something that's accelerating. Our biggest challenge here is keeping up with capacity. We had a 41% growth in AGM, so the mix is working in our favor. You go to slide nine, we'll talk about the Auto separation, the Adient spin-off here in a few minutes, and then as you all know, we introduced the fact that we will merge with Tyco earlier this week. And I'm incredibly excited about what I've seen so far, the reaction by our customers, by our employees and by the folks that follow us, our investors. I do think it's going to be a win-win for both companies, certainly for our customers and our shareholders. And so I look forward to working with our partners at Tyco over the next few months as we work toward close. And I think that it's just going to be more exciting times to come for both companies. Back in December, I think there was a little bit of a disappointment. We talked about the fact that we were just a little unsure of ourselves as it relates to our share repurchase program and we wanted to pause that while we really understood what the costs and the cash flows were going to be associated with the Automotive spin. And I got a lot of feedback there at the meeting that there was a little bit of a surprise. I think it was the right thing to do, but we now understand how this is all going to come together, and so we're going to reinstate our repurchase program in the second half of this year. I think the stock price is at a place where it's a really good buy, and so we're going to  we plan to repurchase 0.5 million shares by the end of the fiscal year in the second half of the year. So I'm happy to report that. Go to slide 10, you know that Bruce announced earlier this month, and I found out just right before you did the name of the new company, Adient, and it's a real exciting step forward. A lot of things that are on this slide are consistent with what you saw if you were  if you either had the presentation or you were at the presentation that Bruce gave in Detroit, but there's only one real significant difference is that since that time, we've actually received another piece of business, a Hyundai Kia replacement business and a VW metals program, and so that moves from the $650 million of replacement business to $750 million. And of course we already had talked about $850 million of new business that we've seen in the business essentially since we made the announcement. So the team is working hard around separation. We're not seeing any hiccups in the business itself. And in fact, we're seeing momentum. The team is really excited about their future. You'll get some more information. The Form 10 should be out late March, early April, and then when that comes out, I think you'll get some of the details that you're probably looking for as we work toward getting that complete. I don't want to jump ahead of ourselves. And so I think when that comes, I think a lot of the questions that you might have and some of the things we're still working through will be answered. And then I think that as we talk about our capital structure, Bruce talked about that, and nothing has really changed as it relates to how we're thinking about the capital structure for Adient. On slide 11, I'm not going to spend a lot of time on this. This should look familiar; the Tyco and Johnson Controls merger, if you look at the key points on this particular slide, I just want to talk about a couple of things and make sure that it's absolutely clear, and we've gotten a lot of feedback over the last week. We see $650 million of synergies including operational and the tax synergies that we're going to get from the deal. That's something that we've taken to the bank and we feel very comfortable that we'll be able to achieve. What we don't have in that is any revenue synergies. One of the things that you can expect from us over the next few months as we fully understand how that is going to come together and how we're going to integrate specifically, you can expect for us to update these numbers to include revenue synergies and the timing for that. So that's  we've positioned that as all upside to make sure that we didn't set some expectations that we couldn't meet. But I can tell you internally, our teams are incredibly excited about this opportunity, and I spoke with George Oliver, and his team is too. Post-merger, prior to any of the synergies, we're talking about a company with $4.5 billion of EBITDA, so I think the financial flexibility we'll have as a combined company certainly will be much enhanced from what we have today and what RemainCo would have had without the merger. If you go to slide 12, we've gotten a lot of feedback over the last week, and so we tried to put a slide together that I think is going to be very helpful. There's been a lot of feedback that we've gotten to make sure that people can understand because we are merging and then spinning, what is the value to the JCI shareholder and what are the mechanics and what's included what's not included. And so I think this slide certainly goes through some of the questions that we've gotten in particular. I'm not going to go through the entire slide because I think most of this stuff is something that we've talked about and that you've been able to understand. I think that the share repurchase helps you understand how we get from the current 650 million shares outstanding to the future combined company of 940 million shares outstanding after the repurchase program. So if you go back into the appendix, there is a slide that I think can help you get from the 650 million to the 940 million of shares, and that might close some gaps for some of the folks that are on the phone that were trying to understand some of the metrics around this deal. The $10.5 billion net debt is an important number, and if you look at what our  you look at our net debt-to-EBITDA is we'll be in a strong position, as I said earlier, to be able to have some flexibility moving forward. So with that, I think that as we move forward, we look forward to your feedback to make sure that we're as transparent as we can and make sure that you can  it helps you put together your models. I do know that it's a little bit of a challenge with a couple of the moving parts that we have here. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Brian and let him go through the businesses.
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Okay. Thanks, Alex, and good morning, everyone. Before we move into page 13, just a couple housekeeping things. As you saw in the press release, our Q1 results from continuing operations are adjusted for the $87 million in separation cost, primarily related to the Adient spinoff that we incurred in the quarter. And as I talk through the business unit results and the financials, I'm going to exclude the $87 million in costs from my comments consistent with what we guided to previously to exclude those type of costs. And I'll also comment on just continuing operations as we go through the slides here. As you know, the formation of the Automotive Interiors joint venture in July 2015 and the closing of our Hitachi joint venture in October 2015, does impact the comparability of the quarter-to-quarter results, and so I will also refer to that as I go through the commentary here. And then lastly, we did file Form 8-K today, and that Form 8-K will break out for you the fiscal 2015 results with our new reportable segments for BE. It will give you annual fiscal 2014 results as well. And then as we move through 2016, you'll have the comparable quarter amounts for the four new business segments of BE. And those four new business segments are Systems and Services North America, Products North America, Asia, and Rest of World, and we have outlined kind of the mapping as to our old segments to the new segments in an appendix to the slide deck. So with that, let's go through slide 13 on Building Efficiency. Their sales in the quarter were $3 billion, which were up 18% from the prior year. If you adjust for Hitachi and FX, sales grew by 1%. Revenues in our Systems and Services North American business were up 4% year-over-year, and as Alex mentioned, we continue to see good momentum in the North American branch business. And the Middle East was up 31% quarter-over-quarter, and that was due primarily to several large jobs that closed here in the first quarter. However, Asia, excluding Hitachi, was down 3%, Europe was down 4%, and Latin America was down 31%, although the 31% is off a pretty small number. Orders secured in the quarter, excluding Hitachi and FX, were up 5%. We're very pleased with the share gains we saw in the North American region where orders increased 8%. As Alex mentioned, Asian orders were also strong in the quarter, up 10%, and we did see a bit of softness in the Rest of the World. Backlog is consistent at $4.5 billion, and we continue to see strength in the Systems and Services North American business, as far as the new business opportunities pipeline for the next six months, which is up 7%. If you look at segment income, year-over-year, up 10%. Ex-Hitachi and FX, it's up 2%, primarily due to the higher North American volumes. And as expected, with the Hitachi consolidation, our margins were down to 6.1% versus 6.6% in the prior year. But if you adjust out for the negative impact of Hitachi, we're flat year-over-year. And we'll comment that for the remainder of the year, we still are confident that the margins will be in line with the guidance that we provided in December, which is a 30 basis point improvement. So overall, a very solid Q1 for Building Efficiency. If we turn to slide 14, Power Solutions, their sales were down 6% compared to last year. But again, if you adjust for FX and the impact of lower lead prices, their sales were actually up 3%. And just to kind of put a little bit of color around the lead prices, the average price in Q1 of this year was $1,681 as compared to $1,999 in the first quarter last year, and that reduced price of lead finds its way through our top line. In terms of units, overall first quarter shipments were up 3%, with growth in all regions. Americas up 1%, Europe up 8%, and Asia was up 7%. And as Alex mentioned, we had a record 1 million units shipped in China in the month of December. We continue to see very strong AGM growth, with quite honestly demand outpacing our current capacity, and year-over-year volumes are up 41% to 3.2 million units. And we saw strong global volumes with the OEs up 4% and aftermarket up 3%. Segment income in the quarter was $342 million versus $315 million last year, an increase of 7%, primarily the result of the higher volumes, improved product mix and productivity improvements. The segment margin improvement was 260 basis points, but you really have to look at that exclusive of the impact of lead, and ex-lead, it was still up a solid 70 basis points in the quarter. So again, Power Solutions just continued to deliver strong quarters for us. So turning to the Automotive business, their sales were down 20% compared to last year, but as Alex mentioned, you've got to factor in the deconsolidation of the Interiors business with the joint venture that was formed in July of last year and FX. And if you consider those two items, sales were actually up 4% on across-the-board strong global production. China sales, which are primarily unconsolidated, as you know, improved 58% in the quarter to $3.3 billion, but that's inclusive of the Interiors joint venture. If you strip that out, China sales were up 11%. So again, very strong performance. For the quarter, segment income of $266 million was up 15% year-over-year, and Auto margins of 6.3% were up 180 basis points. Again, we get the benefit of the Interiors equity income being picked up with the sales not in the denominator, so if you adjust for that, the Automotive business still showed a 70 basis point improvement in the quarter versus last year. So Automotive simply continues to deliver excellent results for us. So if I take you to page  slide 16, overall first quarter revenues were down 7% to $8.9 billion. As Alex mentioned, you really kind of need to unpack that in three pieces. There's just short of $1 billion in Interiors revenue that we lost, and then we had headwinds with about $0.5 billion of foreign exchange, and then additive to that would be the Hitachi revenues of north of $500 million. So if you look at it that way and exclude those items, you end up that sales were actually up 2% on a consolidated basis and up across all three of our businesses. Gross margin for the quarter was 18.3%, up 160 basis points, and I think that's really reflective of the benefits we're continuing to see from the Johnson Controls Operating System. SG&A was level with last year. Really the way to look at that is the increases that came from the Hitachi JV were substantially offset by the deconsolidation of Interiors and ongoing cost savings and restructuring initiatives that we have across our business. Equity income was up strong, 37%, to $140 million, and that's really attributable to two pieces; the Interiors JV, which contributed about $20 million in the quarter, and then there were several JVs that came with the Hitachi business and they contributed between $15 million and $18 million as well. So that really is the entire gap there. So, overall, first quarter segment margins of 8.8% were up 130 bps versus 2015, and 80 basis points excluding the impacts of Hitachi and Interiors, so very strong performance as it relates to our segment margins. On slide 17, net financing charges were pretty level with last year. We did have a slight increase in our effective tax rate from 18.4% to 19%. And there were a few joint ventures that came with the Hitachi transaction that added about $10 million to the minority interest line in the current quarter. So, overall, we're very pleased with strong first quarter results and diluted EPS of $0.82, which is up 11% from last year. And I would just echo what Alex said, we're pretty proud of the management teams that are able to deliver these type of results quarter-to-quarter with all of the portfolio transformation that's really going across the company and could be potential distractions for us. But it simply hasn't been and we continue to deliver strong results. So, quickly, I'd like to hit the highlights in the balance sheet. At quarter end, we've got a net debt to cap of 39.1% versus the prior quarter of 40.5% and year-end at 36.7%. And our net debt of $6.7 billion is up from $6 billion at 9/30/15. And if you look at those ratios and the net debt position, it's really a function of the Hitachi investment we made in Q1. Capital spending at $300 million is in line with expectations and relates primarily as we've talked in the past about Power Solutions' growth investments. And then cash flow we made some good progress in the quarter. It's normally a cash outflow quarter for us, as you know. It was $300 million in the quarter, which was $100 million better than last year and we had $100 million of separation costs  roughly $100 million in the quarter as well, so stronger free cash flow performance this quarter than planned. So let's turn to guidance on slide 19. For the second quarter, we expect earnings per share of $0.80 to $0.83, which would be up 10% to 14% from the prior year level of $0.73. And then consistent with our prior guidance, this will exclude the transaction and separation costs in the second quarter, and I note that again simply because we expect those costs to ramp up in the second quarter as we move toward a July 1 operational separation date with full legal separation in early October. The other thing we've done on page 19 is kind of lay out for you a chart that shows what our December analyst guidance was for sales growth by business and then our sink margin targets by business for fiscal 2016, and I would highlight a couple of things. As it relates to BE, we are seeing revenue softness in that business primarily in three areas; China, where it seems to be taking a bit longer to number one, secure orders, and then number two, to get the orders executed from a revenue recognition standpoint. So, that's causing a bit of softness for us as we look through the rest of the year. The Middle East, although strong in the first quarter, it looks like with oil prices where they are that there could be some softness in the back half of the year. And then the third area that I'd just point to is there were three or four federal jobs, one in particular, that we thought at the end of the year fiscal 2015 that we were going to secure in early 2016, and for a variety of reasons, those jobs have not been secured yet. And if they aren't secured, that'll provide a bit of downward pressure on our previously provided guidance as well. So, some softness we see in BE as it relates to the 9% to 11%. In Power Solutions, although unit volumes remain strong, the decrease in lead prices that Alex and I have talked about, as well as the FX impact in the year, could put a little pressure on the 9% to 11% at Power Solutions. Auto, on the other hand, continues to be very strong, and we would expect them to exceed the revenue guidance that we provided. As far as margins, despite the top line pressures that we see at BE and Power Solutions, we continue to be committed to that margin improvement as well as delivering on the $3.70 to $3.90 per share annual target that we provided in December, and that would be 8% to 14% improvement from the $3.42 that we delivered in fiscal 2015. So with that, Glen, we can open it up for questions.
Glen L. Ponczak - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Thanks, Brian. Thanks, Alex. Operator, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Mr. Robert Barry with Susquehanna. Sir, your line is now open.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Rob.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Wanted to follow up on the comments on commercial HVAC in Asia, both China and elsewhere. It looks like orders were actually pretty good in the quarter, but you also cautioned that China weakness is kind of weighing on the outlook. So, could you maybe unpack a little more of kind of what you're seeing in commercial HVAC in Asia, China and elsewhere?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, so I think that  and you're right, I caution because you look across our businesses and just because you asked the question, I'll go ahead and answer it, but I'll also point out that we're really surprised with the strength in Auto and Power Solutions continue to gain share and grow dramatically there in China. But when we look at the Buildings business, there does seem to be some delays and some stickiness, and it's been pretty lumpy. If you remember, we had a couple of quarters where we were down. We had a real strong quarter, I think it was fourth quarter sales secured, and so it's pretty lumpy. And I think from our standpoint, it's probably just best for us to be cautious, and that's why when we talked about our guidance, we report on the top line. It's just become pretty hard to predict as it relates to the commercial business. I would tell you, though, that one of the real surprises we had, I was looking at the Hitachi sales and our VRF sales through Hisense, our  it's an unconsolidated joint venture in China, were up dramatically versus our plan. So I think it's more of a mix issue, and I think at the high-end infrastructure level some of the commercial projects we're doing moving a little slower than we thought. But our VRF sales are higher than what we expected. So, I think we're just going to have to continue to watch it. Thank goodness that North American market just seems to be kind of chugging along and gaining a little momentum. You didn't ask the question, but I looked inside our secured for North America, and it's truly institutional. If you look at within the institutional and also commercial, which we're seeing some benefit from the CB Richard Ellis relationship, within commercial and institutional, we're seeing that outpace some of the losses that we're seeing within the, essentially the manufacturing and retail segment.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got you. Got you. Just sticking with BE on the margin side, you talked about seeing improvements in the remaining quarters after some pressure in 1Q. Is that just about investment spending moderating, or what's driving that?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So as you look  and I'll let  get Brian get into some of the details, but if you look at the margins and you get into the new segments, you'll see that our product margins are under pressure, and that's where the investments are showing up. I think what our expectation is that we had some costs that won't repeat, but we certainly have reinvested in that business purposely, and you're going to see that pressure. It'll get offset, but you'll see that pressure is going to continue to be a little bit on the product side because that's where the investments show up.
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Rob, I would just add to that. I mean, if you recall, in Q4 we took a pretty good size restructuring charge in BE. And if we look at the timing of those actions, some of those are occurring during the first quarter and we'll just get full run rate benefit for the year in the back half. So there's some improvement in margins just as a result of the timing of some of the restructuring actions we had.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got you. And then just one last one for me. The resumption of the share repurchase, does that add to the EPS target for this year versus what was factored in at the Analyst Day? Thank you.
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, at Analyst Day we had an average share outstanding of 652 million, and at that time, we indicated we were going to pause it for six months and then reevaluate. We had built into the guidance that we had given that repurchase program coming in for the entire $1 billion in the back six months of the year, and now we're doing $500 million, but instead of doing $1 billion at $50 a share, which was what we had built into our plan, we're doing $500 million at $35 a share let's say, just to pick a stock price. And the net effect of that is about a penny or so in the guidance that we gave, Rob.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got you. It benefits it by a penny.
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Actually, it's the other way, right, because we had $1 billion in shares at $50 in what we guided, and it's going to be $535 million. So I think the net effect of that's a penny going the other way.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got you. Great. Thank you.
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Jonny Wright with Nomura. Sir, your line is now open.
Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi.
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: So just going to the Auto side maybe, I mean you guys are actually putting up some strong results despite certainly from some of the investors we've talked who seem more and more concerned about the Auto cycle. I know China's benefiting a little bit from the incentives that have been put in place there. But maybe you can talk about in developed markets what you're seeing, what you're hearing from companies and kind of your outlook for the remainder of 2016?
Robert Bruce McDonald - Vice Chairman & Executive Vice President: Yeah, it's Bruce McDonald here. Yeah, I think if I just sort of run through it regionally, you're right. The incentives that we've put  that got put in place in China that last till the end of the fiscal year have been pretty effective. If just look at the production throughout our quarter, and it accelerated and it continues to be pretty strong. I think there are some questions whether or not after the Chinese New Year's here in early February whether that strength is going to continue. But for now, the production schedules that we have for China look pretty good, and I think people are feeling fairly optimistic and probably much more optimistic than people looking outside into China are feeling. The Auto sector is doing well and the stock market impact in terms of the how widespread that is, is much lower than people think. So I feel pretty good about the outlook for China for the balance of the year, probably more so than most people. In Europe, I would say, after a long period of soft volumes, we're seeing sort of double-digit increases in some of the more mature markets like, Spain, France, Italy, the UK, and Germany. Those are holding up pretty well. Our customers are doing better there. A lot of us have taken big restructurings in Europe and so I think we are positioned well, and you'll have seen that in our margins, we're positioned well to benefit from the better volumes. I'd also point out that in Europe, it's primarily where all the luxury vehicles are made for Audi, BMW, Mercedes and the demand globally for the luxury is strong and that's helping us particularly in our Interiors business and seats because there's a lot more content there. And then in North America, things are looking pretty good. We're, I would say, doing better than the industry because of the enhanced content in larger SUVs and pickup trucks, which as you know are sort of hard to keep in stock here right now. So, I don't think there's a lot of extra growth in the tank for North America this year, but we are seeing a richer mix on larger vehicles and that will be a good thing for Johnson Controls.
Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Great. Thanks for that, Bruce. And on Power Solutions, 3% growth excluding FX and the lead impact, I think you guys are looking at close to double digits. But some of the key drivers in that business, you have the China record order  record shipments in the month, the AGM up 41%  look pretty robust. Maybe what's different there versus your prior expectation and kind of how do you see that playing for the rest of the year?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, well, the numbers are so big when you get to Europe and North America. When you start talking about AGM growth at 41% and China being record sales, it doesn't  we can't get to the 9% to 10% without both mix and growth within primarily North America, I mean that's really where we need to see it. And so I think that, I mean, I think we feel good about where things are, but it's a little bit out of our control. Particularly when you start talking about the aftermarket and what the weather's going to be and what the timing of that is going to be, but that's what moves the needle when you look at North America. So I think we feel like we're in good position. A lot of it has to do with what our customers are seeing. We're not in a position we're going to gain any more share in North America and so what we really need to see is some  we need to see the weather help us out here little bit so...
Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay, guys. Just, Brian, reported free cash flow this year is $1 billion still the target?
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. Yeah, the guidance hasn't changed.
Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. Thanks guys
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jonny.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse. Sir, your line is now open.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Good morning. Thank you.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Just first a question on pricing within building efficiency. I guess firstly around  you talked about some of the private sector commercial activity maybe being a bit uneven. Have you seen any change in the ability of HVAC manufacturers to price? And then also on your margins what sort of affect do you see for price net of cost this year in BE?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're talking about based on commodities?
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah and your pricing net of commodity costs, yes.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So I actually don't have that in front of me, so I will have to get back with you and make sure I understand our net hedge position, primarily around copper. We certainly are seeing some help as it relates to our transportation costs, but I don't have an update on that. So we'll follow up on that specifically just so I don't misrepresent it. As it relates to pricing, I was talking to Bill Jackson, our President at Building Efficiency and he seems to feel pretty good that pricing has been rational and probably because we're starting to see orders increase a little bit that we're not under as much pressure, particularly in North America. I think the opposite is the truth when you get to places like China though. I think there's some pricing pressure in China.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Understood. Thanks. And then just on Hitachi, you highlighted that it's off to a good start on growth as well as perhaps margins. I just wondered when you look at that business right now, how you think about the priorities there in terms of maximizing say VRF growth in the U.S. versus making sure that you can pull up the margins through cost synergies. And maybe how much higher do think you can push those margins at Hitachi over the next couple of years?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So I think if you were going after the most important things, I mean strategically we need to be able to get our position strengthened in North America in VRF, because we're going to market now, and Hitachi wasn't in the market. So I think that strategically is going to be important. As it relates to margins, our biggest lever on margins is going to be the business that's in Brazil, and the business that's in Japan and Iraq business, which is a residential business, and that's going to be more around cost than it is going to be around growth. So there's really two answers. One the long-term, it's going to be very important for us to continue in investing. So if you looked inside we should see we're investing in our distribution, and investing in places like North America to set up our channels and our training and our support system. And then if you look at our cost plan, it really is around the residential business and focused in Japan and Brazil.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Very helpful. Thank you.
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: On the commodity question, just to address that quickly, I do have some data here. So as it relates to BE in the quarter, we did get a commodity benefit of about $3 million, $3.5 million in the quarter, and we're forecasting for the year that that number could be around $14 million but based upon current FX levels across the two or three main countries that they do business in that are impacted negatively, it's pretty much offset as it relates to our plan. So there's really no commodity benefit net-net coming through if you consider FX as well.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Mike Wood with Macquarie. Sir, your line is now open.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First, are Hitachi sales still expected to be about $3 billion for the full year? And is the lower run rate in fiscal first quarter just seasonality or is there something else there?
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, so a couple of things there. The first quarter was $525 million, and it is seasonal to some extent. I would tell you that we had guided at about $3 billion of sales and $120 million a sync and in that $3 billion of sales there was an entity that's got about $250 million of sales that we were planning on consolidating. And as we got in and looked at the underlying agreements related to the joint venture itself, we determined from accounting standpoint that we weren't going to be able to consolidate that entity. So, instead of $3 billion for the year, our revenues related to Hitachi are going to be $2.75 billion or so, and that correspond where there's about $70 million in the quarter that was impacted as well. So that $525 million was originally targeted to be about $600 million. So, we are now looking at Hitachi for the year about $2.75 billion. And, yes, the $525 million in the first quarter reflects some seasonality in that business.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I'd like to point out that the strong [exposed] you saw in China is in unconsolidated. So if you look at the topline growth, where we had the strongest sales, it happens to be  and where we saw the strength in China that was  representing earlier happens to be with Hisense which is unconsolidated.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Then approximately when should we expect to begin to see benefits of the restructuring in that resi business that you were planning?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's a great question. I think the next time we get together I'll be able to update. In fact I'll be at a steering committee meeting tonight. So I'll be able to report on that. So I'm anxious to be able to tell you what the plan is, but I want to make sure that I get it hot off the press.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Josh Pokrzywinski with Buckingham Research. Sir, your line is now open.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Josh.
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Robert Bruce McDonald - Vice Chairman & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Just to follow up on some of the BE order momentum and maybe unpacking that growth algorithm to 10%.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I'm sorry. We can't hear you.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Can guys hear me?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, go ahead.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Perfect. Just to come back to that 10% outlook for BE, obviously some puts and takes internationally, and it sounds like the bottom line is North America is still pretty solid. I guess, Alex, how do you think about North America underneath that 10%, and where does the bridge from here really need to get better to start to move closer to that? Maybe the 10% number is more aspirational just given where we started, but what needs to get better or chilled from here to start looking more achievable?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: If we continue to see the kind of momentum we have in the quarter, particularly the end of the quarter, I mean I think that at some point, in North America, I think that we can get there. I just get a little bit nervous about things that are outside our control. I mean it seems like the actual market is doing better than the financial markets, but at some point the financial markets will make their way to the investors and that  investments and that's what worries me. I'm pretty bullish on what I see in North America, with one caveat is that there is this cloud hanging around as it relates to the financial markets that just what you hope is it doesn't get our customers spooked as it relates to investments. But the institutional markets are gaining steam, which is our strength. So knock on wood, I'm hopeful to be able to report that we will continue to see that growth. Unfortunately the one thing that we were counting on that did not come back, at least didn't come back at the pace we wanted was, if you remember we got sidetracked at the end of Q4 with the federal government work, it was huge projects, and a lot of them. And we had significant impact to our backlog and to our topline because of that, and we haven't seen that come back, hopefully we'll see it at the end of this year, when it comes to that time again, but it's always been something we can count on, and I'm just not sure if we can count on it now or not.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Would that branch business look even stronger ex government this quarter?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely. The federal government  in fact earlier when I said that, I apologize, I said something about industrial  industrial and federal government together are the two ones that are off, not only where our backlog is, but we've seen that continue through the second quarter.
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, I mean just to put it in perspective, the government jobs that I referred to that are really out there that we aren't sure if they're going to now be able to execute or even if they will be awarded to JCI given some of the deferrals that are going on are in the $125 million to $150 million range in aggregate. So that certainly is a piece that we need to work through for the rest of the year here.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Got you. As I think about how that 10% broke down initially in December, it seemed like there were, if I'm recalling it right, about maybe three or four points of product  new product growth and channel penetration. How would you mark yourself against that bogie today? On track or there may be a bit of a gap there too?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: There's a gap there and when you talk to the teams, I mean there's two things that when you look at the new segments you'll be able to see that. The product growth wasn't what we expected, and the margins because the investments were a little lower. One of the things that was a challenge for us in the first quarter was that when we were going through the integration of ADTI, one of our brands, our significant brands, we relocated one of the production facilities, and I think we had a hard time catching up with deliveries. So hopefully that will fix itself a little bit, but that was one of the problems we had in the quarter.
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think with some of the product investments that we made in the first quarter, hopefully we will start to see some of that benefit in the back half of this year. But I mean just to kind of frame that you, between product investments and investments in sales resources, that number was almost $20 million in the quarter for BE, and you'll see that when you see the products North America segment data that's in the 8-K.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Got you.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: The other thing that this kind of a  to kind of pile on a little bit, the Hitachi channel work will show up in that number, too, which was  which is an investment that we have to put in place in order to get ready for sales for that particular product. So there was a significant amount of investments in the product North America business.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And just flipping over to Adient real quickly, it might be a little premature for this. I'll take a flyer. I guess with the new structure with Tyco one would imagine that Adient now comes out maybe a bit more tax advantaged than it would have otherwise pre-merger. Any way to maybe handicap what kind of tax synergies maybe versus the former imaginary case.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It's a great question. It's a really good question, and I think as we work through that, we've talked about where we are and we just don't have it finally worked out. We will have it worked out by the time we get the Form 10 and the question you have is a great question, and I think that we are sorting through that now and we certainly will have that prepared between now and the Form 10 and so at the latest we will be able to have that then which is late March, early April.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Great.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good question.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Colin Langan with UBS Securities. Sir, your line is now open.
Colin Michael Langan - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Can I just clarify  I just want to understand the power solution outlook. I mean if we take out the impact of lead prices, does the outlook on your  for that segment actually really change? I mean is the sales-that's creating a sales headwind, but dollar margins seem like they're going to look better on a percentage basis, or is there some other underlying headwind there that we should also be considering.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's the way you should think about this business. So one of the things we wanted to make sure that we pointed out was that don't give us all the credit for the 260 basis points of margin improvement, because that's not all operational because as things move around, we may not be able to continue at that level. So that's why we point that out, that we are  because that's such a big part of that pass through that it does impact our margin. But you got it right. As lead prices go down, the margins go up. It doesn't impact us. There is a timing issue that flows through our books, but other than timing, it's kind of a net zero effect dollars wise.
Colin Michael Langan - UBS Securities LLC: And in terms of the outlook for Building Efficiency sales being at risk, you named three items, you quantified some like the federal jobs are maybe 1% of your growth. I mean if all of those items are issues what is sort of the bare case that you are looking at for that from that 9% to 11%? How bad do you think it will get if all of them come together at the same time.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Probably half that number.
Colin Michael Langan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I mean I think that's probably what we see now. I mean I guess it could get worse, but if we see  kind of if you look at where we are, when we talked about it, our backlog was actually down going into the year because of the federal government work. And so what you have to  what gets a little bit difficult to predict is if the product business doesn't grow, then we are really suspect to the revenue recognition of meeting a backlog and the flow-through to the work. So even if we are secured starts moving at the rate it's been growing at, we'll still have a revenue issue, and so we need to get those orders in now.
Colin Michael Langan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Very helpful.
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: But I would tell you, we've got a contingency plan as it relates to, if that were to happen, we've got actions that we can take to ensure that we still deliver the segment income and the margins and what we've kind of put out there for our full-year guidance. So, we're working the issue relative to top line and adjusting our cost structure accordingly.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, absolutely. So our investments will certainly mirror our top-line prospects. We have not changed our commitment regardless of where we fit in that revenue as it relates to our bottom line, because the other part of this is, it's not like you can't see it coming as it relates to revenue. If our backlog doesn't improve, we're certainly not going to be able to make the investment as quickly as we planned.
Colin Michael Langan - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank. Sir, your line is now open.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Rod.
Patrick E. Nolan - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. It's actually Pat Nolan on for Rod.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Pat.
Patrick E. Nolan - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Just a similar question on Power Solutions the organic growth, the 9% to 11%. I know it's not the biggest quarter this quarter but how are you  if things are tracking pretty much in line with what you're seeing at the end of the quarter, where do you think that 9% to 11% ends up for the year? And just a housekeeping. What was the actual revenue impact from lead in the quarter?
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I'm sorry, the...
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Revenue impact on lead?
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Revenue impact on lead was about $50 million in the quarter. And as far as where the 9% to 11% could go, I guess based upon what we've seen, it could go down to 7% to 8%, yeah, but again, I would tell you that if it goes down to that level, we've got plans in place to cover. So at this point in time, whatever shortfall we might see at BE and Power, we think Auto is over-performing, and so we're very comfortable with where we are for full-year guidance.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, and remember, as it relates to any of the lead impact to top line, it's not something that we should feel from a bottom line perspective.
Patrick E. Nolan - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks, guys.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Operator, we've got time for one more.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Sir, your line is now open.
Noah Kaye - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah, thanks for taking the question. So with the Tyco merger now another major integration to manage, just wondering how, if at all, does that change your thinking about the capital allocation strategy once all these ducks are put in a row? Thank you.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Do you mean as it relates to after the...
Noah Kaye - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yes after the spinoff and the dividend receipt, the influx of cash, how could all of this change any of your thinking about capital allocation say between M&A, share repurchase?
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So I don't know that it changes anything except that we're going to have an awful lot going on. And so depending on where we are, and if you look at the cash flows that we look at, I mean, it's going to ramp up because we'll still have some trailing costs as it relates to integration moving into next year even the separation. So I think as our cash flows improve, depending on where we are with the integration, I would expect that we're going to make the right decision as it relates to whether we return that to the shareholders or make investments. I don't know that we've gotten that far, but one thing I can tell you for sure is around our dividend policy, we're both, at this point, we're both committed to making sure that at a minimum we continue the current dividend policies of both companies. And we have  just to make sure that you understand where we in the process, there's an awful lot of the stuff that we really have to continue work through. We haven't really had a lot of those conversations yet as a team. But we're going to have significant cash flow, that's for sure.
Noah Kaye - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah, if I have time for one quick follow-up just to come back to Power Solutions and specifically to AGM, 41% growth in shipments. Maybe at a high-level could you talk about your level of, let's call it, medium-term visibility over the next few years, you're significantly expanding capacity. How much of that visibility related to design-ins and customer commitments and what's sort of the right mix of aftermarket versus OE to think about? Thank you.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, that  so a great question. It's still going to be a lot more OE than aftermarket because the OE business is growing so fast. And our visibility to that is pretty high because usually it's program driven. A lot of the AGM capacity that we're talking about adding has been in China, but what we're seeing is across the board. I mean we'll be adding capacity in Europe. A lot of that is because the aftermarket is starting to happen there because we've been at it much longer. And in North America, there's actually more than aftermarket that's already there surprisingly. It's not necessarily for start-stop. It's just for enhanced performance, and in China it's really  it's an OE story. So I think it's still going to be a heavy mix for OE and I think that what we see is that most of the capacity if not almost all of it is already subscribed that we're putting in.
Noah Kaye - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Excellent. Thank you.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Alex A. Molinaroli - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So let me close out. I mean I just want to comment again. I'm not sure if you were sitting in my shoes how you couldn't feel good about the ongoing performance of the business. We continue to meet the expectations that we set not only as an overall business but within the segments, continue to improve our margins and I think our investments, particularly in BE, we're starting to see the shoots of growth and I'm pretty proud of all that that everybody's accomplishing. And hopefully you feel the same way that I do that our strategic position is improving. I think Adient is going to be an incredible competitor within the Automotive space and we're setting up to be successful. That's our plan and then if you look at the remaining Johnson Controls, not only the investments we're making now, but you look at the transformational merger that we talked about, we have an opportunity to be something really special and I think that we'll actualize that. So I hopefully have the same confidence I have and we look forward to continue reporting, achieving our near-term and our long-term plan, so thanks a lot. Have a great day.
Brian J. Stief - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-10-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Ponczak - Vice President, Global Investor Relations Alex Molinaroli - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bruce McDonald - Executive Vice President and Vice Chairman Brian Stief - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities Emmanuel Rosner - CLSA Americas LLC Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Sumit Agarwal - JP Morgan
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Questions will be taken at the end of the presentation. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have objections you may disconnect at this point. I will now have the meeting over to your host, Mr. Glen Ponczak, Vice President Global Investor Relations at Johnson Controls. Sir, please go ahead.
Glen Ponczak: Thanks, Abby [ph], and welcome everybody to the review of Johnson Controls fourth quarter fiscal 2015 earnings. If you have not already received it, you can get the slide presentation at Johnson Controls.com. Click the Investor link at the top of the page and scroll down to the Event Calendar section and you'll find the PDF there. This morning Chairman and CEO Alex Molinaroli will provide some perspective on the quarter followed by Executive VP and Vice Chairman, Bruce McDonald, who will review the business results, and then Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief, will review the company's overall financial performance. Following those prepared remarks will open the call for questions to end the top of the hour. Before we begin I like to remind you and refer you to our forward-looking statements disclosure that's in the news release and also the slide deck. We remind you that today's comments will include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to be materially different than those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include the potential impact from a planned separation of the automotive experience business and business operations after these results, required regulatory approvals that are material conditions for the proposed transaction to close, the strength of U.S. automotive economy, automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, currency exchange rate and cancellation of or changes to commercial contracts as well as other factors discussed in Johnson Controls' most recent annual report on form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2014 and Johnson Controls subsequent quarterly reports on 10-Q. The company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this presentation. And with that, I'll turn it over to Alex.
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning, everyone. I want to jump right in to slide number four. It is a busy slide, but we have been busy and I think it's indicative of all of the things that we have going on and the pride that I have in of our people. So our fourth quarter we continued most importantly with our ongoing improvement in each one of the businesses and our EPS guidance. We've made significant progress across our portfolio transformation. As we remake this company and ultimately as we create two great companies, once we spin our automotive business. In the face of some real headwinds in each one of our businesses and the company as a whole we've achieved margins in the quarter and margins for the year we've never achieved and I'm incredibly proud of our entire team. If you look at our slide four you'll see our improvements in our margin for the year is 120 basis points and our EPS improved 14% to $3.22. The slide also does a really good job of putting into context the ongoing transformational actions that we've taken up to this point. It goes back a couple of years since we began this journey and then specifically in the fourth quarter you can see we completed the sale of GWS and consummated the Hitachi joint venture. And of course the largest and most significant action that we currently have and that we've had under way is the spin of our automotive business which is planning to be spun off on October 1, 2016. If you move on to slide five, a couple of more data points already discussed: our segment margin improvements and our EPS gain but probably more importantly is the underlying health of the individual business operations. If you adjust for FX our segment sales were up 5% and our income was up 16%. Slide six. I've already talked about our record fourth quarter and key portfolio actions. I'd like to point out that these business improvements aren't happening just because everyone at Johnson Controls is working harder. We continue to work smarter. We're utilizing the principles found within our Johnson Controls operating systems and we continue to focus on managing the anticipated cost structure and the new operating models that will be necessary to run the remaining Johnson Controls and also our new automotive company independently. We are doing this simultaneously while we are able to achieve our results. I'd like to talk a little bit about our end markets in China. Bruce will talk more about this it will be happy to answer any Q&A but we do have good news. By the time we got to the end of the fourth quarter in China automotive market we were able to see that the dealer inventories began to get depleted and that sales began to move and we are actually feeling much better as we move into the fiscal year as it relates to China sales and so what we saw as a tough quarter began to get a lot better as the months went on in July, August and September. One of the important things that I've had an opportunity to see in some of the pre-reports is I'd like to talk about our VE backlog. We actually have a slide on that but first, I want to give you a takeaway. In the core of our business of selling equipment and controls through our branches is growing and because of the changing nature of our business one of the things that's become more and more important for us is that as we become product and distribution dependent our backlog - and I will give you more color on this in a slide or two - is becoming less and less of the most important metric. Certainly our sales are important, but if you look at revenues they've continued to increase even though we have a backlog that's been under pressure. It has to do with the mix of our business. I'm also incredibly excited to talk about the fact that we have our Hitachi deal done and simultaneously we have already released our VRF product, one of the leading VRF products in the world. We've already put ourselves into a leadership position in China and in Asia and now, we've released that product for sale and have already begun selling the product in North America. If you look at our battery business specifically, if you want to look across the region, but if you look at our AGM sales we will talk about that in more detail but essentially we are selling every battery that we can make and those sales are incredibly robust. Moving on to slide seven. On slide seven you can say we've put it into the quarter's perspective. We've had another strong quarter and if you look at our 150 basis points of margin improvement within our segments, it's something that we continue to be proud of and I guess the context I would like to keep that in is that we've done this quarter after quarter over the last couple of years and we continue to see improvements in all of our businesses and our ability to execute. On slide eight, it's a complicated slide but I think it's really important because it seems to be one of the things that is giving people pause about where we are in our performance and our continuing here. I'm actually very pleased about what's happening with building efficiency. If you look at our building efficiency orders, Europe and Asia were down and we expected that but what we are really surprised at is at the end of the quarter and in September - which is usually a very large month for us for the Federal Government; there were some political realities that were the case and still the case specifically in September around the continued resolution - all orders for the Federal Government business in North America were down 37%. That all actually really happened in the month of September. Hopefully some of this work will come back over the next few months and that assumes a constructive resolution in Congress around the federal budget, but this one is out of our control. As you think about us and you think about our orders moving forward, our pipeline is robust. We expected to have a much different set of numbers. The Federal Government continued resolution discussion and challenged us with something that caught us by surprise that was outside of our control. If we look at it and take it in context, orders and branches were up 4%. If you look at our pipeline, that's 4% over the year if you look at our pipeline, going forward, we still continue to see single digit growth in our pipeline moving forward. The other thing that's important to note is that in the past, backlog was always an important measure of our business and building efficiency. And it was because our dependency on our branch and projects business. As you all know, people that have followed us in the past, three quarters of our future sales usually came through our backlog and it was a good predictive measure. Since we've made our acquisition of ADTI, we've increased our distribution sales and now with the inclusion of Hitachi joint venture moving forward, that backlog information as we become less and less connected certainly correlates and it's important to have a backlog. But it will be less important as we talk about our sales moving forward. Our truck way sales were up over 4% for the year our distribution sales were up, the ADTI sales were also up. All of those things are not reflected in our backlog. You can see that if you look at the disconnect between our sales number or our actually revenue number and what our backlog numbers were in the past. One thing that's not on the slide that I would really like to point out is that the pull-through activity that's happening with CB Richard Ellis, something we probably should bring more focus on in the future and I think it's something that should become a topic, is something we are pleased with. It's actually started quicker than we thought. It actually began before we even closed the deal. A lot of that probably won't flow through our backlog either because it's dealing with individual customers and individual facilities. But we're seeing a real uptake in orders in a very large pipeline and backlog of opportunities. I'd like to talk a little bit about our growth opportunities and just give you some examples. If you go to slide nine, we are in the midst of launching many, many products expanding our channels. I'd like to talk about a couple of our products that we've introduced over the last quarter. Specifically, around our residential and light commercial business. You see the Champion LX series. We also upgraded and enhanced our flagship security product offering which is the P2000 Access Control System. And we've also launched some online tools for our residential contractors to help them be more effective and efficient and able support the consumers more effectively. End power solutions, we announced a new plant to be built in China in Shenyang, six million units and we debuted in Frankfurt a new generation of advanced start stop products that include both active in lead acid and lithium ion chemistries. In China we also signed an MOU with DAIC to support them and their partners for their growing needs for start stop batteries. Finally we recently formally announced our lithium ion distribution energy storage solution. We've already have presold and actually installed some of these systems and it's a launch we're actually leveraging the technology that we have from building efficiency with the distribution resources we have. I'm sorry, with the technology at power solutions and leveraging the distribution that we have at building efficiency. Moving on to slide 10 and automotive, lots of new products and launches. If you look at some of the product launches we have within our automotive business we continue to provide new products for our customers, personalization products that are becoming more and more important for new a generation of customers. We've launched our BMW 7 series in the Czech Republic, our core product portfolio and our mechanism family, very important part of our strategy moving forward. Our T-3000 recliner and our Hydro adjuster being released globally for multiple customers. And then Frankfurt we unveiled a new seat in interior technology talking about the future when we talk about autonomous driving. Obviously autonomous driving and the new technology going into vehicles will play a big part of our seating business in the future. Lastly before I turn it over to Bruce, I'd just like to point out that we have an incredible momentum in each one of our businesses. And we're going to continue to focus on our operational excellence through our Johnson Control's operating system, improving margins, lowering our cost and increasing our quality. And we will do that in the same time we go through our automotive spend activities. Our pipeline of investments is strong, and if I think about what's happening with our ACE separation, and you'll get more color on this when we see you in December. We're on track, on schedule, on task and this time next year we'll be talking about two powerful new companies. So I think that overall if I look at our progress over the last two years, we're well on our way to be the - to = be a leading multi-industrial company. With that, Bruce? You take this from here.
Bruce McDonald: All right. Well thank you, Alex. And I think as I go through the business operations you're going to - what you're going to see is despite the fact that we've had a lot going on from a portfolio perspective, that our business leaders and all the people at the company have really been focused on delivering solid year-over-year results here. So if we start on slide 12, we were really pleased with building efficiencies results here in the fourth quarter. You can see sales of $2.9 billion were approximately the same as they were last year. Though stripping out foreign exchange, we had organic revenue growth of 5%. In North America Systems and Service, our business was up 6% year-over-year and we saw good strength in our Branch business, though that was offset by some of the softness in the Federal Government business that Alex talked about earlier in his comments. We finally saw - we've been talking a lot this year about the Middle East. We finally ran up against some more favorable comps, so Middle East business were up nearly 54%, Asia was level with the prior year, Europe was down 3% and Latin America, which continues to be very, very soft, was down 16%. If you look at our segments earnings in the quarter, $351 million. We're up 5%. And as we've noted here on our slide, backing out foreign exchange, it was up 8%. The year-over-year improvement would really be due to higher volumes and favorable price and product mix. The margins, which was a real strong story in the quarter, up - were up to 12.1%, a 60 basis point improvement versus last year. I would point out that this was the first quarter where ADT - the ADT acquisition has been in both sets of numbers, so that business, you'll recall, closed in June of last year. So this quarter we had a clean comparable quarter from a year-over-year basis, so the incremental benefit of ADT isn't what drove the numbers here. It was really just business performance. And then lastly I would just note for the full year, BE margins were up about 70 basis points, so I think we're pretty pleased that despite the fact that we saw some currency headwinds and some of the markets didn't recover like we thought they were going to going into this year, the business delivered segment margin improvement of about 70 basis points, which was about 20 basis points better than the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year for building efficiency. Turning to slide 13, in power solutions for the fourth quarter, our sales were down 6%. Though again adjusting for foreign exchange, we saw organic growth of 3%. In terms of unit shipments in the quarter, we're up about 1%. Europe and North America were each up 1%. Asia was up about 4%. AGM continues to be a huge benefit and you can see our growth is accelerating here in the quarter. We were up 44% to just under 2.9 million units. And then if you look at our mix between aftermarket and OE, aftermarket was up about 1% globally and OE was up 2%. Segment income in the quarter, you can see nice improvement, up 5% to $340 million. And again if you took out the impact of foreign exchange, we would've been up about 11% on a year-over-year basis. And an exceptionally strong margin performance in the quarter, up about 200 basis points to 20.2% I would just caution folks that, that's not - that level of margin improvement, while we're pleased with it, it is not something that's sustainable. So we don't see our business continuing to sort of grow at that level. So the 160 basis point improvement for this year, we sort of went into the year guiding to 50 basis points to 60 basis points of improvement on a year-over-year basis. The power solutions team, in the face of some of the headwinds that they had around foreign currency, I mean just did a great job for us. And then lastly on page 14, I'll just talk a little bit about automotive. As Alex mentioned in his comments, our interiors joint venture closed at the beginning of the quarter on July 2, so this is the first quarter that we are reporting our automotive results showing interiors as an equity investment, in other words our interiors business is de-consolidated. So when you look at our sales and we'll will see this for the next three quarters, our sales were down 21% in automotive, though if you were to back out the impact of foreign exchange and the de-consolidation of interiors, our organic growth in automotive was 3%. That is slightly lower than the industry production environment where we're up about 5% in North America and Europe. The reason for that really being some business discipline and recording process primarily in North America. In China, you will see, and here you'll see a bigger number now we're talking about our sales being up about $2.3 billion, up about 27%. That's because we are now picking up the Chinese portion of the Yanfeng joint venture here. If you were to sort of adjust for that what you would see in China was our underlying sales were down about 3% and that compares a little bit favorably to the industry production environment which was down about 5%. Spending a bit time on our interiors joint venture which closed in the quarter I would say we were pleased with how that business has started out. The numbers are looking pretty good there, from a topline perspective. I looked at the sales in the quarter, about $2 billion, so they were down about 2%, 2% or 3% versus the prior year. Though if you looked at that by region you'd see quite a different story. In our interiors business North America was up 14%. Europe was at about 16% really as a result of some of the new business launches we had. And then China was down 16%. So pretty mixed picture from a topline perspective in interiors. In China, it has been a hot topic lately. I know there's a lot of comments about what's going on in the market and I thought maybe I could share some perspective. I personally was in China three times in the last four months so maybe I could just comment on some of the things we're seeing and some of the discussions that we are having with our partners and customers. First of all, I would tell you the passenger car market, which is where we tend to compete, is holding up better than the other overall market. Though in the quarter it wasn't a big difference, about down 4% versus 6%. We have very little content on the light commercial vehicles so we are primarily exposed to the passenger car side. Many of our customers cut production in the quarter significantly more than sales, which led to inventory de-stocking. We continue to see the SUV and luxury car segment doing very well on a year-over-year basis and right now the market is in a little bit of a transition where the Chinese own brands are picking up shares at the expense of some of the transplant customers. I would also commend our joint ventures on doing a great job in flexing their cost base down in light of lower production and to give you a feel for that, if you were to look at our China seating business in the quarter, the equity income was a $5 million year-over-year decline. So even though our sales were down 3% the impact to our bottom line here at JCI level was about five million. So a nice job flexing the cost base. And then lastly as Alex talked about we did see production improve sequentially throughout the quarter and as you sort of look at this dealer inventory level stabilizing here and with some of the benefits that we expect to see as some of the government incentives kick in on small vehicles. We do see double-digit scheduling, production schedule increases ramping up here into the first quarter of last calendar quarter here. So I'm pretty optimistic that the worst is behind us here in China and we're going to start to see modest to mid-single digit type growth. Lastly I'll just comment on segment income, which was up about 4% after adjusting for the adverse impact of foreign currency in the quarter. If you look at the margins, our margins were about 6%, 120% basis points higher than last year and here we are really starting to see the benefit of some of the restructuring actions that we've taken over the last year or so. And then the benefits we're getting in our plans from the introduction of Johnson Control's outputting system. Maybe I would just point out, I've seen in some of the early notes a little bit of confusion around the margins, and what the segment margin expectation was in automotive and maybe just give a little color there. As it relates to interiors, we showed segment income of about $10 million, which was down I think from $40 million the prior-year. Just a few things I would point out there. What you are saying in that line item is the after-tax income from our Yanfeng joint venture. Previously, that number would have been a pre-tax number, so that's worth about 15% or 20% is sort of the effective tax rate in that joint venture. We've also got about $10 or $12 million of separation related cost in the JV. So that's the cost of setting up new IT systems and things like that. And then lastly what you see in that line item is the wind down cost that we have with some of the retained plants. That's a loss and we expect that's going to continue for the next three to four quarters. So overall, a solid performance from automotive. A solid performance from all three of the businesses and with that, Brian, I'll will turn it over to you and the financials.
Brian Stief: Okay. Thanks, Bruce, and good morning everyone. As you saw the press release and as outlined in the appendix to today's slide deck, the Q4 results from continuing operation include five significant non-operational items which resulted in a net charge of $1.04 in the quarter. And I'd like to touch quickly on those five items. First of all we had a non-cash mark-to-market pension and post-retirement charge of $422 million. The way to think about that and I think we've mentioned this before about half of that roughly relates to the fact that we had to adopt some new mortality tables in the pension calculations and that caused right at about $200 million impact tax. And then there was also with the August and September investment returns, we got hit hard in those two months and we ended up for the entire year having about a $200 million difference between expected investment returns and our actual returns. So all a 420 charge. Secondly, we had a restructuring charge in the fourth quarter just short of $4 million that related primarily to the automotive business and then some non-cash impairment charges we took as well. The third item would be a gain from the formation of interior's joint venture that Bruce referred to. That net gain was $145 million. Interiors is reported in our continuing operations but we've excluded that 145 from what I'll talk about this morning. We also have as we have in prior quarters the transaction integration and separation cost associated with all of our portfolio actions that we're taking. And the last item would be net tax expense charge that was taken as a result of the tax effects of the previous four charges or credits that I mentioned as well as planning around foreign cash repatriation that was done in connection with a couple of the transactions. So as I talk through the financials this morning, I'll exclude those items from my comments and also remember that in the current year, GWS has been reported as a discontinued operation and we've done that on a comparable basis in fiscal 2014 and you may recall as well, electronics as a discontinued operation in 2014 also. Last item that Bruce mentioned was the formation of the auto interiors joint venture which was formed on July 2. So we de-consolidated that in the quarter and we now maintain a 30% equity interest in that venture. So as I go through the income statement movements I will refer back to the impact of the interior de-consolidation. So overall, fourth quarter sales were down 12% at $8.7 billion, but that was due to the de-consolidation of the interiors business which was $900 million and unfavorable foreign exchange of $600 million really across all three of our businesses and that was primarily the euro. Excluding the impact of those two items, consolidated sales were up 3% and up across all three of our businesses. Gross profit for the quarter was 19.6% which is up 160 basis points from last year. We really see the continued benefits of the shift in product mix as well as the ongoing benefits we are seeing in the Johnson Control's operating system initiatives. SG&A was down 12% year-over-year. Again this was due primarily to foreign exchange and the de-consolidation of the interiors joint venture, and we also had some benefits from certain of the cost reduction actions that we've taken beginning in the fourth quarter here and as we move into fiscal 2016. Equity income of $105 million was 14% lower than last year, and that was due to the fact that in the prior year, we did have an equity interest gain related to one of our joint ventures. In the current year, the Interiors joint venture income of $10 million that Bruce referred to, which is an after-tax number. That was offset by some shortfalls and certain of our Chinese Auto Seating joint ventures. Overall, fourth quarter segment margins were 10.7% or 150 basis points better than 2014. So really strong operational performance across all three of our businesses. During turning to slide 16, financing charges of $73 million were $7 million higher than the prior-year quarter. That was really the function of average debt levels were a bit higher this year throughout the year. As far as the tax rate, both 2014 and 2015 have an underlying tax rate of roughly 19%. And if you look at income from - attributable to non-controlling interests, that's down $12 million, and that really relates to some of the reductions that we've seen in earnings at our Automotive consolidated joint ventures as well as the deconsolidation of the Interiors business. So overall, EPS of $1.04 is a record, up 7% versus the $0.97 of a year ago. Turning to page 17, I'd like to just spend a few minutes on some balance sheet and cash flow highlights, and then spend a couple minutes also on our Q1 guidance for fiscal 2016. So during the year, we executed share repurchases of $1.4 billion. In that $1.4 billion, of that, $400 million was in the fourth quarter. And we also paid throughout fiscal 2015 about $700 million in dividends to our shareholders. So at this point in time if you look at our share repurchase program, we've executed on about $2.6 billion of our $3.6 billion authorized level. GWS divestiture proceeds in the quarter were at $1.4 billion. And if you think about where we really use that cash, we had about $400 million in tax audit settlements. And just as a point of reference, that $400 million that was paid really closed out about 33 or 34 open tax years in the United States, Germany and Mexico. And it's going to be - it's a positive thing as we move toward the Auto spin as well. We also made some voluntary pension contributions of about $400 million, and of course, the Hitachi joint venture that Alex referred to that closed on October 1, that was about $550 million in cash. So that's kind of the way to think about the GWS divestiture proceeds. As we move into 2016, our balance sheet remains strong, with net debt to cap of 36.7%, which is about 400 basis points better than last quarter and comparable to 35.7% that existed at the end of fiscal 2014. Net debt is $6 billion at 9/30/15 and reflects a net debt reduction in the quarter of about $1.3 billion. And our adjusted cash flow for the year was about $1.4 billion as we've outlined in the appendix to the deck. Capital spending of $1.1 billion was $200 million below plan, and that was primarily due to timing and some deferred projects at Power Solutions and BE. As far as fiscal 2016 guidance, our strong fourth quarter provides us good momentum as we enter the year, and we expect earnings per share in Q1 of $0.80 to $0.83, which is up 8% to 12% from $0.74 last year. I would point out that this guidance, consistent with our practice this year, does exclude transaction, integration and separation costs. And I would just note that given the size and complexity of the AE separation and spinoff, the separation costs in fiscal 2016 will likely be significant and we'll provide some more color around a range of those costs in the December meeting. Also in the December analyst meeting, we will provide more details on the full year guidance. And with that, Glen, I will turn it over to you.
Glen Ponczak: Great. Thanks, Brian. Abby, I think we're ready to take calls here. I don't know how many are in the queue here, but just so that we give more people a chance, if you can keep it to a main question and a follow-up. And then if you've got more, get back into the queue, that would be helpful. And, Abby, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Robert Barry. Your line is now open, sir.
Robert Barry: Hey, guys. Thank you. Good morning.
Alex Molinaroli: Morning, Robert.
Bruce McDonald: Good morning.
Robert Barry: Yeah. I guess I wanted to start on the Building business in North America. I mean it looks like the orders slowed. I guess a lot of that was the government. The comps also got a lot tougher. So maybe can you just update us on how you feel about the momentum and kind of the key nonres verticals for the Nonres Applied business? And specifically on that government piece, I mean things are looking a little brighter on a budget deal. I mean how much line of sight do you feel you have to a kind of book of government business that could flow through if in fact things move forward with the contemplated deal?
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. That's a great question. Well first, I hope it came through in my comments. It was a very frustrating - literally because of the - because of when the end of the fiscal year happened. I believe it was like over the weekend, a lot of this came to light at the very, very end, as it relates to the continued resolution and what that meant to the different agencies we do business with. They actually didn't realize that they were going to be curtailed because of the uncertainty. So you're right, the budget looks like it's going to get resolved. We're not sure what the resolution exactly is going to be. We would expect some of these projects to come back soon. But we also know that some of them may not come back right away because a lot of these projects are the type of projects that come at the end of the year when agencies find that they have additional funds in their budget. So I think it's going to be a mixed bag of us being able to get some of these projects in earlier than waiting for the end of the year. But it certainly wasn't something that we expect. The good news on any of this, if there's any, is that these projects typically are very large and very, very slow moving, so that's not going to have a real huge impact on us this year. But it was disappointing because we have such a strong pipeline and such a lot of momentum in that business. The team was just really deflated when they were kind of dealt this curveball here over that weekend. But the pipeline is as strong as it was when we talked about it two quarters ago. And last quarter, what we see is secured pipeline. It looks very strong, particularly in all - in the institutional vertical markets. We continue to add salespeople, and so I think what we're going to - we'll continue to see growth. I would consider - I think what I hope everyone takes away from this is this is not a change. What this is was something that was just something we couldn't predict and for us we do an awful lot of business with the federal government, so it was a significant blow to us. But I'm just as strong, if not more bullish because if you look at where, we talked about one quarter, and then two quarters and three quarters and I think we're - our line of sight is over the next couple quarters, we should continue to see strong orders.
Robert Barry: Gotcha. And maybe just a question on the Power business. Really two questions. If you could address the slowdown in the growth in the aftermarket? And then on the margin in Power, can you kind of bridge that gap between the guide of 50 bps and the 150 bps that you did? And to what extent specifically was there any change in planned investment spending that caused that much stronger performance in Power? Thanks.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. Yeah. I don't know that it was planned investment spending. I do think that what we can't predict at the end of each and every quarter is when - how our customers are going to order - get it where they get ready for - as they get ready for the winter months. What I would expect, in fact I was with one of our customer yesterday, is what I would expect is that some of the profits that we saw in this quarter may have been in a different year next quarter, so I think it's a little fungible quarter-to-quarter. But as it relates to the slowdown in the aftermarket, I think what our team is seeing overall - let's use North America I guess as the best proxy. Is they're seeing a 3% to 4% growth. And in fact our team would tell you right now they're struggling to get batteries to be prepared for the winter. We're really concerned about our service levels so absent whatever is going to happen with the weather I can't really control that. Our biggest challenge right now is to make sure that we do have batteries to be prepared. So I think that's good. And then AGM as far as where we are on that is we are capacity constrained. We're building as fast as we possibly can and hopefully we have to get through the allocation. All in all a positive
Brian Stief: Yeah.
Bruce McDonald: I think one point around the investment, we are opening up our plant in China, our partnership AGM batteries out of China. So there is going to start to be some heavier investment in China next year versus this year around some of those new capacity adds.
Alex Molinaroli: That's true. Yeah. I did see actually - that's a good point, Bruce. I did see in some of the forecast that we have some launch costs in China specifically and as we start to use our global network for batteries, we probably are going to have some additional expense cost as we move batteries around versus capital cost.
Robert Barry: How much of a headwind is that?
Bruce McDonald: We'll talk more in December.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah.
Bruce McDonald: We'll give you more detail around...
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. I really don't - I really - I guess with the numbers I saw, I really don't know if I got to the root cause of it. It's not something that to be concerned about.
Robert Barry: Okay. Thank you
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Julian Mitchell. Your line is now open, sir.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Thank you.
Alex Molinaroli: Hi. Good morning.
Julian Mitchell: Good morning. Just a question on the segment margins within building efficiency. You had a good increase in Q4 and through the year. Just wondered if you could parse out at all how much of that was driven by price net of raw material costs? And how the hedging works and what kind of benefit you think you'll see in Q1 from that effect?
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. This is Bruce here. You kind of broke up a little bit. I don't have - and we usually don't like to talk about pricing versus commodity but commodities would have been a benefit with them trending down throughout the quarter but I would say equally that's not unique to Johnson Controls and so our competition would've been faced with the same tailwinds there and that tends to be reflected in how people look at quoting. So I don't think it's a big deal. I mean I think probably the best way to think about it is we've pretty consistently said that we see our glide path in BE margins around 50 basis points a year. When sales tend to be soft, we tend to do a little bit better job because we don't have to sort of ramp up resources in advance of new business. We are adding salespeople. I mean I think we talked about that a little bit on our last quarterly call but it would really be and if we have flat topline performance, we can do a little bit better than the 50 basis points. When we start to see it turn, you probably see a little bit worse than 50 basis points. So that's kind of the best way to think about it.
Alex Molinaroli: I'd just add to that. I think in the fourth quarter the building efficiency team did a pretty good job of addressing early on some actions it was going to take from an SG&A standpoint and there was a benefit in the fourth quarter from some of those actions that they were able to accelerate versus some of the other actions that relate to the restructuring charge we took in the fourth quarter likely won't happen until sometime during fiscal 2016. So there was a bit of a benefit there as well.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you. And then just my follow-up question is on the Asian business within building efficiency. Yeah. The revenues were flat at currency orders down slightly. I think China is a pretty high-margin business for you in that segment so maybe just give some color on not the auto side but what you're seeing on the building side in China right now.
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. So let me give this a little bit of that. I don't want to call victory. Bruce's conversations around the automotive business I think is something because of our unique relationships that we have. We probably had more visibility into exactly what's going to happen. I can tell you we got more positive comments but I would call it anecdotal versus something that in automotive where we would see something more structural happening. So the phone calls have been better. The anecdotes have been better but I certainly don't think we're out of the woods yet in China as it relates to the building business. Now all that being said, remember we just went through the Hitachi joint venture. So our presence in China has changed dramatically. We have a new party at Hycincs in China. We participate much more broadly in the market and I think we have the opportunity to see some increases because of that new participation and new products that we can cross sell. But we haven't really identified that. So I think that we may be able to do better than the market as we move forward because we have new products that we can sell through with multiple channels
Julian Mitchell: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Emmanuel Rosner. Your line is open.
Emmanuel Rosner: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning
Emmanuel Rosner: Wanted to ask you first about the automotive spin off. So if I heard you right I think it's scheduled for a about year from now, which obviously is a decent amount of time. I was curious if you could just give us some color on I guess what does the process look like? What do you have to accomplish in order to be able to get that done? Why does it take so long? But also, how do you reassure clients and customers, the auto makers in particular that about the future? I mean, some of your sitting competitors seem to imply that they are taking advantage of the uncertainty and they're getting more business as a result. So what can you do over that time period to sort of like make everybody more comfortable?
Alex Molinaroli: I'm going to turn this over to Bruce because he's so deeply into this, but I just want to address that last piece as it relates to what our competitors may or may not be saying. I'm not privy to that but I think that that's probably - I actually think that our position with our competitor is probably more about the fact that the way we manage the business today, not about who we're going to be tomorrow. Because if you think about how we manage the business today, we've very selective in the way that we allocate capital and how we compete within the Automotive business, particularly the Seating business in North America and Europe. That doesn't necessarily mean the way that Bruce and his team will run it in the future. So I think that when you hear our competition talk about it it's probably less to do about the spend and more to do about the fact that as a whole Johnson Controls has had a capital allocation strategy that may have benefited. That's the only way that I can relate to that comment. But as far as how they spend is going and why it takes so long I think Bruce probably has a couple of facts that he can give you.
Bruce McDonald: Well, it's taking longer than I would like to happen but I think just to sort of walk you through sort of the main work streams. First of all and probably the most complicated is the separation and establishment of new corporate entities. So unlike say a divestiture where we're pretty used to say carving something out and selling it and have had a fair amount of experience over the last couple years doing that. Here we have to do all the separation work but also set up the corporate functions starting from scratch. And so that's a big work stream. The IT systems are always a challenge and again, we're used to sort of separating them out and automotive tends to be fairly separate here at Johnson Controls. There's not a lot of co-mingled systems or assets. But again, on the corporate side, we have to set up brand new systems from scratch. So that's kind of - what really drives the timing. I think if you look like we have, Emmanuel, in terms of how long some of these spinoffs tend to take, as we looked out in the market, we've seen sort of nine month would be a quick one, 9 or 10 months to 18 to 24 months would be a slow one. And we tend to be I think given the size of it nearly $20 billion, 35 countries, we have 225 plants, 75,000 employees. So in the scheme of it I would say we're a large complex separation and I think the timetable that we've established is pretty aggressive given the complexity. I mean, I would say it's on the shorter end of normal and it's on the much more difficult than normal.
Emmanuel Rosner: Okay. That's helpful. And then just my follow up on automotive again. I guess the margin came maybe a little bit lower than we would have expected. And I realize there's a lot of moving pieces now because obviously the denominator is just a consolidated sales but on the numerator you have the consolidated earnings, you have now the interior earnings, you have the China earnings that are not consolidated. Can you maybe give us directional comment on how the performance for margins was for these different pieces? North America and Europe filling up down and then China filling in the interiors?
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. I don't have it on the top of my head. I think and maybe we can follow this one up, Emmanuel, but I'd say just look at that seating margins were up 90 basis points in the quarter, 5.9% versus 5% last year. Interiors, in my comments I talked about some of the noise that's in their around the wind down cost, the fact that it's flipping from pre-tax number to post-tax number now. The fact that we've got cost to set up the new joint venture flowing through those numbers. So you're quite right, there's a lot of noise. We do intend next year to continue to show seating and interior separate. And I think as we sort of hit our stride on getting the JV set up here, I think it's up to us to maybe do a bit better job educating folks on what the interior piece of it is going to look like, because I think that's where the confusion is coming about. I think the street had auto margins being about 70 or 80 basis points higher than we came in at. And I think that was because they sort of looked at last year's segment income in interiors and figured that would repeat. And that's where you see the 30 million year-over-year delta. So I think there is a lot of moving points and it's something that we can do a better job, and we will in Q1.
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. I think one of the things that we'll do as part of the December analyst day is we'll kind of unpack both the consolidated and unconsolidated automotive sales and related margins. So we'll get into that in a bit more detail in December.
Emmanuel Rosner: All right. Thank you all.
Bruce McDonald: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Richard Kwas. Your line is now open, sir.
Rich Kwas: Hi. Good morning.
Alex Molinaroli: Hi, Richard.
Bruce McDonald: Good morning.
Rich Kwas: Alex, I wanted to touch base on your comment about backlog. So GWS wasn't included in backlog, and resi and the light commercial stuff. And you're implying that backlog is going to be less relevant. But if I look at the business as a whole, GWS wasn't part of it. So why is backlog less relevant going forward here? I understand the ADT piece. That's now in the business. That's not part of backlog. But it just seems like from an institutional standpoint, your mix hasn't changed all that much. So it still should be pretty relevant. So I just wanted to get some additional color from you on that.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. I guess what I would say is first off, as I thought about GWS, I never really thought about it in the context of being part of the BE and the construction projects. What I mean by that is that the way that we're going to market, the way that we're selling our products, whether it be ADTI, whether it be our Hitachi products, whether it be our strengthening of the other products that go through distribution not only in North America but around the world, we've gone through a place where 75% of our business used to be backlog ex, not including GWS. Just separate GWS out. Now it's something that's around 50% or less and probably continuing to be less and less. And so what I just wanted to say is that over time, we're going to have to make sure that we don't - that we continue to give you the information that you want to see around our projects and our projects business moving forward. But our projects business moving forward will continue to be important, but it won't be the dominant part of our business in the future. And so that's really what the comment means. In fact, you can see our ongoing sales have continued to increase adjusted for FX, and our backlog has been under pressure. And so I'm just pointing out that that's becoming more and more disconnected. That's it.
Rich Kwas: Okay. So is that more kind of differences in how you've gone to market here in the past year or so with new opportunities and what not?
Alex Molinaroli: Absolutely. I think it speaks to when we talk about having multiple channels, multiple ways to getting to the market and serving the market more broadly than just the complex market and becoming much more of a product company. I think all of these things, this whole conversation is really an outcome or an attribute of how we're going to go to market and what kind of products we're going to sell. We'll become more and more talking about our product sales and less and less pivoting on the contracting part of our business. That's all.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then [indiscernible]
Alex Molinaroli: Not that we're restricting the [indiscernible].
Bruce McDonald: We're not getting rid of it. I don't want to go over it. I'm just saying the mix is changing. That's all.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then just broadly speaking on M&A, there's been some speculation around the business that would fit the power solutions here recently and you talked about trying to expand your scale in the midmarket light commercial residential, et cetera. How are you thinking about this right now with the transactions? There's still work to do with some transactions but how are you thinking about the landscape right now and where you see capital deployment going here within the next year or so?
Alex Molinaroli: Great question. So we're going to talk about - this is a good pivot to talk about our December analyst day. We're going to have, you know, all of these conversations are going to be in real detail because one of the things you should expect from us is that I don't think we've done a great job. I do think our capital allocation strategy has become much more robust in the last couple of years but I think philosophically we need to talk more about that. We'll do that in December. How are we going to make these decisions? What process and insight analytics and what metrics are we going to use? Not only what parts of our business need to be levered because they have strength as it relates to adding geography and technologies but also where we have gaps and how we would do that and what kind of metrics we'd be? Because I've gotten a lot of feedback from individuals I'm sure, you also, to make sure that we continue with a disciplined capital allocation strategy and we'll talk about that in December. So I think that you should keep that in mind understanding that we know that we need to add capabilities and take advantage of some of our portfolio to make it stronger. We also have realized that we need to make responsible capital allocation choices. More in December.
Rich Kwas: Okay. Thank you.
Alex Molinaroli: Thanks, Richard. We have time for one more, operator.
Operator: Okay, speakers. Our next question is from Ryan Brinkman. Your line is now open, sir.
Sumit Agarwal: Hi. This is Sumit for Ryan. Thanks for squeezing us in. I just want to go back to the sleeping margins. You've seen a good increase in the margins. I'm just curious where are you on the restructuring savings and should we be expecting that margin improvement to be sustainable or are the margins going to flatten out going in FY 2016?
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. It's Bruce here. I think it would be normal for us here in December. We'll give our margin expectations by business for all three of our businesses in December. So that's - and sort of hold off on that.
Sumit Agarwal: Okay. Can you just share your thoughts on where you are on the restructuring process in terms of the getting savings there?
Bruce McDonald: Restructuring for the company?
Alex Molinaroli: For seating.
Sumit Agarwal: For the seating. Yeah.
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. Well it plays right into the margins so I think we'll just leave that until the December meeting.
Sumit Agarwal: That's fine and just a follow-up. Thanks for your comments on the China market regarding automotive. Just curious, again, if you're seeing any delay in new programs or new launches coming to the market because of the slow down or is that really something that's not playing out at all?
Alex Molinaroli: I think I would say not so much on any launches at this point in time but I do think there are a couple of OEs that are rethinking or possibly going to defer some capacity increases.
Sumit Agarwal: Okay. Great. Thanks for taking our questions. Thank you.
Alex Molinaroli: Thanks very much.
Bruce McDonald: Thank you.
Glen Ponczak: So thanks everybody. Couple closing comments, Alex?
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. Just a couple. I mean, first, it's become an enjoyable broken record to thank our employees for everything that they've accomplish over the last quarter and now you got the opportunity to thank them for what we've accomplished over the last year. It's quite outstanding. I certainly don't want to leave anyone out when I think about whatever our employees accomplished in each one of our businesses. They performed extremely well in each one of our geographies depending on what they've faced. They face with different challenges and opportunities and I think we've got opportunities. We've exploited them and I think where we had challenges we went over to mitigate those challenges. And then if you look at our corporate teams and our teams that are supporting our portfolio transformation, not much can be said except I think each one of these transactions and each one of the things that we've accomplished I feel absolutely proud of what we've been able to make happen, not only from the standpoint of the time that it took to do it but the outcomes. We hopefully get to see everyone in New York in December. I think it's going to be an important meeting, one of the most important meetings we've ever had in New York because we're going to talk about the remaining Johnson Controls and our strategy moving forward. So we'll bring more and more clarity around that. We're going to give you details around the automotive spin, which I think there is a need for everyone to understand that so it can help you put the right values down in your models as you move forward. And once again I just want to thank you for your interest and hope you have a great day. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-07-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Ponczak - Vice President, Global Investor Relations Alex Molinaroli - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bruce McDonald - Executive Vice President and Vice Chairman Brian Stief - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Emmanuel Rosner - CLSA Colin Langan - UBS Robert Barry - Susquehanna International Group, Josh Pokrzywinski - Buckingham Research Johnny Wright - RBC Capital Markets Brian Johnson - Barclays Capital Pat Nolan - Deutsche Bank Joe Spak - RBC Capital Markets Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Todays call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this point. Now, I will turn the meeting over to your host, Mr. Glen Ponczak. Sir, you may begin.
Glen Ponczak: Thanks, Ashley and welcome everybody to the call to review Johnson Controls third quarter fiscal 2015 earnings. If you have not received the slide presentation, you can access it at johnsoncontrols.com. Click on the Investor link at the top of the page and then scroll down to the Events calendar section. This morning Chairman and CEO, Alex Molinaroli will provide some perspective on the quarter and review some of the details on this mornings announcement regarding the planned spin-off of our Automotive Experience business. He will be followed by Executive Vice President and Vice Chairman, Bruce McDonald, who will review of the business unit results and then Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief will review the companys overall financial performance. Following those prepared remarks, well open the call for questions and we are scheduled to end at the top of the hour. Before we begin, Id like to refer you to our full forward-looking statements disclosure and the news release. You can also find it in the slide deck and remind you that todays comments will include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Those factors include potential impacts of the planned separation of the Automotive Experience business and business operations, assets or results. Required regulatory approvals that are material conditions for proposed transactions to close, the strength of U.S. or other economies, automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, availability of raw materials and component products, currency exchange rates and cancellation or changes to commercial contracts, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part I of Johnson Controls most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2014. Johnson Controls disclaims any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this presentation. And with that, I will turn it over to Alex.
Alex Molinaroli: Alright. Good morning, everyone. I want to start by recognizing the fact that our employees, once again I feel like a broken record and its fantastic to be able to say that our employees continue to deliver in an environment that externally has some mix markets and we will talk about that a bit, but probably more importantly for us through the significant amount of change that we are going through, our employees continue to deliver in each one of our businesses and I am particularly proud that our margins continue to improve lot of that from an perspective as we follow and implement our Johnson Controls operating system. So, if we are on the first slide there that I have, we will start to talk about the markets. In a minute, I am going to talk about China. But for the most part, the markets are participating in a way and improving in a way except for China that we have been able to take advantage of and its good for us both in buildings market and in our automotive market and in our battery market. And I have a slide here in a second we will talk about China specifically, but if you take a look at where we are and what I am particularly proud of, our revenue and backlog, we will talk a minute about building efficiency. We are starting to see particularly the strength in our institutional markets. Over the last year, I think it was either a year ago or 9 months ago, we talked about the fact that we saw our pipelines improving and consistently we are seeing growth in our markets and now we are starting to capture those opportunities. And I am happy to say the second quarter in a row we have got 6% once you adjust for ADTI and just for FX a 6% improvement in our secured line and a 5% improvement in our backlog. I asked Glen to look and see when was the last time we could talk about our backlog improving and the last time we had an improvement like this was the third quarter of 2012. So, we finally have turned the corner here. The outlook for the next quarter also seemed strong as it relates to the secured business in the secured part of our income statement. And the reason I feel confident is that as we look at the institutional markets, where we mostly participate they seem to be healthy. And in fact what you will see is we have hired almost four dozen sales people in the last couple of months and we have got another four dozen, more to go in the next quarter. So, we are staffing up to capture the opportunities and its a great opportunity and its a great problem to have the fact that we need to staff up. We havent been able to exercise that muscle for quite sometime. The other thing that we will talk a little bit about this is that the battery business continues to perform quite well are the OE and aftermarket demand continues to be strong globally. We have increased sales in China and our AGM business for the last quarter actually increased 47%. And so if you start looking at the strategies that we put in place many years ago, we are starting to see the market come to us even outside of Europe. We will have a slide here in a second about China and you can see what the opportunity is, but the Power Solutions business is really clicking on all cylinders right now and are very proud of what they are accomplishing. Also, the progress around our initiatives, the Yanfeng Interiors JV closed on July 2 and we will reconcile our numbers going forward. Brian will talk about that. The GWS sale is on track and we expect to close that here in the fourth quarter. And the Hitachi JV is expected to close early in the first quarter of 2016. So, all of the initiatives around portfolio are on track. And in fact I would say that looking back retrospectively we are doing as well or better than what I expected when we embarked on these initiatives. Lets talk about China a bit because there has been a lot of noise around China, specifically as the market is slowing down, there is no doubt about that. But I want to talk about how thats impacting our business and how we are performing. So, if you go to Slide 5, we will start with Power Solutions. What we see when you look at the Power Solutions business, because the market is not only an OE business, but we are going to be able to participate in the growing aftermarket business. We see a CAGR of 8% to 9% through 2020 even with the slowdown in the OE business, because the aftermarket was growing so rapidly. For us, because of the future growth in AGM, we even see the market expanding much quicker than that. And in fact if you once more look at this year-to-date, we have 9 times the sales that we did a year ago for AGM in the year and we continue to see that part of our business growing significantly. And in fact, you will see here we have got a huge order with another OE customer that we are putting capacity in place for. If you look at our aftermarket shift, its 58% prior Q3 a year ago. And so you can see the capacity that we are putting in, in place. In fact, we recently announced I think in the last couple of weeks that we have located our plant for our third facility in Northern China in Shenyang and we continue to gain share in Power Solutions in China. Talking about gaining share if you move to Automotive Experience, one of the things that we feel good about is that not only our position in the market with around 40% market share in seating, but we have the right customers and we certainly participate with the right programs. And there is no doubt as it relates to our partners, we have extremely strong partners. So, even though that we do acknowledge the market slowing down, we have the right mix of customers and the right mix of programs. And in fact, one of the things that you need to make sure that you understand you look at our business is we are in the passenger car business. And if you look at the numbers that people talk about as far as the market slowing down, the path of the business has not hit as hard as the overall market, particularly in the truck and third-party van business. And in building efficiency, I am quite proud of what they have accomplished. Certainly, the market has been under some stress for quite some time. But if you look at our orders for Q3, our equipment business is up double-digit. Our controls business is up almost 50%. And we are growing an emerging service business, 16%. So, we are gaining share. This is in our York brand. And then when you see here on the slide I talked about VRF, Johnson Controls has a small position with our York branded VRF system, but this 10% also speaks to our future partner gaining a share of 10% in a very fast growing VRF market. So, our position in China is unique. I think that we are not immune to the market changing, but we are in a really good position. And all of our businesses are gaining share and really doing well based off of some of the activities that we put in place over the past few years. So, lets talk about the real news of the today. So, I want to congratulate Bruce McDonald. Bruce have been named to be the new Chairman and CEO of the Automotive Spin [ph] Company that we expect will be completely separated and spend 12 months from now plus or minus. We believe that based on the work plan that we have that we will be able to get that accomplished in fiscal year 2016. And my belief about this business is that it  we are already being one of the largest automotive companies in the world, but I would certainly believe it will be, if not the best, one of the best automotive suppliers because I think we already are in the world. And I think that and in fact Bruce and his team will be able to take this business to new heights. As we get more information we will continue to keep you updated. But I thought it was good for you, for our employees and for our ability to be able to move forward for us to bring some certainty around that. So we will  what we have to announce today is the path that were on. It doesnt preclude us being able to sell this business if it came up, but we are focused on making sure that we can control our own destiny and spend this business in fiscal year 2016. And I want to congratulate Bruce again, he is here and he is pretty interested in making sure that this works for us and for the remaining  the remaining Johnson Controls. So I will conclude my remarks. I will come back later and talk about the quarter. Pretty impressive numbers with FX adjusted we saw growth of 5%. You can see our earnings per share of 15%, our segment income up 14%, 19% if you FX adjust. And then as I have talked about earlier, 120 basis points of margin improvement and thats been a consistent theme that we have been able to talk about over the last couple of years. And I see no reason that we wont be able to continue to expand margins. So with that, I will turn it over to Bruce and we will talk about the business.
Bruce McDonald: Alright. Thank you, Alex and thanks for the kind words. So let me start with Slide #8 on building efficiency. You can see, if you look at the numbers here we had a nice quarter. Sales were up 5%, $2.7 billion. I think its important to really look at the FX adjusted number. Here we can see that without foreign exchange, our revenues were up 10%, so double-digit increase in underlying revenues. To look at that kind of by region, North America  our North American business up about 4% and we are finally starting to see higher demand in the institutional markets. So for the last probably six quarters to eight quarters, we have been talking about how the HVAC market we have seen the smaller end of the market, the residential side picking up. And I think whats exciting here and Alex alluded to the fact that we are adding resources, program management and sales force is that we are finally starting to see the long awaited recovery of the institutional market, I think thats pretty noteworthy. Elsewhere around the world, Middle East is up 18%, still pretty soft in Europe, about down 1% and Latin America not surprisingly continues to be a problem for us, it was down 10%. Orders for the quarter were up 9% if you take out foreign exchange and ADT, underlying orders were up 6% with really strong growth in local and state and federal government. Those were the vertical markets that really drove the growth in our orders in the quarter. Outside of North America, if we look at Asia, up 13%, the Middle East was up 11%, Europe down 1% and Latin America down 11%. Backlog is up about 5% at $4.7 billion if you adjust for foreign exchange. Regionally if you look at our backlog, North America was up 5%, Middle East was up 16%, Asia was up 9% with Latin America being down 19% and Europe being down 3%. So the Latin America and European we are not seeing any signs of recovery in those markets. But when you look at the overall total, North America key emerging markets for us, the strength is really stronger than the overall number. Turning to segment income, you can see for the quarter, we are at $272 million, up 3%. This includes  ADT was in part of last years quarter. So this is the last quarter you will see ADT results in one quarter, not in the previous year. So that will clean itself up. Margins, real strong at 10%, thats for those of you that follow Johnson Controls from a time know that our target margins for building efficiency is to get them for the 10% level. They were down about 20 basis points versus last year, but that really reflects the fact that we have to bring on the resource in anticipation of an improving growth outlook. So a good strong quarter for BE and margins of 10% are something that we are really happy about. Turning to power solutions, sales were down 2%, again if you adjust for foreign exchange, here we are up about 6%. Led in the quarter really was an issue. It was pretty comparable from the top line perspective versus last year. Geographically our volumes were flattish in North America. Asia was up 8% and Europe really driven by the strength in the aftermarket. You know last year we said aftermarket demands have been somewhat constrained with channel destocking. If you just look at the year-over-year aftermarket growth in Europe, it was about 43%. And thats a poor comp last year, but also indicative of the fact we just continue to gain share in that market. Looking at it by OE versus aftermarket, OE was up 2% globally, aftermarket was up 7%. Alex touched on AGM in China early on, but if you look at overall, our AGM growth was accelerating. Thats pretty exciting, because thats the product thats really driving a lot of our margin expansion, so that 47% in the quarter to nearly $2.9 million. We have really seen growth in all regions. And one other things that we are starting to see now is because we have got a little bit of capacity we are able to start building up our aftermarket AGM business both as replacement, lot of units in the market that need replacement right now, but we are seeing our customers interested in AGM as a premium replacement battery. So thats pretty exciting for us. In terms of segment income, a great quarter here, looking it without foreign exchange, up nearly 30% to $234 million, really seeing the benefit of strong operating performance, higher volume and improved product mix, so great quarter for the power solutions here. And lastly on Slide 10, we will flip you over to automotive. In terms of the auto business, it continues to deliver very strong results. In the quarter, again taking out exchange sales were up about 3%. And if you look at it geographically, we are down about 1% in North America against the industry being up 2% that kind of is the reflection of some of the new business that we were  or some business that we lost associated with some commercial issues, that just started to roll off against us. In Europe, on FX adjusted numbers our revenues were up 3% against the sort of flat production environment. In total Europe, but up 4% increase in Western Europe. And then in China, which we mostly do business by a non-consolidated joint ventures, you can see in the quarter our sales were up about 10% to $1.9 billion. In terms of the our interiors joint venture, Alex talked about it early on but that business closed on July 2 and as a result as  on a go forward basis, the business will be accounted for an equity affiliate, so you will see the earnings flowing through in our consolidated results, but about $1 million of sales per quarter will be de-consolidated. So when you start just to look at the auto numbers here, the revenue will be down for the next three quarters year-over-year as a result of the de-consolidation. Turning to segment income results, you can see our margins were up about 110 basis points to 6.5% versus 5%  or 110 basis points. If you look at interiors  that was seating, sorry seating was up 110 basis points to 6.5%. Looking at interiors you can see 5.8%, about 240 basis point improvement year-over-year. The turnaround in the interiors has been pretty breathtaking and kind of what you are seeing here is the benefit of us taking the restructuring actions in some of our loss making product lines and in some of our high cost country locations. So over the next 12 months we will be winding down the bits and pieces of interiors that did not get contributed to our joint venture. And you will start to see the strong results and the growth that we will see coming through from our global interiors business with Yanfeng. So, with that, I will turn it over to Brian.
Brian Stief: Okay, thanks, Bruce and good morning, everyone. As you saw in our press release, our results from continuing operation included $26 million worth of transaction integration cost associated with the number of portfolio activities that we have going on and then also included a non-recurring tax charge of roughly $75 million related to some tax plan done in connection with the Interiors JV which closed on July 2. These items resulted in net charges in aggregate of $0.15 in the quarter. As I talk through the financials, I will exclude the impact of these items in my comments. And in addition, you recall that our results from continuing operations will exclude GWS as we continue to report that as a discontinued operation. Overall, third quarter revenues were down 2% at $9.6 billion with higher revenues from Building Efficiency related primarily to the ADT acquisition offset by lower revenues in Power Solutions and auto. But as Bruce and Alex mentioned, each of our three businesses were impacted negatively by FX in the quarter, primarily the euro. If you exclude FX, our revenues in the quarter were up 5% and thats across all businesses showing year-over-year solid increases ranging from 3% to 10%. If you look at gross profit for the quarter, it was 17.8%, which was up 170 basis points from the prior year. And thats really due to improved product mix and the ongoing benefits we are seeing from the implementation of the Johnson Controls Operating System. SG&A is up 2% year-over-year that relates primarily to building efficiency where we have got the ADT, SG&A in this quarter and it wouldnt have been in the prior year quarter. And as well we have added the sales personnel in North America that both Alex and Bruce referred to, to capture market growth opportunities. So overall, when you look at our SG&A line, our JCOS benefit some cost control efforts are really in line, if not exceeding our expectations. Equity income of $91 million was 3% higher than last year just a general reflection of improved profitability across most of our JVs. And overall, third quarter segment income was up 14% if you back or adjust for FX, its up 19%. And segment income margins of 8.8% or 120 basis points better than last years 7.6%. So, turning to Slide 12, net financing charges of $75 million, or $8 million higher than the prior year. That simply reflects the financing cost associated with the ADT acquisition in June of 2014 as well as our ongoing share repurchase program. As far as our tax rate in 2015 and 2014, the underlying rate from continuing operations approximates 19% in both quarters. Income attributable to non-controlling interest is up $12 million and again that just reflects the improved profitability of our Power Solutions and Automotive consolidated joint ventures. So, overall a very strong third quarter across all of our businesses, diluted EPS at $0.91, a 15% improvement versus the $0.79 a year ago. So, turning to Slide 13, I would like to spend just a few minutes reviewing our balance sheet and cash flow position as well as providing some guidance for Q4. If you look at our Q3 free cash flow of approximately $400 million, thats slightly behind plan and the prior year. However, this is due to one item, which was $170 million dividend that we expected to receive in Q3 from one of our unconsolidated automotive joint ventures and thats not lined up to receive that in Q4. So, it was simply timing. As far as year-to-date capital spending, $820 million is in line with our expectations. And based upon current forecast, I think we will be slightly below our CapEx plan of $1.3 billion for the year. As everyone knows we embarked on a 3-year $1.2 billion per year share buyback program beginning in fiscal 14. Through Q3, we have now executed on $1 billion of our fiscal 15 plan of $1.2 billion. Trade working capital as a percentage of sales continues to improve and thats down 110 basis points year-over-year and this continues to be an area of focus and I think an opportunity for us as we move forward. Net debt to cap is 40.7% at the end of the third quarter. And given our free cash flow and divestiture proceeds in Q4, we expect that percentage to be in the low to mid 30s by the end of the fiscal year. So, as we look into Q4, we expect to receive about $1.3 billion in net proceeds from the sale of the GWS business to CBRE and we continue to target approximately $1.5 billion in free cash flow for the full fiscal year. As far as our Q4 guidance, the range is now $1 to $1.3, which will result in $3.38 to $3.41 for the full year, excluding transaction and integration costs and any other non-recurring items. And our Q4 guidance now assumes the euro is at 110 versus the 105 we assumed in previous guidance, that benefit is going to be substantially offset by some increased commodity prices and some other currency exposures that we see in Q4. So, in summary, we are very pleased with the Q3 results. We have seen strong performance across each of our businesses and we continue to meet our financial commitments even during a period of significant portfolio change and a number of internal initiatives. Building efficiencies year-over-year improvement in orders secured is a very positive sign and we continue to see the strength in the North America institutional market. As Alex mentioned backlog at $4.7 billion, an increase of 5% is the first time that we have seen that since Q3 of 2012. Year-over-year segment margin improvement of 120 basis points reflects our commitment to reduce cost and the implementation of the Johnson Controls Operating System. And I think we have talked about the portfolio changes that we are making, all of those we have now got really line of sight to complete within calendar year 2016. So with that, Glen, we can open up for questions.
Glen Ponczak: Actually, we are ready to take some questions. I would ask everyone to limit their questions to your best and follow-up. And if you got other things to ask, please get back in the queue, so we give more people an opportunity to participate. Ashley?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mr. Emmanuel Rosner. Sir, your line is open.
Emmanuel Rosner: Hi, good morning everybody.
Alex Molinaroli: Hi, Emmanuel.
Emmanuel Rosner: So many things to talk about. Lets maybe start with the spin-off decision. I was a little bit surprised to see such a rapid decision just over a month after you sort of announced that you were exploring strategic options. Can you maybe talk to us about the decision process maybe the rationale to spin-off the business as opposed to maybe selling it? And you see it back from your automaker customer so far.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, thats a great question. So, actually it was not too tough a decision. If you think about the size of that business and the natural buyers of that business, we have the opportunity to spin the last bit speaking to those potential buyers and understanding what the real opportunity is. And it came very clear to us that we needed to make sure that we focused on the spin. And just like I said in my comments, its possible you could still sell, but we need to provide the same amount of work in order to make the spin decision. And I think our customers also needed to have some certainty about what it is that we were going to do, particularly our Chinese customers, because as you know we have many partnerships in China and uncertainty is just not a good thing. So, I think for us and our employees and for our customers and our partners in China, it made sense for us to make this decision. And quite frankly because of the resources that we have on our GWS transaction, our JV with Yanfeng, we have the resources right now to transfer on to this project right now and so it just made sense.
Emmanuel Rosner: Okay, thats clear. And just switching gear quickly, I wanted to ask you about building efficiency services, in particular, I was a little bit surprised to see your service revenues which are now ex-GWS down quite significantly year-over-year. I think you have been running at $900 plus million a quarter for the past. So far this year as well as last year the same quarter and now this fell sort of like to the $700 million type of range. And so I was curious what maybe happening in services ex-GWS and also why your margins overall down year-over-year, a little bit despite revenue growth?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. So, I will need to look at the numbers on service. Without having  without getting to some of the specifics, it could be some of our services. We went through a process with GWS as we went through the disposition to decide what part of our service business belong with GWS and what part of it with building efficiency as there is nothing underlying this exchange. So, we will follow up on that, but my guess is it has something to do with how we parsed out what meant the GWS and what stayed with the buildings business. But I will validate that. Nothing  just rest assured, nothing has really radically happened differently around our service business. And in fact what I would tell you is our service business particularly is driven by North America. The margins are up. Our renewal rates are up. And so I dont think we have any deterioration of that business. I think as it relates to the overall margins of the business and I think you are talking about a year-on-year basis, Brian went through some of the specifics, but one of the things and I did signal this last quarter is that we were going to be staffing up in advance of the growth of the market. And then quite frankly, I will be honest with you not that I would like to see the margins under pressure, but we are having a hard time hiring at the pace that we need to hire in order to capitalize on the opportunities for next year. So, I do expect that we will be hiring in anticipation of the market, because you remember, our business which might be different than some of our competitors, most of our sales go through brands or company-owned operations, so that SG&A cost hits us immediately.
Emmanuel Rosner: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from the line of Colin Langan. Your line is open.
Alex Molinaroli: Hi, Colin.
Colin Langan: Great, thanks for taking my questions. I was hoping to get some color on the joint ventures in Auto Experience in China. Can you give us any color on the size of the EBIT margin for those joint ventures, if there is any cash stuck in those joint ventures, do you know what their balance sheet look like? And all we really have is the net income.
Alex Molinaroli: So, this goes really good. I am going to turn this over to Bruce.
Bruce McDonald: Yes. As we have gone through this process, I think one of the things that sort of become apparent from a valuation perspective is we are not doing a good job giving the analyst community a lot of color around our Chinese joint ventures. And from a valuation perspective, we are probably not getting the full valuation there, but I can tell you that I would think for  I am not so sure we can pull together from the next quarter, but definitely by the time we put together our analyst presentation here in the December timeframe, we will provide a lot more clarity there. They are accretive to overall automotive and otherwise the business, the joint ventures of higher margins, not in our base business. But generally speaking, if joint ventures have any debt, its nominal, but net-net there is a significant cash balance in the JV. Its probably in the $700 million to $1 billion range.
Colin Langan: Okay, thats very helpful. And any color on the cost savings program that was announced with any opportunity there to get margins to your targets a little bit faster?
Alex Molinaroli: Color on the cost reduction activity initiative?
Bruce McDonald: So, I think as it relates to the Johnson Controls Operating System, I think in the last call we mentioned that we were going to get about $50 million of run-rate benefit in fiscal 15 and there would also be another $125 million in run-rate benefit in 2016. And in addition to that, we announced in the press release and maybe this is also what you are referring to that we were going to be looking at really a cost savings review here in the fourth quarter. And those activities are really being done in conjunction with looking at the separation of auto and standing up both those companies as separate public companies and to see whether there is some operating model changes or cost savings that can come out of that process. So, thats something that we will look at beginning immediately and will probably take place and take action on throughout the next 12 months or so.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, we are bringing more information to you about that. This is Alex. I am sure you are referring to what was in the press release. As we go through separation process, its going to be clear that we need to take the opportunity in advantage of not only setting up a new automotive company with the proper operating systems and cost structure, but we need to do the same thing for remaining Johnson Controls. And so thats what you are referring to. We dont have anymore information on that, but you can expect to hear more.
Colin Langan: Okay, alright. Thank you very much.
Alex Molinaroli: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Robert Barry. Sir, your line is open.
Robert Barry: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning.
Bruce McDonald: Good morning.
Robert Barry: Hey, Bruce congrats on the new role. Quick actually housekeeping item, could you give us or maybe I missed the North America orders in BE?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, I think that  North American orders in BE up 8%.
Bruce McDonald: 8%.
Robert Barry: Got it. Thank you. And then also I had a quick follow-up on the spin, I know its still early, but just your thoughts on the anticipated balance sheet at auto and whether the plan is contemplating any kind of dividend back to JCI?
Alex Molinaroli: There will be a dividend back to JCI. We are still working through what the proper leverage is, but you can expect that we will make sure that the automotive business is in a position to compete. So, it would be similar to its peers.
Robert Barry: Got it. And then just given how much advancement you have made in some of the portfolio initiatives, I guess I would expect M&A to start to become a larger part of the story you have alluded to that in some of the comments. Maybe just provide an update on what the M&A pipeline looks like and in particular the size of some of the deals in there and what the timing is on when we might see something of size in BE or Power?
Bruce McDonald: Yes, so thats a great question. And I dont think that we can answer it to fulfill you. But I can tell you that as busy as we are on the things that we are talking about as we are just as busy and the things that we are not able to talk about, but we are looking at deals that will complement us from a product standpoint will help us geographically and shore up some of the technical product challenges that we have. So, we have plenty in the pipeline. And I would say, they span the gamut from being bolt on to being things that are transformational.
Robert Barry: Got it. And then maybe just one last housekeeping item, whats the net impact that you expect from the interiors kind of income going out of the P&L versus picking up the 30% ownership in the JV? Is that relatively neutral or is
Alex Molinaroli: Its neutral.
Bruce McDonald: The equity, 30% of the JV is pretty close to 100% of the remaining parts.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, I think the difference is going to be as we move forward and we pick up the joint ventures income on an equity basis, you end up where you pick that up on an after-tax basis. So, there is going to be essentially a flip between segment income and our tax rate as it relates to how we look at the Interiors joint venture income.
Robert Barry: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Josh Pokrzywinski. Sir, your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning guys.
Alex Molinaroli: Hi, guys.
Josh Pokrzywinski: So, just on some of the comments you made on moving the staff up in BE and I guess thats pressuring the margins in the short-term. But how long should we think of the staffing drag weighing on the margin expansion? And then given that you are seeing budding strength, particularly in North American institutional where you have always had a big presence. How should we think about the leverage on the North American institutional web recovery, maybe X some of these staffing up periods, but more ongoing as we get into late 15 or I guess late calendar 15, 16 and beyond?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. So, I think that as I said we have some variable cost, because of the sales staffing and its going to be in advance. I think without being able to put numbers on that, I dont have a calculator in front of me, but what I would say is over the next [Technical Difficulty] is going to be a little bit of a catch-up, so make sure they catch up to the marketplace. And then we should see, because remember we are selling and then our backlog is about a 6 month  its about a 6-month backlog before we usually start to see the income from that. So thats when you will start to see the leverage and we wont be seeing the sales  the sales headcount as just a cost, we will be seeing that as. We will start seeing the earnings from that. I dont know that I have that exact leverage in front of you but you can expect some margin expansion. Today we are seeing the margin expansion based on the back of our cost profile. We should start seeing some margin expansion based off of our top line.
Bruce McDonald: Yes maybe add a bit to that. I mean we have already sort of talked about those who have been around for a while that our margin improvement trajectory in building efficiency being sort of 50 or 60 basis points a year and over the last couple of years, we have seen growth a lot stronger than that which we attributed to the fact that in a normal business environment, we have to add project managers, people that can do the work on an installation business. And so in weak times, we saw margins growing a lot quicker than that that, that 50 basis points to 60 basis points was a result of some of the improvement activities that we are doing. And here for the next couple of quarters, you are going to see a little bit of lower than that because of the sort of headwind that we have which is absolutely necessary to grow the installation business. So we cant grow the installation business without putting the resource and training them in advance.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Those two more quarters of that or how should we think about how long this?
Alex Molinaroli: So the way that I would think about it is, look at hopefully continuing adding sales resources, but its going to take us a couple of quarters to take advantage of the backlog we just put in place. And two quarters the backlog that you just see, the 5% up backlog, is when we will start to see that flow through. And thats when we will see that at least the effect of the initial hiring behind us and we should see it more of an ongoing hiring as revenues continue to grow. So I think we have got a couple of quarters before we see the real benefit of the sales people that were put in place today. We should see in the backlog but we wont see in the income statement.
Bruce McDonald: I dont think what we will see it in the next few quarters. We are going to see margin contraction. Thats not the takeaway here. The takeaway is we are doing a lot of things to grow our margins in all the three of our businesses that we expect to continue. This is a little bit of the headwind against that.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, two quarters out from now then we should be able to attribute our margin improvement not just from our operating efficiencies but also because of the fact we will have some volumes, right.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Alright, thats helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Johnny Wright. Sir your line is open.
Johnny Wright: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question. Alex just looking at the slide you gave on China is very helpful and sort of putting out the color longer term actually maybe just talk a little bit about what you are seeing right now in China, next couple of quarters and how you are going to see the auto demand playing out over the second half of the calendar year?
Alex Molinaroli: I think what we see talking to our customers, remember we are talking about passenger vehicles, is that we see the market is going to be growing out about a 6% clip. And we continue to see that and remember for us because we have got some of the right customer some of the right program and we are gaining share in metals, we should be able to continue to outpace that.
Bruce McDonald: So I was in China last week and so maybe I will just add a bit more stories from Ground Zero there. If you look at the passenger curve looks for 2016, so for our next fiscal year, I just anticipate that being in about the 6% range. If you look at our business mix and by that, I mean we tend to be very strong in the premium brands. We dont have stronger share in the Chinese loan brands or with the Japanese that are doing well in the market. Our production volume based on that 6% for 2016 we anticipate being up 8% to 9%. And then like Alex said, on top of that, we still have some incremental programs, market share wins and the penetration of our metals business. So we still  we feel like with the industry work is now we are well positioned to continue to drive double-digit growth for 2016.
Johnny Wright: Okay, great. Thanks. And then just on free cash flow, I know we are taking $1.5 billion for 15, but given the CapEx now $100 million to $150 million low than you originally expected, what are kind of the puts and takes in the operating cash flow lines versus your original expectations for the?
Alex Molinaroli: So, I think the $1.5 billion is still our target for the year in order to get to that target we are going to have to generate free cash flow in the fourth quarter of roughly about $1.4 billion. We have got plans to do that I would say there are some opportunities that we still have in the trade working capital area and also be benefited by the dividend that I mentioned earlier that did not come in Q3 but will come in Q4. So we are going to be pretty close to that $1.5 billion number I wouldnt expect any significant movement either up or down from that number.
Johnny Wright: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Brian Johnson. Sir your line is open.
Brian Johnson: Yes, good morning. Want to talk a bit about BE in China. You posted some fairly healthy order numbers A couple of things, when would those come through? Is there anything difference around the conversion and backlog in revenue? Just second, given the slowdown in the China economy, where is that coming from? Are there segments of the Chinese institutional market that you are better exposed, are you gaining share in the segments that you are in and just how you are able to get that order pace?
Alex Molinaroli: I dont know that I would call it episodic, but the fact that we are able to see it across our equipment business and our controls business and our service business I think it has a lot to do with some of the operating models and the changes that we are making as it relates to how we are going to market in some of the cities that are Tier 2 while we have been focused in Tier 1 cities. I dont know that our backlog is much different in the rest of the world than it does in North America. And the reason is because we are selling the same products. I am hopeful and I believe that, that will change over time. It will be a lot more rapid as you bring on Hitachi product line since you remember thats a different product and a light commercial product line, and that market is actually going quicker. So I dont know that I will be able to be a whole lot of color except that about the market as much as this is more about us and I think how aggressive we have been in the marketplace to gain share. I dont know that its about the marketplace I think its more about us. And I would expect as soon as we are able to bring Hitachi on board to be able to see the benefits of being able to participate in the VRF market, which we see is growing almost 10%.
Brian Johnson: Okay. And just where are you in that expansion to second and the third tier cities as well in terms of building out the brand for whatever structure using branch distribution are there more cities to come?
Alex Molinaroli: Absolutely. I think we are in the early stages, as it relates to the opportunity particularly as we get more products because as you move further and further away from Tier 1 cities, you need a broader set of products particularly at the light commercial and we really just havent had that full complement of products. So I think we are going to have even more impetus around that. We have got a long way to go.
Brian Johnson: And on North American HVAC, you are definitely seeing orders picking up. But how long do you think this recovery could last? Is this just a kind of bounce off the bottom or do you see any structural tailwind in your institutional markets?
Alex Molinaroli: I just think  this is Alex. I think by its nature the fact that its happening in the institutional market is usually a much more of a structural than some of the commercial markets. So I think when we are seeing the institutional and government money being spent, I mean, I think the thing to keep our eye on is health care because it has grown some and I would say if there is anything that would be less certain and less predictable is whats going to happen in the health care market. But if you look at the local government, schools, state government, those seem to be pretty strong in the pipeline strong. So I think that we are in a good cycle for those markets. For health care, I would never consider a victory yet because I think that market is still under a bunch of change, but we are seeing improvement but I dont know that if I would consider it a victory.
Brian Johnson: Okay, final quick housekeeping question, Power Solutions, China, can you kind of update us on the OEM versus aftermarket split there and how you see that developing?
Bruce McDonald: Yes. Brian its Bruce here I think Glen will follow-up with specific numbers. But I think what we are sort of giving you that commentary here on the market. I think the most noteworthy thing that we are seeing is we have talked about this last couple of quarters, but really rapid acceleration in AGM demand from the customers. We were awarded just in this quarter a $1.4 million unit order. We talked on our last couple  on our last call around that we are adding AGM production in the north plant, where we are looking to do sort of half AGM and half SOI. Its looking like we are going to have to pivot away from that and put in all AGMs. So, lot of customer interest in the AGM product line and thats great for us.
Glen Ponczak: We do have, its Glen here, on aftermarket in China, its somewhere between 45 million and 50 million units today going to somewhere around 80 million by the end of the decade, Brian. And we think our share goes by 40% of our business being aftermarket to like 60% of our business being aftermarket only at the same timeframe.
Brian Johnson: Okay. Okay, thanks.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Rod Lache. Sir, your line is open.
Pat Nolan: Good morning, everyone. Its actually Pat Nolan on for Rod.
Alex Molinaroli: Okay.
Pat Nolan: A couple of quick questions just to follow-up on that last years questions on the healthcare side of the business. Can you just refresh us, because it seems like that part is actually not growing, how big of your business today is just healthcare, not institutional, just healthcare?
Alex Molinaroli: About $1 billion, $1.5 billion, something like that.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, I was going to say its around 20% overall, but we could get back to you to specific numbers.
Pat Nolan: Okay, that would be perfect. And to switch gears a little bit, on the Power Solutions business, it seems like you are getting incrementally more positive on the gross and AGM. How does that play into the 5% to 6% annual growth that you have been expecting over the mid-term? Do you think that could potentially push you beyond that target or push towards the high-end? How do you think about that expanding growth in that context?
Alex Molinaroli: Thats a good question. I think we have  just to be completely honest, I think that we have been caught off guard with how fast the AGM market has grown in the last couple of quarters. As you can tell as we talk about the orders that we have received in China, the growth that we are now seeing in North America we had been expecting at some point, but its really come very quickly. So, I dont know that we have those exact numbers. Its something that we need to pull together, but you could probably tell by the way that in reacting we are adding capacity at a rate that we didnt actually expect even a year ago. So, good question. I think we probably owe everyone some follow-up, but the bottom line is really good news for our business, because our position in the AGM market is significant.
Bruce McDonald: Its still probably somewhat smallish as far as moving the needle even without acceleration here early on at least, because I mean we are talking about 10, 11 million units in 15 here, as we exit 15 out of 140 million units total. So, while the percentage is moving and it probably doesnt have an impact, its not like its going to move at multiple points.
Pat Nolan: Got it. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Joe Spak. Sir, your line is open.
Joe Spak: Thanks, everyone. Maybe just one more on AGM, while we are talking about it, you sort of talk about the profitability on those units being about 3x of that asset. Its been a while since we heard an update on that. Is that still  is that what you have been realizing and is that still sort of the right way to think about that profit mix?
Alex Molinaroli: It hasnt changed. Yes, same, so still 3x the profit dollars I believe is what we have talked about it.
Bruce McDonald: And I think  I have made some comments about we are starting to see some aftermarket growth here. So, I think there is an opportunity to improve on that as we go forward.
Joe Spak: Right. And then I know its too early to think about  maybe its too early to think about the pressure on the auto spend, but what about the other side of that? Any thoughts on what the leverage opportunity is on remaining JCI?
Alex Molinaroli: On the  so, I dont think we are ready to talk about the capital structure. But what I would tell you is that we will  regardless of what the dividend side is we will be in a very good position to make  to need to make those choices around capital structure, but what we do is with a very, very strong balance sheet.
Joe Spak: Okay. And then quickly on  I appreciate all the color on China, specifically with the controls growth you are showing there on the order side, is that related to sort of the build out you are talking about in the other tier cities or because thats mostly goes with new construction as opposed to retrofit, is that correct?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. So, I will just be 100% honest. When I saw those numbers, that cant be just  that has to be some unique success that we have had with the quarter, certainly not the marketplace. So, I dont want to make something up to know why those numbers are as high as they are, but I think its just representation as why we wanted to bring it is that we are seeing it across all of our product lines. I dont know they have a lot more information on that exactly why its so much different than our equipment business.
Joe Spak: Okay, alright. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas. Your line is open.
Rich Kwas: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Alex Molinaroli: Hi, Rich.
Rich Kwas: Just, Alex, on the  so, on the proceeds, the net proceeds from GWS $1.3 billion, you got Hitachi you are going to make the payment for that here in the next quarter or so. The remaining funds how should we think about that? I know M&A is the focal point, but whats the appetite to do incremental buyback above and beyond what you outlined?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. So, I will turn this over to Brian in a second, but from a strategic standpoint, I think that when we start embarked on this, hopefully we demonstrated that we are going to make whats the right choice not only for where we are at the moment, but also strategically. And its probably going to have a lot to do with where we are with some of our opportunities for investment, but we do recognize that we will have an opportunity to maybe change the pace at which we do some of the buybacks if we choose to.
Brian Stief: Yes. I think, if you look at the $1.3 billion, Rich and then its roughly $500 million investment we will make in Hitachi joint venture that leaves you with $800 million. Couple areas that we are going to be looking at, we have got potentially a pension contribution that we could make on a discretionary basis to essentially get the plans funded at the level we have historically targeted. We are going to have in the fourth quarter here through the adoption of some new mortality tables about a $200 million increase in our liability. So, we may use some of the proceeds to pre-fund the pension. There is also certainly in the share repurchase area we have got $200 million left on this years program and we could pull some forward potentially from next years $1.2 billion. And then there is also some moving parts just relative to tax payments. So, I would say, we are kind of  we are going to look at various options there and we will see certainly keep our flexibility.
Rich Kwas: Would the discretionary investment be matched at $200 million increase in the liability be more than that?
Brian Stief: The $200 million is right now what we think the ballpark increase in the liability from the new mortality tables.
Rich Kwas: Okay. So you would match that and then go from there.
Brian Stief: Yes.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then just the couple of housekeeping items, Brian, the $1.5 billion of free cash, does that include the $150 million from GWS?
Brian Stief: We include what?
Alex Molinaroli: The $150 million from the joint ventures.
Rich Kwas: I thought GWS generated about $150 million in annual cash flows. So, does the $1.5 million include that? Does it include the disc ops?
Brian Stief: Yes, it does. Yes.
Rich Kwas: Okay, alright. And then for the fourth quarter, you cited in terms of the guidance commodities, I just wanted to get some additional color on that given that metals prices have come down and I dont know if thats material?
Brian Stief: Yes, I think its diesel cost is what we are looking at. And then from a currency standpoint, the real or kind of the two items that seem to be offsetting the benefit of going from 105 to 110 in the euro.
Rich Kwas: Okay, okay. Thank you.
Glen Ponczak: I think actually we are done here, because we are at the top of the hour. Alex, any concluding remarks?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. I just want to once again thank our employees for not only the incredible performance that they have provided, but all the support that they are giving us is as we move forward with this transformation to accomplish an awful lot, we have got more to do. And I think our employees are not only are they actually making this happen, but I think they are very proud of what they have been able to accomplish and they should be. Thank you.
Glen Ponczak: Great. Thanks, everybody. Kathy and I are available for the balance of the day with any follow-ups that you have got. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes todays conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-04-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Ponczak  Vice President, Global Investor Relations Alex Molinaroli  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert Bruce McDonald  Executive Vice President and Vice Chairman Brian Stief  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Brian Arthur Johnson  Barclays Capital, Inc Mike Wood  Macquarie Robert Barry  Susquehanna International Group, LLP Patrick Archambault  Goldman Sachs Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners LLC Richard Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities LLC Brett Hoselton  KeyBanc Ravi Shanker  Morgan Stanley Ryan Brinkman  J.P. Morgan
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this point. Now well turn the meeting over do your host, Vice President, Glen Ponczak. Sir, you may begin.
Glen Ponczak: Thanks, Mitch [ph], and welcome everybody to the call to review Johnson Controls 2015 fiscal second quarter earnings. If you dont have a copy of the presentation, you can go to johnsoncontrols.com, click on the Investors link at the top of the page and then scroll down to the events calendar section. This morning, Chairman and CEO, Alex Molinaroli, will provide some perspective on the quarter, followed by Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Vice Chairman for a review of the business results and then Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief, who will review the companys overall financial performance. Following those prepared remarks, well open up the call for questions, and were scheduled to end at the top of the hour. Before I begin, Id like to refer you to our full forward-looking statement disclosure thats in the news release and also in the slide deck, and remind you that todays comments will include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Those factors include required regulatory approvals that are material conditions for proposed transactions to close, the strength of the U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, availability of raw materials and component products, and cancellations of or changes to commercial contracts as well as other factors discussed in item 1A of part 1 of Johnson Controls most recent annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2015. Johnson Controls disclaims any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this presentation. And with that, Ill turn it over to Alex.
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning, everyone. So Im pretty pleased to speak about the earnings today because I just see it as a continuation of the success that the team has been having over the past four to six quarters, particularly when we have all of the distractions going on. Ill go through some of the highlights, but youre going to get some details from the rest of the team. And one thing that Id like you to remind yourself of is as we continue down this path of transforming the company, weve been able to meet or exceed the expectations that we set for ourselves, not only from a company perspective but across the board. Each one of our businesses really had a fantastic quarter. Ill give you the headlines then Ill move into some of the highlights and well turn it over to Bruce. At $9.2 billion of revenues it is down 3%, but if you take out currency were up 4% for the quarter. And well talk about where that comes from in a few minutes, and how we see the outlook moving forward. One of the things and Ill go ahead and hit it early is that were pretty pleased with order intake. Thats going be a highlight of the conversation here today. When you look at Building Efficiency back in the summer we talked about the fact that were seeing some potential for sales secured in this quarter. And it came through and its coming through in a big way. So were pretty pleased and its happening in our institutional markets. Look at our segment income, up 18%. Once again, great improvement from a margin perspective across the board. A big part of what were trying to accomplish in this time period along with changing our portfolio and mix of businesses is the margins that we have within our businesses. And the teams have responded and continue to respond at a very positive way. As $0.73 per share, up $0.20 versus last year. When Brian gets into the discontinued operations, and well help unpack some of that for you but I think if you look across the board, with the exception of currency, its the one thing that none of us predicted. I think the things are happening pretty much as we expected. If you move to the next page, we start talking about whats happening in the businesses. Ill talk about each one of our businesses, some of the things were seeing. The commercial orders in BE, Ill unpack that in a little bit. Im sure youll have some questions later but what we saw is the institutional market. I wouldnt say its roaring back but what were seeing is a significant improvement in order intake and in our pipeline. So later on when we have a chance to talk more about the pipelines well see that not only we had a good quarter but we think that its sustainable at least over next couple quarters where we have visibility. In the Automotive production, North America continues to be strong. Europe, we were uncertain. Its staying level. At 6% growth in China, youll see later on that our sales are much higher than that. It has to do with our mix. It has to do with our share in China. And then I was really pleased to talk about our Battery business. Were enjoying strong OE growth but more importantly, the aftermarket seems to be stable. Weve gained share. And in Europe, what weve seen is over a 30% increase in battery sales in the aftermarket. If you recall, last year was pretty rough year for us because of the mild winter. And we were concerned that maybe there was something structural thats changed but it looks like the battery market is back in Europe at least for us. And the team is seeing the benefits from that. I think that later on we may talk about it but were also seeing our start-stop sales increase tremendously. With a 34% increase I think in the quarter. Of AGM batteries for start-stop. So were bumping up against our capacity and were adding more capacity as we speak. In fact, Ill talk about that when you get to slide five. Ill just jump to talking about batteries. Some of the things thats happening in our Battery business. As the start-stop power trains moved to China, we are expediting or pulling forward our AGM capacity installation in China. Along with our Slide battery capacities. So if you look at whats happening in China as it relates to our own capacity and I think we have this in our press release, what were talking about moving from 12.5 million to 15.5 million units. And as we add the north plant that hopefully construction will be underway soon. AGM capacity increasing to 6.4 million. I think at this point were a little less than 2 million units. And we do expect in our own conversation with our customers and orders that were seeing that in China will be very similar patterns to what were seeing in Europe, is that 40% of the new vehicles by 2020 will be start-stop. That bodes well for our business, and in the end it will bode well for our brand in the aftermarket. Ill jump back to the top of the page and talk about some of the strategic things that are going on. I certainly dont want this to be missed. We were very pleased with the outcome of the GWS transaction. CB Richard Ellis is going be a great fit for our GWS business and for us as we move forward for pull through business. But if you look at that total transaction, the 1.475 for the remaining part of GWS plus the 200 million that we got from Brookfield, at one point  a little bit less than $1.7 billion is a real home run for us. And based on the response from CB Richard Ellis and from our joint customers and from the marketplace, its a home run for them also. Also pleased to announce that the SAIC joint venture around interiors with Yanfeng, we signed the agreement. I think theres a picture right here of us in Shanghai signing the agreement last month. And that is strategically one of the imperatives that we had over the last couple years that actually is happening at a pace that Im not even sure we anticipated it could happen so quickly if you go back in time. So were pretty pleased with that. And then a couple new products that we have in place in BE, both in our commercial business and also  or our applied business, excuse me, around chillers, and our light commercial business for our UPG business that are launching now which will bode well particularly for this time of year. We expect to see some increased sales there. The Johnson Controls operating system, Brian will talk more about some of the benefits that were seeing from that. It is something that weve always been operationally capable and excellent, but I think well be able to take this to a new level. And where were seeing the early benefits is in our manufacturing systems, our network optimization and our purchasing activities. Brian will talk about what were seeing, but I would say those benefits were pulling forward even quicker than I expected. And then Ive been very busy. If you look on the right, Ive had an opportunity on behalf of the company to receive a whole bunch of awards, whether it be with General Motors or Toyota, and then some of the recognition that weve gotten as a company over the last quarter. So its been a busy quarter, but its been a great quarter. Our teams have really responded in a period of potential distraction. And I think as we go through the numbers, youll see the details. Its pretty hard to find where our team has not, in any part of the business, has not really responded well. With that Ill turn it over to Bruce.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Thanks Alex, and good morning, everyone. So Ill start on slide six with Building Efficiency. And I just remind folks that we have reported GWS in the discontinued operations, so Im going to talk about sort of Building Efficiency ex-GWS on this slide here. So overall we were pretty pleased with Building Efficiencys results for the second quarter here. You can see sales of $2.4 billion were up about 4%. If we back out the impact of foreign exchange, sales grew by 9%. If you look at that geographically, North America revenues for us were up 17%, though that was primarily attributable to the ADT acquisition. Again, stripping out foreign exchange, we saw a little bit of growth in Europe, so it was up 1%. Our Middle East business was up 9%. Asia was flat, and Latin America was down about 18%. In terms of our backlog, you can see here at $4.6 billion was comparable to the prior year, again making the adjustment for FX and divestitures. In terms of geographically if you look at our backlog, North America was up about 3%. In the Middle East we saw a good strong growth up about 21%. Asia was flat, and we see still some downward trends in Europe which was down 6%, and Latin America which was down 16%. I think the most important number here on this page for us, because it really sort of speaks to the business on a go-forward basis, is really our order intake for the quarter. So if you just look at our Q2 orders, they are 2.5 billion and up 14% year-over-year. If you strip out FX and the impact of the ADT acquisition, our order intake was 8% higher. So thats quite a turnaround from the 4% reduction that we talked about on our last earnings call. Real pleased with North America in particular. There we saw our orders up on a consolidated basis were up 11%. And where we really saw the strong growth was in the education, the local, state and federal government markets. Those were the strong verticals for us. Outside of North America and again adjusting for foreign exchange, we were up 8% in Asia. 14% in the Middle East. And down 3% and 9% in Europe and Latin America respectively. And again even though we had a good strong order intake in the month, if we looked at our quoting activity, the pipelines, we feel pretty good about what were sort of seeing here for the next couple quarters. Just turning to profitability. A great result here. You can see our earnings were up 36% to $173 million. And you can see our margin expansion pretty impressed at 170 point points to 7.3%. Here were really seeing the benefit of improved results in North America, Europe and the Middle East as well as the beneficial impact of the ADT acquisition flowing through our numbers here. And also the benefit of some of the SG&A reductions that we announced in the fourth Q4 of last year. So good strong performance from Building Efficiency and we feel good about that. In terms of Power Solutions for the second quarter our sales were up 2%. And if you back out the impact of foreign exchange, theyre up 8%. If you look at unit shipments overall we are up 7%, with the Americas up 2%, Asia up 10%, and Europe up 21%. Really driven by the aftermarket where in aggregate our European aftermarket business was up 30%. In terms of OE volumes we split it by OE and aftermarket. Our global volumes for OE were up 3%, aftermarket up 9%. So saw good strong growth in AGM, Alex referred to, up 34% to just over 2.6 million. As Alex mentioned in his remarks, we are adding nearly another five million units of AGM capacity in China. Really to capitalize on what is kind of a surge in recent demand from our OE customers. Turning to our profitability here, youll see were up 13% to 264 million. I guess were benefiting primarily from higher volumes and an improved product mix as the profit of AGM sort of pulls through to the bottom line. And from a segment margin point of view, up 160 basis point points to 16.6%. In terms of Automotive on slide eight, strong results in the quarter. Sales again up about 1% if you adjust for foreign currency. And this is our business thats probably the most heavily impacted from a dollar perspective from the euro. If you look at our geographic exposure here where revenues in North America were down 5% versus the industry being up 2%. Thats really due to some of the business that we Id say commercially walked away from. So were seeing that rolling off against us. In Europe, our revenues were up 4%. Again, comparing favorably to industry production which was flat. And in China inclusive of our non-consolidated joint ventures our revenues were up 17% to 1.9 billion which is a substantial improvement versus the 6% production growth. Just looking ahead, on the revenue side, I think we feel pretty good about what were seeing in auto. North America, the inventories are in good shape and our production schedules look good for the balance of the year. Weve been real encouraged with the recent improvement in vehicle registrations in Europe. Which really accelerated every month into the second quarter here and thats driving higher production schedules than we had thought here in the coming into our third quarter. Look at segment income overall were up 90 basis points. And our profitability improved to 261 million, where here were really benefiting from operational improvements. Primarily in our South America operations and in interiors which has really had a nice turnaround here. Were also seeing the benefits in Automotive primarily some of the Johnson Controlss operating system initiatives. And Brian will talk to those more in his comments. So before I turn it over to Brian I think sort of the takeaway from our business perspective is theyre all performing exceedingly well. We feel good about some of our leading indicators, the BE orders and the beginnings of strength in the Automotive production in here and Europe. Its nice to see Power Solutions volume sort of back to normal. With that Brian Ill turn it over to you.
Brian Stief: Okay, thanks, Bruce. Good morning, everyone. On page nine as you saw in our press release, with the March 2015 announcement of the sale of our GWS business to CBRE as well as the closing of two GWS joint ventures to Brookfield, we will, beginning this quarter, start reporting GWS as a discontinued operation. And that requires all prior period financial statements to be restated or revised for comparative purposes. So my comments this morning will focus just on continuing operations financial results. So our Q2 as reported of $0.68 had two items in it that were nonrecurring in nature. There was $0.03 associated with a noncash tax charge in Japan, and there was $0.02 associated with transaction integration costs related to our portfolio activities, so an adjusted EPS for Q2 of $0.73. As I talk through our continuing operations financial results, these two items will be excluded. If you look at top line revenues, as Alex indicated, theyre down 3% to $9.2 million, but the underlying revenues in Building Efficiencies are up due to the inclusion of ADT. And auto experience is down by  has lower revenues as the foreign exchange more than offset the stronger volumes that we saw in the quarter. If you take out foreign exchange, all three of our businesses report a very strong results in the top line, 4% across the board. Gross margin for the quarter of 17.1% was up 160 basis points from last year. And as Alex mentioned, we are starting to see the benefits of the Johnson Controls operating system initiatives as well as just some improved operational execution across the business. SG&A expenses are essentially flat versus last year, and I think we continue to do a really good job of controlling our overall cost structure. Equity income is up $9 million versus a year ago. And that continues to reflect the improved profitability primarily of our automotive joint ventures in China. So, on an overall basis, segment income margins were 7.6% in the quarter, which were up 130 basis points versus Q2 last year. And on a year-to-date basis, our segment income margins are up 110 basis points, so a very strong performance from an operational standpoint. On page 10, if you look at the net financing charges, theyve increased $13 million year over year. That $13 million is simply the higher debt levels that we took on in June of 2014 related to the financing of the ADT acquisition. Tax rate in the second quarter of 2015 and 2014 were comparable at about 19%. So, on an overall basis, a very strong second quarter with diluted EPS of about $0.73 versus $0.61 a year ago, an increase of 20%. And if you assume total diluted earnings per share, which would include GWS in 2015, and GWS and electronics in 2014 that comes to $0.77 again a very strong year-over-year improvement of 17% compared to $0.66 last year. Going to page 11, as we mentioned on our first quarter earnings call, we expected to substantially offset the foreign currency headwinds that we had, which were mainly the euro at 1.15 at the time, with lower commodity prices and the benefits of our Johnson Controls operating system initiatives. Our reprised guidance reflects these additional headwinds with the euro now at 1.05, but we still, if you look on an overall annual basis, will substantially offset the euro impact at 1.05 versus our plan which had it in at 1.30. So youll see we adjusted downward a bit our guidance for the remainder of the year to reflect the euro at 1.05. A couple of things to mention that Alex referred to on Johnson Controls operating system initiatives, theyre well underway. A couple high points that are noteworthy in the quarter, we now have about 60% of our global plants under the enterprise wide manufacturing system program that resulted in about $25 million of benefits to date in 2015. And weve got targeted to have all of our 285 plants under this program by September 2015. Secondly we centralized our enterprise-wide indirect procurement function. To standardized process and better leverage our scale globally. And that will result in about $50 million of benefits in 2015. Those two items helped offset some of the FX headwinds I talked about earlier. So let me turn to revised guidance for Q3 and the full year. Our previous full year guidance was 355 to 370 which included the GWS business of about $0.20 a share. For the third quarter, our revised guidance from continuing ops is $0.90 to $0.92 which would be an increase of 14% to 16% from the $0.79 in the prior year quarter. And our full year guidance from continuing ops again with the euro, now forecast at 105, is 330 to 345 per share which would be up anywhere from 10% to 15% versus the $3 a share in fiscal 14. Going to page 12, whether you look at EPS on a continuing ops basis or on a total company-wide basis were very pleased with our Q2 performance, versus prior year and consensus. And I would have to say that consensus is a bit messy with GWS but I think once we unpack that youll see that year-over-year very strong performance. Weve provided on page 12 the numbers for 2014 and 2015 showing continuing ops and the impact of GWS for the prior year quarters and the first quarter. And then weve also provided an appendix for the deck which really lays out detailed reconciliations of sales and segment income as well as the nonrecurring items. So thats a quick summary from a financial standpoint. With that Glen, we can open it up for questions.
Glen Ponczak: Great thanks, Brian. Mitch, I guess were ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mr. Brian Johnson. Sir, your line is now open.
Brian Arthur Johnson: Yes. Good morning.
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning.
Brian Arthur Johnson: I just want to ask a couple questions. One around autos in China and the second around segmentation within Building Efficiency. Look you grew China production significantly yet again. Can you give us some commentary coming back from Shanghai on the up contenting trend in China? How thats affecting your current Seating business, whether youre seeing it in the locals or the JV partners or both? And then also as we kind of roll forward assuming that up contenting continues to happen in interiors. How the transaction that you finalized but will close on shortly, by the way nice Twitter picture, with the cigars. [Indiscernible] kind of your exposure to the China interior segments or just JV partners up to there.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Yeah, Ill take that one, Brian. Its Bruce here. I guess a couple comments. Kind of your underlying sort of question around the seating is really, help me understand how were substantially sort of 3x times the market here. A couple things. So first of all, youre absolutely right that were seeing particularly from the Chinese owned brands, Im moved to improve the quality of the interior. And that is driving Id say a shift in the market away from traditional local suppliers to our businesses. So thats number one. Secondly, if you look at the production data, what youre tending to see is the luxury segment and the SUV segments  our SUV in particular  gaining a lot of share and we have a lot more content there. Third, the western brands are taking share away from some of the Chinese owned brand and were benefiting from that. And then we just continue to gain share really as on the back of the investments that weve made in metals. So our metals business, I think we talked about when we made the two acquisitions, Hammerstein and Keiper, we were sort of in the low single digits. Right now I think our run rates about 20%. And if you look at the backlog of business that weve won, we feel pretty good about getting to that 30% to 35% target. So those would be the seating factors. Then your comment around the  your question around the interior side of things, again you sort of saw in our release we said on a 2015 basis, were looking at revenues being around $8.5 billion, which is about a billion dollars more than we talked about last May when we announced this joint venture. There youre really seeing the impact of China growth and the C-class launch. Those would be the two factors there. And the same comment I made about quality of the interior and the luxury segment in the SUV apply equally to interiors.
Brian Arthur Johnson: Right. So is it fair to simplify it by saying when you close the interior JV youll actually have more exposure to the positive revenue trends in interior in China.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. Absolutely.
Brian Arthur Johnson: Second question over in the BE land, so you talked about the order strength coming from institutional. How did small and mid-commercial North America do in the quarter? Where are you on ADTI cross selling? And whats the next steps there in terms of boosting your distribution?
Alex Molinaroli: So Ill take that. Overall one of the things with ADTI, because its more of a  its a shorter cycle and its more of a book-to-bill because of how we go to market there. What we really saw was revenue. So we dont have the same kind of pipeline information that we have for our company owned or our branch businesses. I would say that the business overall was flat, maybe a little bit soft versus a year ago. One of the things Im not sure of, remember when we made the transaction a year ago, Im not sure of when we look at the comps that things wont be leveled out until we get into the summer, because we were, right before we secured the transaction, and I think there was a lot of moving parts right before we closed the deal. But I think overall the market is  you remember those products arent just mid to light commercial. They also serve the institutional market. I think overall were seeing the market move up. I think our exposure in the commercial market is one that has been  weve been underexposed, so we havent benefited from it as much. But I think that part of the market is still clipping along. I think whats substantially different though is the institutional markets. Weve even seen when you talk about it, we even saw in health care were seeing our pipeline increase, which is something we havent been able to say, I cant remember when we were able to say. Thats been a lot of years.
Brian Arthur Johnson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mr. Mike Wood. Sir, your line is now open.
Mike Wood: Hi. Thank you. You mentioned the Building Efficiency in Asia was flat. Curious what youre seeing there in terms of orders. And is the Hitachi portfolio youre going to be acquiring that includes some of the energy efficiency products like VRF, is that a higher organic growth portfolio than your legacy BE portfolio there?
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. So Ill take the second part for sure. I mean what you see in the growth rate of when look at the mix of products and technologies, two things. One Hitachi is well positioned in Asia, particularly in China. And that part of the market is definitely eating into what we would consider our  the core of our market, more of the ducted equipment that we would see in North America. So its very fast growing at 2X of the rest of the marketplace. Thats why its strategically important for us. And our position is very strong. Not only Hitachi direct but through our partner. Hitachi, our joint venture there, has a partner called Hisense, which plays in the light goods appliance space, a very strong player. And those two go to market channels along with our Europe brand is how well leverage the VRF. But to answer your question, at least 2X for the rest of the traditional HVAC market that were familiar with.
Robert Bruce McDonald: And then Mike, this is Bruce. Your question about Asian orders, so in the quarter, our order intake in Asia was up 8%.
Mike Wood: Great. And then also can you just give us an update in terms of what youre seeing in the China aftermarket for Power Solutions just in terms of how that market is maturing and how your share is developing there?
Alex Molinaroli: I think that this is the numbers. I think were seeing around 10% growth, probably a little less than what we expected, were signing up tremendous amount of distributors. Were seeing  most of our growth is still happening in the OE space. So I think that we have more opportunity there.
Mike Wood: Thank you.
Mike Wood: Im sorry, 10% right?
Robert Bruce McDonald: Yes. Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mr. Robert Barry. Sir, your line is now open.
Robert Barry: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Good morning.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah.
Robert Barry: Yeah, its still morning here. I wanted to ask about the margins in the Building business. It looks like theyve been tracking quite good. I think above what you guided back at the Analyst day. Maybe just comments on the sustainability of the levels that youve seen there and what might be driving that?
Robert Bruce McDonald: Yeah. This is Bruce here, Rob. A couple of things: I think our margin improvement at BE is front-end loaded. One issue weve got is the ADT acquisition. It was in our fourth quarter number last year. Its margin was included as we talked about when we made that deal, so we kind of have nice comps in the first three quarters of the year. You also recall last year we talked about having some contract charges in the Middle East in the first half of the year. So those are behind us. And so again I think its really a question of the comps that weve got here are easier in the first half than in the back half of the year.
Alex Molinaroli: And that being said I think one of the things that as we get our backlog, were back to level. And we get our backlog stronger and stronger well start to get leverage off our fixed cost.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Yeah.
Alex Molinaroli: So I do think theres margin improvement but certainly the comps have not hurt us from.
Robert Barry: Yeah.
Alex Molinaroli: From a comparative standpoint.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Yeah.
Robert Barry: Fair enough. Maybe also to follow-up on that, a question about pricing. On the Ingersoll call they were talking about starting to see some pricing pressure in their Commercial HVAC business in Asia. This quarter it was Asia and also Latin America. Can you talk about what youre seeing on pricing in particular how you feel about the pricing as a backlog in Building?
Alex Molinaroli: So I think our  Ill take that. Ill have to not listen to the call. I want to make sure I dont try to make a complete comparison. Im not sure of the reference, but I can tell you from our standpoint in our backlog that there has been pressure on pricing I think for at least 24 months. And that has to do with the fact that lack of institutional work out there. We have a big focus ourselves to try to get our backlog margins up. If you track that youd see theyve been under pressure for quite some time. Its not a new phenomenon. I havent seen any new pressure. From our standpoint if the market picks up here Id expect to see our margins and our backlog go up over time. We havent seen that yet. I dont believe theres any extraordinary pressure but I havent seen any relief either.
Robert Barry: Got you. And then maybe a quick one on housekeeping item on the guidance update. So it sounds like its mostly changed due to the currency? I would think that Commodities would have also gotten better. Is it that the currency just got worse by a larger amount? Or whats the dynamic there? Thank you.
Alex Molinaroli: Let me let Brian answer the specifics. I think when we  I think we had a better understanding what Commodities were going do in the last call. And so we forward-project what we thought our Commodities benefit was going be. What we didnt have the view of is how much deterioration wed see in the currency particularly in the Euro. I think what youre probably seeing  Brian, correct me if Im wrong  is that that gap has increased much more than any kind of Commodity positives that weve seen.
Brian Stief: Yeah. I think thats right. I think in Commodities we had a pretty good line of sight on for the rest of the year. I think when you look at the Euro our plan and original guidance, we had the Euro at 130. At the end of our first quarter call it was at 115 and I think now going down to 105. Thats probably about $50 million to $60 million worth of headwind in the second half of the year that we just didnt have line of sight to. Its really  youre right it is primarily the FX piece.
Robert Bruce McDonald: And Rob I would just remind you that we do try and hedge out some of our commodity exposure so we dont get sort of the immediate benefit whereas on FX were talking translation here not transactional. So theres a bit of a lag.
Robert Barry: Right, right. Fair enough. I think you did mention last quarter that Q2 was still going be a headwind then youd see more of the net benefit then the back half.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Yes.
Robert Barry: Yeah. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mr. Patrick Archambault. Sir, your line is now open.
Patrick Archambault: Hi. Yes. Can you hear me?
Robert Bruce McDonald: Hi Pat, yeah.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah.
Patrick Archambault: Just one housekeeping one. Just on the  I think on the backlog you said it was up thats, like, excluding currency right? Sorry the order book. Up 8% thats excluding currency. Can you just tell us what that is including the impact of currency? Just as we think about the revenue cadence and how that compares to last quarter. Thats my first question, if Im thinking about that correctly. And then can you also remind us of the timing for quoting activity, then orders and backlog? I know youve been through this before but I think it would just be helpful as the timing allows for these things to impact the P&L.
Alex Molinaroli: Let me start on that. Im not sure well have all the data that you need but let me directionally give you the information that you need. If we need to follow-up we will. First off when we talk about these orders, its driven by North America because the size of our North American Contracting business is much larger. So the good news there is theres not a lot in translation. Youre not really talking about from a booking standpoint in the U.S. anyway a lot of translation. Thats where we saw the strongest order intake. In this environment thats where we wanted it. And it relates to how long kind of the cycle. Ill kind of go through the whole process for you. If we look at our pipeline, we look at six-month rolling pipeline. When we talk about what we see before we book, its about a six-month view. Thats why we talked about, we have visibility to third quarter and fourth quarter bookings. Once we get a contract in place, youre really talking about a six-month before we really see a substantial movement of the backlog. So were still from a standpoint of being able to translate the bookings that we got this quarter, were not going to see significant revenue on those bookings, until probably sometime in the fourth quarter. So its a bit of a lag. The good news coming out we lag but the bad news going in we lag also but its about six months.
Patrick Archambault: Thats helpful. One other quickly, if I may. The margin improvement in Automotive was certainly very good once again. Can you just remind, how much of that, you pointed to a decent production number obviously in North America, and Europes starting to flatten out which is good. How much of that is just better leverage? How much of that is some of the structural improvements that you guys have been making along the way?
Robert Bruce McDonald: Its Bruce here, Pat. I mean when you just sort of look at, we sort of gave the information here by seating and interior. So seating was up 40 basis points and I guess that business I would say it would be leverage. Interiors were up, went up from about 2.9% up 260 basis points. There its really reflecting a couple things. One its the structural ranges that weve made to restructure the business. And then secondly, and we talked about this sort of for the last few years is the C-class, the Mercedes C-class. The biggest order that weve ever got. Its about $500 million or $600 million in revenue. Its rolling out globally. So thats sort of turning from being a pretty heavy investment that were making in terms of launching that product globally to net now where its kind of enjoying the benefits of it rolling into production.
Alex Molinaroli: The only caveat Id bring to that is we are seeing year-on-year improvement in seating in South America.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Thats true.
Patrick Archambault: And then just as we go forward, I mean on the leverage side for seating, to your point, the information or the registrations coming out of Europe and has been better. Is that an area where youd consider there to be a little bit of upside risk given, I cant remember what number you were using in you guidance for production but it feels like theres upside risk to what IHS has out there which I think is what youre using.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Yeah, I think when we talked to auto team early this week, and I would say looking at what we see for Q3 as being up 4%, 5% from production point of view. So thats better than the numbers that we had quoted. I would say thats despite the fact obviously a place like Russias turned out worse. So net-net it is a tailwind for us here in the next couple quarters.
Patrick Archambault: All right, terrific. Thanks a lot, guys.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Thanks, Pat.
Alex Molinaroli: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mr. Jeff Sprague. Sir, your line is now open.
Alex Molinaroli: Hi Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Hi. Good morning.
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Good morning.
Jeff Sprague: Just a couple ones. Just first back to the institutional verticals. Long overdue obviously and maybe its just kind of the way the cycle plays and its kind of their time so to speak but is there something in particular that you can put your finger on thats actually driving it whether its, I dont know, tax receipts or something that gives you some confidence that we can kind of build on beginning another turn?
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah, so I dont  were getting into political season here shortly. So I dont know that I have any confidence to talk about that. But what I can tell you is that weve seen the reserves build up and certainly state and local governments. Weve seen infrastructure spending go in place. And weve been talking about that for some time. And I think now were starting to see people pull the trigger. Were seeing the same thing with K-12. So you have bond issues, people are working on existing schools and adding to their facilities. I think weve talked about for some time. I think that I dont think this is going be a short lived cycle. I think that the absent something thats happened outside of my ability to predict. I think were going be into kind of a slow cycle of improvement. What Im not sure about but Im encouraged by it is to see the healthcare pipeline is starting to increase and I dont know if I have an answer for why that is yet. But thats one encouraging thing that we havent seen actually come through in orders but were seeing in pipeline.
Jeff Sprague: And this may be a little touch granular but Im just wondering, do you see any negative knock-on effects in some of the oil producing states kind of second derivative impact in the construction trends or anything there?
Alex Molinaroli: Its kind of lost in the numbers to me. Because if you look at where those things are and the type of business that were in, obviously there will be a knock-on effects of some infrastructure. We have not seen that yet. And to the extent we have, its lost in places where its not a significant part of our business.
Jeff Sprague: And then just a quick one on cash flow. Off to kind of a slow start year-to-date. Is there anything in particular that we should think kind of swings the other way in the back half? Any change to your year view there?
Brian Stief: Yeah. I mean cash flows a bit of a soft spot for us. I will say that if you look at the second quarter, we did have some tax payments related to some audit settlements that was just short of $100 million. And then we also had some estimated tax payments in the current year that we didnt have last year as well. Some of them transactional related so I would say as we sit here today, were probably about $250 million to $300 million behind where wed like to be. But half or so of that is related to tax items and the other half unfortunately is not one or two items that we can go attack. There are a number of items $10 million to $15 million here and there globally in trade working capital that we need to go after. So its a priority for us in the second half.
Jeff Sprague: Im sorry just on the tax items, is that simply timing within the year or is that a net headwind versus what you previously expected?
Brian Stief: That would not be timing because it was an audit settlement payment that was not in our plan for fiscal 2015. And then the other item was actually an estimated tax payment that I mean some of that could be timing I guess with the second half. But I guess I wouldnt necessarily view it that way.
Jeff Sprague: Okay. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sir Rich Kwas. Sir, your line is now open.
Richard Kwas: Hi, good morning.
Alex Molinaroli: Hi, Rich.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Good morning.
Richard Kwas: So post yesterdays announcement regarding Kathy, is Glen Ponczak the most important employee at Johnson Controls?
Alex Molinaroli: Thats what we were thinking.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Well, you know what, its interesting that you say that. Ever since Kathys been on the team, things are going a lot better.
Alex Molinaroli: Thats true. Thats true.
Richard Kwas: Then I have my answer there?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes.
Richard Kwas: So Bruce, in terms of the hedging activity as we think  so theres going be benefit later in the fiscal year. How should we think about benefit in 2016 with the lag, if not much changes from here in terms of pricing?
Robert Bruce McDonald: Well, I mean, its hard to say, I guess. We tend to hedge copper really around the quotes that weve got like a quote of hedge in our backlog. So that insulates us from short term volatility. So I dont know if that really saves us. Sort of depend on pricing I guess. But fuels come down. And I expect that well see an increase in benefit as I think expected to flow through to next year. So its kind of a tough one but I do think if you look at kind of a commodity benefit that were going to have here in the third and fourth quarter its probably indicative of a run rate into 2016. Do you have a different view Brian?
Brian Stief: No, I mean, our approach in hedging is really if you look at some of our key commodities were hedging anywhere between 60% and 80% of that on an ongoing basis. So we arent going to see a significant bottom line benefit as a result to some of the commodity prices going down. Well see some benefit, but weve kind of applied that range as far as a comfortable hedging position for us.
Richard Kwas: So the opportunity is really on the structural improvements regarding the operating initiatives?
Alex Molinaroli: Absolutely.
Brian Stief: Thats right, yeah.
Richard Kwas: Okay. Just a follow-up on building efficiency orders in Asia. Could you give us a China number? You know UTC was reported the other day and was a little softer in terms of what theyd seen in their quarter.
Brian Stief: Yeah.
Richard Kwas: So how would you characterize, what was the order rate in the quarter? And then whats the landscape right now as you see quoting activity over the balance?
Robert Bruce McDonald: Yeah. I dont have that  I dont have China bulking so maybe Glen or Kathy [ph] can follow-up on that one. But I would  what I would tell you is, is the  our order intake in China in particular, we tend to be largest in the equipment side. Its very geared towards financing. And so were right now kind of enjoying a little bit of a breather in terms of their loosening some of the financing requirements. And the reason its volatile for financing rich is because most of our orders have a significant prepayment.
Richard Kwas: Okay. So some...
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah.
Richard Kwas: So that may be some of the reason that  may be could help you.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Yeah.
Alex Molinaroli: And Rich, I did see numbers more  its more of a revenue number than a secured number, a backlog number. What I did see is that were given much more growth in our lower tonnage equipment than our high tonnage equipment. The mix seems to be shifting at least right now. So that leads you to believe around infrastructure, in the pace of infrastructure changes, versus other types of construction. So were seeing kind of a shift in mix here a little bit.
Richard Kwas: Is that ultimately a little bit lower margin?
Robert Bruce McDonald: No. I dont know that its lower margin. I think that overall it will be less lumpy. But I think what it is, is for us, it could be in some ways depending how we go to market, but I dont know I would say its lower margin. I just think its a significant shift which leads us to make sure that we have the right products. Thats  when I look at it, it makes it even more important that we have products like we are getting with Hitachi because its talking about the mix of the type of business thats actually growing in China. It goes back to one of the questions we had earlier.
Richard Kwas: Right. Okay. Thanks. Ill pass it on. Appreciate it.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Okay.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from Mr. Brett Hoselton. Sir, your line is now open.
Brett Hoselton: Good morning, gentlemen.
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning, Brett.
Brian Stief: Good morning.
Brett Hoselton: I wanted to ask you just a kind of a macro Europe question. You comment on the call that youre seeing pretty good growth in OE light vehicle sales, and certainly the aftermarket battery business is doing very well. So it kind of seems to suggest that youre seeing signs of life at least in those two areas. I didnt necessarily hear any particularly positive commentary on the BE business out of Europe. So I guess Im kind of generally speaking wondering what are you seeing in terms of general recovery in Europe, and secondly how do we  how do you think that might translate to if at all your BE business?
Alex Molinaroli: So this is Alex. Ill take that. I think what you look at, if you look at our overall numbers theyre down in Europe. One of the things you have to look at. We have retrenched quite a bit in Europe in two ways. One is we got out of our commercial refrigeration business last year which was, it was 200 and something million dollars a year. So that business is out of our ongoing flow. The other thing is that weve changed our go to market in some parts of Europe where were not as much dependent on our branches. So we have less contracting work and more product mix. I think the market is probably the same. I mean, were probably seeing that its not any different than the rest of our businesses. Our participation in that has changed. Essentially because part of our strategy is to not overweight ourselves in Europe as it relates to exposure there. So we probably arent the best parameters for how the markets growing because weve actually restructured and sold some our businesses in Europe.
Brett Hoselton: All right.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Yeah. And maybe just to size that, if you, in BE were about 2.3 billion, Europes at 300 million of it. So its not a significant piece.
Brett Hoselton: Excellent. That answers my final question. Thank you very much gentlemen.
Alex Molinaroli: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mr. Ravi Shanker. Sir, your line is now open.
Ravi Shanker: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Ive had a question on Europe, this time on the battery side. Alex, you said that the European Battery business is doing fairly well.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah.
Ravi Shanker: Especially given the comp with weather. Im surprised to hear that because I believe Europe had a very warm winter this year, as well. And if you listen to some other aftermarket companies decide they seem to have had a pretty hard time dealing with that. So what made it different for you? Was it that the channel was already pretty empty just given last year and that was refilled? What explains you guys doing better than other aftermarket companies in Europe?
Alex Molinaroli: Thats a good question, Ravi. I think that your observation or question is right on. Certainly the first quarter we benefited from the channel being in a different place this year than it was a year ago. I also think that batteries just wont last forever regardless of the weather is and the fact weve had two mild winters, you had 12 more months of wear. The batteries eventually need to be replaced. I dont know theres anything structurally any different than in the past. Weve had a few wins but not the kind of wins that will drive that kind of market share growth. So the channel changes are definitely one and the second is I just think weve had a delay and of one year and being able to replace batteries. The last part is it should make it more structurally sound is remember that Europe when it went down, it went down hard from OE perspective. Now were starting to see the first time replacements of the vehicles that came out of after the recovery started.
Ravi Shanker: Understood, and one more question for Bruce or Brian. Given the moving parts on GWS and FX and lead prices and everything, can you give us an updated revenue guidance number for full year 2015?
Brian Stief: Yeah, we havent updated revenue guidance, Ravi. Rule of thumb is every nickel on the euro is $300 million top line.
Ravi Shanker: Okay.
Alex Molinaroli: And Ravi, just to address, we probably should follow up and get more robust numbers but lead was a revenue headwind for us up to this point. And all of a sudden were starting to see it recover, so I think that its not going to, if it stays at the level its at now, its getting back toward our plan number and back toward last year. But we need to get some more robust numbers than what we have.
Ravi Shanker: Sure. Ill follow up with Glen. Thank you so much.
Alex Molinaroli: Thanks, Ravi. Operator, weve got time for one more.
Operator: Our last question comes from Ryan Brinkman. Sir, your line is now open.
Ryan Brinkman: Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just wondering if you could update how youre thinking about M&A? Obviously, youve done Hitachi, yen thing, GWS electronics, home link, electronics. But are you now sort of more on hold with regard to strategic action or will you continue to be opportunistic here? And then remind us maybe the businesses, the types of businesses youd be interested in and which of your end markets?
Alex Molinaroli: Sure. So Ill take that. And other two can feel free to jump in. So I think with where we are from the standpoint of this whole entire process, I think our initial portfolio actions, I wouldnt say theyre coming to a close but weve really gotten through a lot of the things we talked about a year and a half ago at a pretty good pace and I think our ability to execute on these initiatives has been outstanding. So Im pretty pleased with where we are. As it relates to moving forward, we do want to make sure we make some investments strategically, we are looking. But we want to make sure that were smart about it. We do see adjacencies in both our end markets around our Buildings business and our Battery business that are interesting to us, and we want to make sure if we do something it gives us a platform for growth. And remember that from a regional perspective, whats most important to us is take advantage of the strong position we have North America and the strong position we have in China and Asia. So when we start thinking about our bias, our bias is our Buildings business, our Battery business, its really infrastructure related and our bias is North America weighted North America weighted Asia so that we can make sure we can take advantage of our current position and growth expectations. But I dont think were on pause. I think because of where we are and how weve been able to execute and the ADTI integration is going  we cant really talk about that here. Its going as expected or better, and so I think our confidence is pretty high.
Ryan Brinkman: Great. Appreciate it.
Glen Ponczak: Thanks, everybody. Alex, any closing comments?
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah, so Ill just build on that. I couldnt be more pleased. We had an opportunity, actually in the last few days to meet with our new partner, CBRE, who will be providing services to us and well also be providing services to the commercial market through CBRE and Trammel Crow and their companies. I look  I feel fantastic about not only the transaction but strategically what CBREs going to bring to the market with our GWS employees who are long-term employees that are quite frankly a lot of them are my friends. Ive been here 32 years and a lot of them have been too. And I feel great about that transaction. Its great for our customers. Its great for our shareholders. And its great for our employees. I feel the same way about our Interiors business. Weve now moved from a business, and it looks like were early movers. The business is starting to consolidate as we predicted. We couldnt have a better partner. The strong position that we have in China along with the footprint that we bring from a global perspective to the joint venture is fantastic, once again for our customers, no doubt for our shareholders and our employees are now in a part of a business that is going to invest and grow. So both of those things strategically have been important, and I just cant thank our employees enough. The ability to go through the amount of change that weve gone through over the last year and a half and be able to meet the commitments that weve made year-on-year, and you look at it business-by-business; confidence is continuing to build. And then lastly, our employees embracing the Johnson Controls operating system, and actually taking it on faster and more effectively than what I anticipated. I wouldnt trade the position were in if I could go back a year and a half. And so I feel great about where were at. I think the opportunities in front of us. I think the challenge for us is to make sure that we invest in the right platforms for growth. But our margins continue to improve, not only because of our portfolio actions but also because were executing. So it was a great quarter. I want to thank employees and I appreciate the attention that you guys are paying with us.
Glen Ponczak: Great. Thanks, Alex. Thanks everybody for calling. Kathy [ph] and I will be available for any follow-up for the balance of the day and whatever you need. Good luck with the rest of earnings season.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes todays conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-01-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Antonella Franzen - VP of Investor Relations George Oliver - Chief Executive Officer Arun Nayar - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company Scott Davis - Barclays Capital Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Steve Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc
Operator: Welcome to the Tyco First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All participants have been placed on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Todays conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Antonella Franzen, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Tycos first quarter results for fiscal year 2015 and the press release issued earlier this morning. With me today are Tycos Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver; and our Chief Financial Officer, Arun Nayar. I would like to remind you that during the course of todays call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you look at todays press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that weve included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions, and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. The press release issued this morning and all related tables, as well as the conference call slides, which George and Arun will refer to can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at tyco.com. Please also note that we will be filing our quarterly SEC Form 10-Q later today. In discussing our segment operations, when we refer to changes in backlog and order activity, these figures exclude the impact of foreign currency. Additionally, references to operating margins during the call exclude special items and these metrics is a non-GAAP measure and is reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release. Now let me quickly recap this quarter's results. Revenue in the quarter of $2.48 billion declined 1% year-over-year on the reported basis. Organic revenue growth of 2% and a 1% benefit from acquisitions was more than offset by a 4% negative impact related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Tyco ordinary shareholders was $0.38 and included net charges of $0.11 related to special items. These special items related primarily to restructuring and repositioning charges. Earnings per share from continuing operations before special items was $0.49. Now let me turn the call over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Antonella. And good morning, everyone. We are off to a solid start as we enter the final year of our initial three-year plan as a new Tyco. Although the economic environment in certain regions is shaping up to be a bit more challenging than we had initially expected, the execution of our growth strategy and our disciplined capital allocation position us to accelerate top line growth, expand operating margins, and deliver a strong earnings growth in 2015. Our growth strategy is supported by internal initiatives within our control, driven by our transformation into an integrated fire and security operating company. We have a proven track record of delivering productivity and are beginning to change how we do business by leveraging technology within our direct channel to deliver a sustained growth over the long-term. Over the last two years, we have taken the holding company structure of multiple segments with multiple businesses operating independently with a lot of variation across work streams and processes and have streamlined into an operating company structure. This has allowed us to leverage our depth and expertise across fire and security so that we could simplify our structure, create speed in how we support our customers, free up resources to reinvest in the businesses, and deliver strong margin improvement. We have made significant progress and the Tyco business system has enabled this transformation. As a result, we have a coordinated and aligned strategy that is deployed by business and by region. As we enter 2015, we now have all of our leaders across the company accountable for their total type of performance, not just their individual business units, embracing a one Tyco mindset driven by top line growth supported by continuous operational improvements. We've had a very productive start to 2015 with lots of progress on a number of fronts, including innovation, innovative solutions and M&A, which is summarized on slide 3. As discussed during our recent Investor Day, we have made significant progress in our ability to enhance our service and productivity with the launch of Tyco On, our integrated data and smart services platform. Tyco On provides a set of software-enabled Internet of Things capabilities that enhance safety and security systems using open standards to connect a wide range of intelligent devices, systems and services, enabling customers from small businesses to large multi-nationals to improve their operations. I am pleased to share some examples of how we are delivering differentiated solutions to help address customer needs. First, our ExacTech solution improves efficiency through a service application already in use in our installation and services business. ExacTech allows a single technician to perform fire alarm testing, eliminating the need of a second technician to complete the procedure. By using a mobile application, the technician can test detectors throughout a building and connect remotely to the system's fire panel. In the future, this application will offer cloud enabled the storage and access to testing documentation, providing a more cost effective solution that would appeal to a broad base of customers. Second, we are enabling more complex smart solutions that leverage data from varied devices and systems and apply advanced analytics to reveal insights that lead to better decisions, faster execution, and transformational business outcomes for customers. For example, in over 4,000 retail locations, we are helping retailers tied together data from our RFID tags, video, electronic article surveillance and traffic centers, transforming it into actionable intelligence through our latest release of TrueVue software. With these insights retailers can optimize their inventory management, deliver a more pleasant shopper experience, and maximize revenue. Lastly, we continue to build our global library of system and device integrations. Our integrated solutions platform is now incorporated into our fire detection system certified for European markets. It enables real-time visual verification of fire alarms, allowing immediate and appropriate response and action, providing compelling customer value. In addition to the great progress the team has made, I am very pleased to have Daryll Fogal join our management team as our Chief Technology Officer. Darrell has global responsibility for executing our technology strategy, including the capabilities and operations needed to support the development of products, services, and solutions. Darrell recently joined us after a long career at Honeywell, and most recently Eaton where we he was Chief Technology Officer and Vice President of Engineering for their electrical sector. I am very excited to have Darrell join us in this critical role as we evolve into a growth and innovation company. Turning to M&A, we continue to be very active on the M&A front. During the first quarter, we signed or completed five acquisitions focused on key areas of growth, including a building on our services platform, expanding our presence in growth markets, and growing our product portfolio with all of them strengthening our technology platform. Let me give you a brief summary. Within the UK, we acquired First Choice Facilities, or FCF, which designs, installs, commissions, and maintains a wide range of integrated fire and security solutions. FCF has a strong installed base with a very robust service delivery model, which strengthens our regional footprint and increases are recurring revenue. This acquisition will be reported within our rest of world install and services segment. The remaining four acquisitions are within our global product segment and span across the three platforms of fire protection, security products, and life safety. Within fire protection products, we acquired Shanghai Jindun, a fire suppression products business in China, which complements our organic investments and quickly accelerates our position in a large and expanding Tier 2 market. In security products, we made a majority investments in Qolsys, an IOT developer of the industry's most advanced interactive intrusion platform, supporting life safety, energy management, and other functions. In Life Safety, we acquired ISG Infrasys, a world leader in the design of thermal imaging technology with a reputation for top image quality. Coupled with our Scott brand and customer base, we can significantly leverage ISG's technology. Additionally, within life safety, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire Industrial Safety Technologies, or IST, a leading player in the gas and the flame detection industry. This is the largest transaction to date post separation, and is expected to generate annualized revenues of approximately $140 million. The addition of IST to our life safety product portfolio will bring our customers a full range of safety solutions across both fixed and affordable detection. This acquisition is not only a natural extension of our product portfolio but significantly expands our product offerings within life safety, which can now provide a full breadth of products in flame, gas, and open path detection. IST is a high growth, high profit business with leading technology. We expect to leverage our global sales force and distribution channels to pull through additional IST products. Over time, we intend to expand IST's service footprint which accounts for approximately 25% of its annual revenue. We expect to close the IST transaction towards the end of our second quarter. Altogether, these five acquisitions total approximately $470 million in purchase price, with annualized revenues of $240 million. Subsequent to the quarter end, we signed three additional small bolt-ons for a total purchase price of $45 million, including a service business in North America, a leader in wireless fire detection technology, and a provider of integrated RFID solutions. Together, these three acquisitions are expected to generate annualized revenue of approximately $25 million. For fiscal 2015, we expect these eight acquisitions to add an incremental $175 million to revenue and $0.03 to EPS, excluding the one-time impact of inventory step ups primarily related to the IST acquisition which will be reported as a special item. We still have several nice opportunities in our M&A pipeline which we will continue to work on during the year. These acquisitions along, with the internal investments we continue to make in technology, accelerate our strategic priorities, with a focus on technology platforms that form the foundation of new and innovative solutions, which our direct channel can utilize to solve the problems of our customers. Before we get into the details of the first quarter, I thought I would provide an update on what we are seeing in the significant geographies that impact our performance around the world. Starting with North America, we are continuing to see acceleration in order activity in our earlier cycle fire business. We are also seeing a nice pickup in orders in security, with the first quarter of fiscal 2015 marking the highest install order quarter since separation. It is important to recognize that since separation our North American security business has undergone a significant transformation in strategy and execution. Given recent order activity in both fire and security, we expect our North America install and service business to be a larger contributor to growth in the second half of this year. Turning to Europe, we continue to expect a sluggish environment which continues to bounce along the bottom. Additionally, the added headwind related to the strengthening US dollar is and will continue to put pressure on our businesses. Given our significant restructuring actions over the years, as well as our sourcing and productivity initiatives, we feel well-positioned to continue to expand margins in a relatively low-growth environment. In Australia, we started to see some larger orders come through at the end of our fiscal year, which made us feel somewhat optimistic that we had hit the bottom and would start to see a bit of stabilization. However, the last few months have proven to be more challenging and we are now expecting a mid-single-digit decline in organic revenue for the year, with significant pressure on service revenue. Our team continues to stay close to the market and take actions required to maintain the fundamentals of the business despite the downturn. But in the meantime, this will have an impact on our rest of world install and services results. Turning to our growth markets, we continue to expect double-digit growth in 2015. What is critical in driving this performance is taking the success that we've had in our mature markets, including our depth and expertise, and localizing it so that we can deploy our products and services successfully within these markets. Our organic investments are enhanced by our M&A activity which helps accelerate our ability to develop a local footprint. A perfect example of this is the acquisition we completed this quarter in China, which I spoke to earlier. Let me give you a quick overview of our results for the quarter and Arun will focus on our results for each of our segments. Overall, I am pleased with our start to fiscal 2015. As I mentioned on our fourth-quarter earnings call, the first quarter of fiscal 2014 was a very strong quarter for us, driven by a stronger than normal retail season with a favorable mix. Organic growth of 2% was led by a phenomenal growth quarter in our product businesses which grew 10% organically. Segment operating margin expansion of 30 basis points was slightly ahead of our expectations for the quarter, even after offsetting a 20 basis point headwind related to a labor matter. Earnings per share before special items of $0.49 was at the high end of our guidance and represents a 17% increase year over year. Overall, a solid start to the year. Now let me turn it over to Arun to go through the details of our performance.
Arun Nayar: Thank you, George. And good morning, everyone. You can follow my comments on our financial performance starting with slide 5. Let me start with an overview of our results for the first quarter. Revenue of $2.48 billion declined 1% year over year. As George mentioned, organic revenue grew 2%, led by 10% growth in global products. Within our installation and service businesses, service revenue resumed growth in both North America and rest of world, for a total organic service growth of 1%. Installation revenue was relatively flat year-over-year. Acquisition growth of 1% was more than offset by a 4% headwind related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Before special items segment operating income was $326 million, including an $11 million headwind related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the operating margin was 13.2%. Higher product revenues and the benefits from sourcing, productivity, and restructuring initiatives were partially offset by a legal charge resulting in net operating margin expansion of 30 basis points. Earnings per share before special items increased $0.07 or 17% year over year. Operationally, we delivered an incremental $0.04 of earnings, driven by strong revenue growth in products, along with continued productivity initiatives. The remaining $0.03 of incremental earnings was primarily driven by the benefit of share repurchases during the quarter, offset by $0.02 related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the $0.01 legal charge. Turning to orders, on slide 6, as I've often mentioned in previous quarterly calls, it is important to keep in mind that order growth, particularly in our installation business, is lumpy and can be impacted by the timing of large projects. Orders in the quarter grew 2% year-over-year, with 6% growth in North America and 7% growth in products. Rest of world declined 5% due to pressure in Australia, as well as a tough compare with the prior year. Backlog of $4.8 billion increased to 3% year-over-year and 2% on a quarter sequential basis. Now let's get into the details of each of the segments. Starting first with North America installation and services on slide 7. Revenue in the quarter of $951 million decreased 1% on a reported basis, driven by the weakening of the Canadian dollar. Organic growth was relatively muted in the first quarter as 1% growth in service was offset by a 1% decline in installation revenue. We expect organic growth to increase in the second quarter and accelerate from there in the second half of the year. Before special items operating income in the quarter was $131 million and the operating margin was 13.8%. Operating income included an incremental charge related to a labor wage claim which impacted the operating margin by 60 basis points. Despite unfavorable mix, and the incremental legal charge, the operating margin improved 30 basis points year-over-year, as the impact of these items was more than offset by productivity and restructuring benefits. Overall, orders grew 6% year-over-year in North America installation and services, with installation growth of 13%, driven by a few large orders in security and service growth of 1%. Total backlog of $2.5 billion grew 5% compared with the prior year and increased 1% on a quarter sequential basis. Turning to slide 8, rest of world installation and services revenue of $917 million decreased 6% year over year, driven by a 7% unfavorable impact related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Organic growth was relatively flat, with modest growth in both service and installation revenue. Acquisitions contributed 2% to revenue growth, which was partially offset by the impact of divestitures. Before special items operating income was $90 million and the operating margin decreased 80 basis points to 9.8%. The benefits of productivity and restructuring initiatives were more than offset by the mix of businesses contributing to growth, a lower percentage of high-margin service revenue, as well as the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rates. Turning to order activity in rest of world, total orders declined to 5% year-over-year. Service orders increased 3% and installation orders declined 12% compared to 16% install order growth in the prior year. Backlog of $2.1 billion increased 2%, both on a year-over-year and quarter sequential basis. Turning to global products on slide 9, revenue grew 8% in the quarter to $611 million. Organic revenue growth of 10% was driven by strong growth across all three platforms, led by security products and life safety. A 1% benefit to revenue from acquisitions was more than offset by a 3% decrease to revenue related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Before special items operating income was $105 million and the operating margin was 17.2%. The 130 basis point expansion in operating margin was driven by increased revenues, favorable mix, as well as the benefit of productivity and restructuring initiatives, product orders increased 7% year-over-year. Now let me touch on a few other items on slide 10. First, corporate expense before special items was $55 million for the quarter. We expect corporate expense in the second quarter to be at a similar level. Next, our effective tax rate before the impact of special items was 17.5% for the quarter. We expect the effective tax rate for the second quarter to be in the range of 17% to 18%. As it relates to share count, we repurchased to 10 million shares for $417 million during the first quarter, resulting in a weighted average and quarter-end diluted share count of 427 million shares. Turning to foreign exchange on slide 11, the US dollar has continued to appreciate over the last several months, putting additional pressure on both the top and bottom line. From our November earnings call to now changes in foreign currency exchange rates have put an additional $0.09 of pressure on earnings per share, on top of the $0.07 of pressure we have previously forecasted. Our 2015 guidance now includes a $585 million headwind to revenue which equates to a $0.16 headwind to EPS related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Lastly, I would like to touch on the progress we have made on our restructuring and repositioning plans for this year. To date, we have taken restructuring and repositioning actions resulting in $75 million of charges, and we now expect to be closer to the $150 million estimate we had provided for the year. As these actions are largely related to workforce reductions, the benefits of these actions will be reflected in our results in the second half of this year. We continue to have a strong pipeline of projects that are being executed to simplify our structure and improve operations. Now let me turn things back over to George.
George Oliver: Thanks, Arun. Let's turn now to slide 12 for our earnings guidance for the second quarter starting with the top line. As we move into the second quarter we expect organic growth to accelerate from the 2% we saw this quarter to approximately 3%. Additionally, recent acquisition activity is expected to add an additional 1 point of revenue growth. Given current exchange rates, we expect growth in revenue to be offset by a 6 percentage point or $150 million year-over-year headwind related to changes in foreign currency. Taking these factors into account, we expect revenue in the second quarter to decline approximately 2% year over year on a reported basis. I also want to remind you that the second quarter of last year included a $21 million insurance recovery which was reported within our rest of world install and services segment. If you refer to slide 13, you can see that the insurance recovery benefited the rest of world operating margin by 220 basis points, and benefited total segment margin by 90 basis points. Additionally, this recovery contributed a $0.04 of earnings per share. Looking at the second quarter of fiscal 2015, on a normalized basis, we expect the segment operating margin before special items to expand 50 basis points to approximately 13.5%. Turning to slide 14, we expect operations in the second quarter to contribute approximately $0.05 of incremental earnings year-over-year. Additionally, our expected weighted average share count of 428 million shares in the second quarter is also expected to contribute an additional $0.05 of incremental earnings. This earnings growth is expected to be partially offset by the $0.04 benefit in the prior year related to the insurance recovery and a $0.03 headwind related to foreign currency exchange rates. Taking all of these assumptions into account, we expect earnings per share before special items in the second quarter to be in the range of $0.48 to $0.50, a 4% to 9% increase over the prior year. Compared to a normalized earnings per share of $0.42 in the prior year, this represents a 14% to 19% increase in earnings per share before special items. Moving to our expectations for the full year, on slide 15, we continue to expect organic revenue growth of approximately 4%. However, adjusting for current exchange rates, and including recent acquisitions, we now expect revenue for the full year to be similar to last year on a reported basis. Additionally, we continue to expect the segment operating margin before special items to expand 80 to 110 basis points, excluding the impact of recent acquisitions. While we continue to deliver a strong operating performance, the continued strengthening of the US dollar is putting additional pressure on our results. Our initial earnings per share before special items guidance for the full year of $2.35 to $2.45 has fully absorbed the expected $0.07 headwind related to changes in foreign currency with accelerated productivity and restructuring actions. Current exchange rates have resulted in an incremental $0.09 of foreign currency headwinds which we are able to partially offset with an expected $0.04 benefit from recent acquisitions and additional productivity. As a result, we are updating our full-year earnings per share before special items guidance to be in the range of $2.30 to $2.40, which represents a 16% to 21% increase year-over-year. Thanks for joining us on the conference call this morning. And with that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Antonella Franzen: Good morning, Deane.
George Oliver: Good morning, Deane.
Arun Nayar: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray: First question, just for George, right where you left off on the 2015 guidance update. And really appreciate all the detail you've given here on the currency exposures on slide 11. That's going to be a great reference. But my question is, on that $0.04 offset, the benefit of acquisitions and productivity, just give us a sense that I would hope you haven't burned all your contingency or potential upside for that offset there. But where else that might direct you to the higher end of your guidance, that $2.40, what has to work well and go in your favor to be at the high end?
George Oliver: Deane, we've been working, when we provided the initial guidance back in November, we've been working on contingency because at that time we saw a lot of headwind coming at us from an FX standpoint. So, we've been accelerating our restructuring, accelerating some of the productivity initiatives that has given us some benefit in the second half of the year. Arun talked about it in his prepared remarks, that we accelerated some of the planned restructuring in the first quarter and we're going to see some benefits from that. We also have been executing very well on our growth strategy, continuing to execute not only organic growth but also working on the acquisitions. And the benefits now from the acquisitions that we've been able to complete, we now see $0.03 of benefit in the second half of the year. And so we're going to continue to work. As we laid out our plan, we get about $150 million of productivity on an annualized basis that supports the significant reinvestment in growth, while we're continuing to expand our margins 80 to 100 basis points. And I can assure you that we're continuing to work every opportunity to make sure that we'll be positioned to deliver on the updated guidance that we provided.
Deane Dray: Thank you. And then for my follow-up, and this is for Arun, just as a follow-up on that slide 11, I'd be interested in hearing what types of hedging Tyco can or cannot do. I would presume for global products you've got some transactional hedging with forward contracts but not translational hedging? And then in your answer, maybe how does Tyco's foreign domicile structure play into here in terms of what hedging you can or can't do? And then just remind me, I believe your structure also -- you don't get faced with that cash repatriation issue, and just maybe give us that update as well?
Arun Nayar: Deane, let me just talk start by saying that 75% of our business is install and service where our cost structure and the currency of our cost structure is the same as the currency in which we drive our revenues. So, there is a natural hedge in place there and there is no exposure from a currency perspective. The global products, as you rightly pointed out, is where we manufacture in a few locations and ship our products around the world in different currencies. And that's where we have the transactional exposure. And we do hedge that transactional exposure pretty close to 100% across the world in all the currencies. So, we have no de minimis P&L impact from that transactional exposure on our global products businesses. Now, the headwinds that you are seeing relate to translational exposure as we translate the earnings that we have in different currencies into the US dollar for reporting purposes. That translation exposure we do not hedge. If you were to do that, it would actually create an economic risk to the enterprise. Now, one benefit that we have, keep in mind, is our Irish domicile. As an Irish domicile company we have complete access to our cash across the world on a daily basis, unlike a US domicile company which would have to give it in the cash back. So, we do not have to worry about the repatriation of cash which the US domicile companies have to. Now also, just to keep on the subject of FX hedging and exposure, there are obviously other operational things that we take into account as we look at the exposure, the translationary [ph] exposure. Basically, I look at three things. One is pricing. And particularly in high inflation countries, we make sure that our pricing stays ahead of the inflation rate so that the fundamentals of the business remain intact. The second is our supply chain network. We have a very sophisticated supply chain network, led by a big leader in Andrea Greco, and he is constantly optimizing that supply chain to make sure that we are getting the benefits of the currency movements. And the third that George and I had referred to earlier is the cost rationalization. Clearly that's another lever. You saw us pull that lever pretty strongly in the first quarter ahead of the $0.07 headwind that we had initially expected. And that lever stays in place.
Deane Dray: That was great color. Thank you.
Arun Nayar: Thanks, Deane.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks a lot. In the rest of world installation and service business, I think excluding currency your EBIT was down around 5% year on year. Maybe just talk about how much of that was Australia. And also what you expect the full-year rest of world margins to do versus last year now? Thank you.
Arun Nayar: Well, Julian, if you look at our year-on-year compare for rest of world, we had a $8 million headwind from foreign currency exchange rates. So, if you look at it, the $90 million that we reported for Q1, that adds up to $98 million, and that's a pretty comparable in dollar terms to what we had last year. As we think about our rest of world business, basically Europe, which is about 50% of rest of world, is, like George mentioned in his prepared remarks, pretty stable. And the fundamentals of the business, the margins are expanding in a very low-growth environment. Australia is where we are seeing deterioration, and a large part of what you see here is really driven by Australia. And the second piece is our growth markets, which is where the growth is coming from. So, growth markets are delivering the growth that we expected but, as you know, our growth markets, the service component in our growth markets is lower than the install component, and therefore the margins in the growth markets tend to be lower. And as they're growing, we expect the service platforms to build over a period of time. But in the meanwhile, it is creating a headwind in terms of the overall results we are seeing for rest of world.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. Should the rest of world margins expand this year versus last year for the year as a whole?
Arun Nayar: Given the deterioration that George referred to in the Australian market, we expect the rest of world margins to stay more or less flat to prior year.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. And then my follow-up would be on the overall service business, I think you'd guided for 2% to 3% service sales growth this year Company-wide. I think first quarter was up about 1%. So, based on Australia, do you also think that global number of 2% to 3% for the year will be difficult to hit now?
George Oliver: Yes. We've taken that into account. As we look at our service growth of the 2% to 3%, if you look at it sequentially we're down 2% in the fourth quarter, first quarter we're up 1%. It is absolutely core to our growth strategy. We're making lots of investment in technology, we're embedding that technology in new solutions. And then with that base, that's given us the opportunity to be able to build new services on top of that. And, so, in spite of the headwind in the first quarter we had 50 basis points of service growth headwind because of the Australian decline. Even with that, we are positioned to be able to deliver the 2% to 3% service growth. And that's also helped by some of the acquisitions that we've been able to be successful in completing.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Morning. I was wondering if you could just elaborate a little bit more on the nature of what's going on in Australia. And what I mean by that is, I think about sluggish economy I would think that would be hitting install harder than service. But clearly you are intimating or saying outright that it's really the service business that's taking a hit. So, what is actually causing that? Is there new competition? Is there some other change in competitive dynamics?
George Oliver: Yes. Jeff, I'll take that one. It is a big market so let me just give you the fundamentals. About 17% of our rest of world is split somewhat equally between fire and security. The difference here is we've got about 70% service revenue. And, now, as we saw the decline in mining well over a year ago, and that started last year and continued through the year, we saw a continued decline in that space, which was a big vertical segment for us. And then with the impact that that has had on the economy, it's had a more broad-based impact on the other end markets that we support. Now, I thought in the latter part of last year we started to see some green shoots with some of the new projects coming to market that we've been successful in being able to win, but the continued downturn in the overall service segment has been what has hit us here early this year. Now, what I would say is that, when you get into this situation, we do have some undisciplined competitors. And what we do is make sure that we stay focused on how we create value in getting the return for the value that we create. And as we've gone through these cycles in the past, whether it be in Europe and other distressed markets, we come out the other end better, and positioned to be able to accelerate the growth with the investments we continue to make. And so we're seeing now, we're projecting that it's going to be down kind of mid to upper single digits here in Australia. But I can assure you that the work that we're doing locally, in maintaining the fundamentals and the investments we continue to make that will support that business longer-term, it'll be well-positioned to be able to deliver profitable growth.
Jeff Sprague: And then kind of shifting gears maybe to the other side of the coin, the strength in North America, can you provide a little bit more color on anything that jumps out on vertical markets driving that? And maybe a little bit of elaboration on the transition to some strength now or more strength on the security side?
George Oliver: Sure. As you've seen in our orders over the last three quarters, we've seen nice pickup in installation orders in North America. And it's been not just fire. It's been also across security. So, that has been what's been building the backlog and gives us tremendous confidence in being able to now generate the revenue in the second half of the year. When you look at what's driving it, some of the key verticals for us are the commercial space, the institutional space, healthcare, as well as retail. And it's been more broad-based across the end markets that we serve. We see the order rates continuing, which gives us a lot of confidence not only in delivering the revenue. The 3% organic growth in North America for the year, but also continuing to build the backlog that will position to continue to accelerate that growth as we go into 2016.
Jeff Sprague: Is price positive in North America?
George Oliver: We're very disciplined on price across all of what we do. And we're making sure that as we're building fundamentals that we continue to get price for the value that we create with the type of solutions that we deploy.
Jeff Sprague: And then just finally, and I'll move on, on share repurchase, George or Arun, you've got $1 billion left. You're active on M&A but it sounds like near term the pipeline's partially exhausted anyhow. Should we expect you to do something in the neighborhood of $1 billion in 2015 utilizing the balance sheet a little bit?
Arun Nayar: Jeff, the pipeline is by no means exhaustive. We are still looking at a very robust pipeline of M&A activity. You saw the three deals we closed already in Q2. There are others that are near the end point of that process of completing the due diligence, et cetera. So, we are looking at a few other transactions, Jeff. And like I've said in the past, as well, this remains our highest priority. We're going to allocate capital to that. You can see the benefits we're getting even in the back half of this year. But M&A can be lumpy and if these transactions don't come through, we will use the cash that we have to buy back. Now, keep in mind, Jeff, any buybacks that we do in the balance of the year is going to have very little impact on the share count because of the way the calculation works.
Jeff Sprague: Yes. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. Thanks. Good morning.
Arun Nayar: Good morning, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna: I was going to ask, at ROW what are your expectations now for backlog progression through the year and just orders by the various offerings, installation versus service? Was this just a tough compare period? But when you look forward does it get better? If you could just comment on what you are seeing.
George Oliver: Yes, we're projecting to continue to build backlog in rest of world. We did have the tough compare from the first quarter of last year where we had 16% install growth and then this year we showed that it was down 12%. We're continuing to build backlog. It supports overall growth of roughly -- originally we said without the downturn in Australia we'd be 3% to 4% growth. We've got backlog that we're building that supports now getting to 2% to 3% organic growth.
Arun Nayar: Yes. And also, Gautam, I'd just like to reinforce the fact that you saw the negative numbers for rest of world here for Q1. But in absolute dollars, our orders have actually increased from Q4 to Q1. So, sequentially, actually, if you look at it, rest of world install orders went up 6.5% and total orders went up 3%.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. That's helpful. And you mentioned you're seeing some undisciplined competition in Australia and you're trying to stick to your own discipline. I just wondered, in that backlog build, are you anticipating any net price erosion or any erosion in the margin that's implied within that? Or should it continue to trend upwards this year?
George Oliver: It starts with staying disciplined to the fundamentals that we've built across the enterprise. And this has been over a number of years. If you look at the work that we did in Europe, as an example, over the last five years, we have taken businesses that were low single-digit profitability. We've got now profitability in the teens. And a lot of that is making sure that we're focused on the right projects, we're pricing those projects accordingly, we're building an install base that then presents the opportunity to be able to accelerate services. When you look at our performance in Europe today, we're gaining share while we're continuing to grow in a tough economy, and expand margins. When we look at the fundamentals in Australia, we're going through a similar cycle, that as the market turns down and there's more pressure around the current business that we have, we stay disciplined in making sure that we create the most amount of value for the customer that we serve; and that through the cycle we come out in a position that we're going to be able to accelerate the progress going forward. And the backlog, the key thing to look at when you look at margin and backlog across the board, we continue to improve the margin backlog. And across the enterprise, we're up roughly 50 basis points year on year in spite of the current environment.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And one last one and I'll turn it over. At global products, you've had fairly substantial order growth and sales growth for a number of years now. If you look forward, are there any product transitions like we had last year with the Air-Paks or anything else that would slow that product growth or accelerate it as we move forward? Because we are obviously on tougher comps as we move forward.
George Oliver: Gautam, so if you look at our performance in the quarter, what I would say is across the board our three product businesses are executing phenomenally. And even with the pickup of the volume in the life safety business and the Scott business, that only equates to 1% or 2% of the overall volume in the first quarter on the growth. So, across the board we're getting a nice growth and it's across every one of our product segments. And the investments that we continue to make, we're getting good traction with those investments, we're getting good pricing, which then in turn has given us good margins and good acceleration of growth.
Gautam Khanna: So, cCould you quantify what you anticipate the organic to be in this segment through fiscal 2015?
George Oliver: Yes, we're still projecting that we're going to be mid to upper single digits. We're off to a great start. Like I said, the investments we're making we're getting good traction. I think what we're going to see is we've been very successful also completing product acquisitions. With these product acquisitions, when you put these within our portfolio, leveraging our brands and our distribution, we get a natural lift in how we then get additional volume not only on the new product but also the existing product. And, so, we're very excited with the progress we made with acquisitions, what that will do to extend our footprint and extend our portfolio that we'll be able to leverage organically going forward.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
George Oliver: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Scott Davis with Barclays Capital
Scott Davis: Hi. Good morning, guys.
George Oliver: Morning, Scott.
Arun Nayar: Morning, Scott.
Scott Davis: The labor wage claim line item, the 60 basis points, was that expected? I don't recall seeing that before, to that magnitude. And I don't think you really fully answered Jeff's question earlier on whether you're actually getting price or not, because I would assume that there be some natural inflation that you'd have in your pricing that would help offset that labor on an annual basis.
George Oliver: This was a legacy labor issue that went back past the previous couple of years that's been resolved. As far as pricing, we get on an annual basis about 0.5 points net price across the enterprise. We're seeing that accelerate within the current environment. And that'll be 0.5% to 1% over the year. We're very disciplined in making sure that we are getting the traction on the price, and very sensitive to what's happening with the volatility across the globe.
Scott Davis: Okay. Fair enough. And then the Tyco On, I don't think we've spent much time talking about -- I know you went through it a bit on the investor day, but what does it really mean for you guys and how do we measure it? What I'm asking is, does it mean better pricing, higher margin? Is there a way to measure take rates or is there some other way we can think about your penetration and how your customers are willing to pay more for this service?
George Oliver: What it does, Scott, is we build enterprise software that can be embedded in all of the solutions that we deploy, that gives us tremendous opportunity to expand the type of service that we provide. And I'll use a couple of examples. In the retail space, with our TrueVue software, now with the enterprise software that we're deploying, the capabilities that we're creating, our new release with our store performance solution software is going to enable our TrueVue suite to operate mobile devices with our customers, at the retail customers. This will now enable them to improve productivity of their store personnel with that type of solution. It's the enablement of that that is creating additional service and then, with that, additional productivity for the customers that we serve. Another good example is ExacTech which we talked about. Not only does it enable us to be much more efficient with how we perform the service, but the capabilities that we create with the data that we extract, and then the analytics that we apply to that data, gives us a new service that we can offer to our customers to be able to grow the top line. And then on the integrated solutions, when you look at fire and security equipment that's deployed across any one of our customer base, the ability to be able to integrate that in an efficient manner, collecting data and then being able to again apply analytics, that it gives us additional services to offer, is what enables that. And, so, it's not a standalone product that you would see revenue on but it's supporting our ability to be able to accelerate the deployment of our technology and then build new services on that technology that will accelerate our growth. And that is why, when you look at our growth, when we project growth in service, we're in the early stages of deploying this technology, but the capability that it creates for us to be able to build new services is pretty significant longer term.
Scott Davis: Okay. Sounds promising. Good luck, guys. I'll pass it on.
George Oliver: Thanks.
Arun Nayar: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning.
George Oliver: Morning, Nigel.
Antonella Franzen: Morning, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Yes, thanks. A couple things. Just want to clarify a couple details on the margin guides. You mentioned flat rest of world margins. Is that flat reported or is that flat ex the insurance recovery in 2Q 2014?
Antonella Franzen: For the full year, it was intended to be for the full year it'll be flat as reported.
Nigel Coe: Okay. So 50 bps ex the insurance comp.
Antonella Franzen: Yes.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Great. And then you're talking about the margin expansion same as before but excluding the impact of acquisitions, which makes perfect sense. But what sort of impact do you expect from the acquisitions?
Arun Nayar : What we talked about is the $0.03 of accretion for this year. And obviously, because it's partial year and there are purchase price accounting pieces that go into it, for the run rate we expect it to be more like, it will give us $0.10 to $0.12.
Nigel Coe: $0.10 to $0.12. So, the impact to margins would be about 20 bps or so?
Antonella Franzen: Yes, we'll clearly have some impact on the overall segment margin related to the amortization related to the step-up of intangibles on the stock. And we're currently going through all the valuations. But the biggest significance would be in global products because that's where a majority of the acquisitions are, including the largest one, IST. So, I mean, rough estimate it could have about a 50 basis point impact on margin there, really being driven by the non-cash amortization expense.
Nigel Coe: Right. So 50 bps in products. Okay. That's really helpful. And then just want to go into next level detail on the service orders and the distinction between contractual and non-contractual services. Do we only see the orders for the non-contractual services?
Antonella Franzen: The service order number is all in.
Nigel Coe: Thats all in.
Antonella Franzen: Contractual as well as non-contractual.
Nigel Coe: Okay. So, I'm wondering, what is the lag between installation growth and the service order growth, because I'm assuming that a good portion of these installations come with attached service?
George Oliver: It varies, Nigel, depending on the type of installation that we perform, whether it be a security installation that requires monitoring. It's immediate, we get immediate traction. If it's a fire solution that we install, and then after a warranty period then we pick up a preventative maintenance agreement. It could be two years out. So it varies, it's hard to say. And, so, what we're obviously working to do is making sure that we can embed technology up front within the installations that we perform that then gives us the opportunity to be able to create more value right out of the gate with the customers that we serve. And, so, with the new technology that we've been developing, that's going to help us be able to pick up a higher percentage right after the immediate installation of the solution.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then just a quick one on the acquisition pipeline. It's been really fertile and it sounds like there's a few more in the hopper. But what's changed? We've clearly seen a big pickup in activity. Are we seeing more active sellers? Are we seeing more associates [ph] to come to the table? Are you being more aggressive internally? Are we seeing bid off spreads narrowing? What's driving that pickup?
George Oliver: So, when you look at our strategy, M&A has been a core part of our overall strategy since we launched the new Tyco. We've been very aggressive in building a pipeline. As you know it does take time to build that pipeline. And, so, over the last two-and-a-half years, a lot of what is coming to fruition now are things that we've been working on, in some cases, multiple years. So, as we are building the pipeline we're obviously in the current environment, we're playing offense. And we think that from a discipline standpoint we're staying disciplined. But these have been very strategic in expanding our technology, expanding our product portfolio, enhancing the services that we can offer, and then helping us accelerate the deployment of our footprint in the growth markets. And if you look at these eight that we completed so far this year, not only do we get a pick up in the second half but it positions us well to be able to deliver on the commitments that we had made in 2016 and then beyond. We're building that base and we're very pleased with the progress we've made. We've got a very robust pipeline. With our Irish domicile we use that as a position of strength and go on offense in making sure that we can get the returns that we need with these types of acquisitions.
Nigel Coe: Okay, so it's more of a timing issue than anything fundamental in the market.
George Oliver: Truly timing, Nigel. We've been very active. When we launched the new company as the industry leader, with the position that we have, we have a tremendous position to continue to consolidate and differentiate with technology. So, it's a combination of consolidate, and differentiate with technology that's positioning us to be able to accelerate growth.
Nigel Coe: Okay. I'll leave it there. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Shannon O'Callaghan, UBS.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Good morning.
George Oliver: Good morning, Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan: By the way, the earnings release and the slides are significantly improved and really helpful, so thanks for that.
George Oliver: Thank you.
Shannon O'Callaghan: On the North American install orders, obviously we've seen this sharp improvement. Arun, I think you mentioned there were a few large security orders in there, and obviously these things can be lumpy. But what do you think the underlying rate is if you adjust for some lumpiness in large orders? What do you think we are really running at there?
Arun Nayar: I think, Shannon, the way I've talked about it in the past, as well, is a good metric is the backlog. We're saying that the backlog in North America increased 5% year over year. That is probably a best reflection of what the underlying growth is.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay. That's great. And then just on the service growth, Australia obviously continues to be -- just when you thought it was down, it's down more. This 2% to 3% service in 2015, is that an organic number or is the Australia pressure offset by the acquisitions?
George Oliver: Yes. We're still targeting 2% to 3% organic. Certainly as we get additional service capability from the acquisitions that helps us because we might not have the capabilities that we need in particular regions to be able to accelerate. We look at it combined but we're still targeting to be in that range from a service growth standpoint.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay. And the acquisitions will kick into your organic service growth the next year because you think they'll benefit your service.
George Oliver: Right. It'll be more like next year. Short-term it could incrementally help us here offsetting some of the pressure that we're getting in Australia. But longer term it'll position us very well to be able to accelerate.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Antonella Franzen: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Thank you The final question today is from Steve Winoker with Bernstein.
Steve Winoker: Thanks for fitting me in. I appreciate it. Good morning. Just to clarify again, the organic growth for the whole Company going from 2% to 3%, and then implied 5%-plus for the back half of the year, is that all North America? Or how much of that is North America versus the other two units?
Antonella Franzen: North America we expect for the full year to be around the 3% range on an organic basis. Rest of world is around the 2% to 3%, and then products would be in the mid to high single digits.
Steve Winoker: But the acceleration I'm talking about. Most of that sounds still like North America in products.
Antonella Franzen: North America and rest of the world.
Steve Winoker: Okay.
George Oliver : Yes. When you look at North American we pick up, Steve, on the first half of the year it's relatively low on the system, and so it was actually down a bit in the first quarter. We pick it up in the second quarter and then it continues to accelerate in the third and fourth quarter. That's the big impact on the year to deliver on the 3%.
Steve Winoker: Okay. And then if you think about that in terms of the service acceleration that you used to talk about, George, obviously Australia, we've talked about that a lot on the call, is a challenge. But more broadly speaking, are you actually seeing metrics showing traction and acceleration in the service business in pockets of the world that you think you are going to be able to extrapolate to a broader part of the business? What's your sense for that?
George Oliver : Yes, when you look at service historically, it's a segment of the business that we've never had high growth. On the other hand, it hasn't decreased significantly. The investments that we have been focusing on, not only in our product business but now with the enterprise software, is what's going to change the profile longer term. If you look at the investments we're making, so when you look at the R&D increase year on year, it's up about 10%, or it's roughly $35 million, $40 million. There's a high mix of that investment that's building capability so that when we install a system we're going to be much better positioned to be able to create services on top of that system with the enterprise software. So, we don't get the traction, there's not an immediate pickup in short term, but longer term, with the systems that are being deployed, it gives us a much better base to be able to solve customer problems, create value in solving those problems, and then we ultimately get paid through service. The traditional service continues to track with GDP. The acceleration of service will come through the new offerings.
Steve Winoker: Okay. And then just one last one, you've used the UK as a great example of cost saves and other, and customer service benefits, of integrating across the two businesses broadly, fire and security. And that's obviously -- and we're seeing the benefits much more broadly now in this margin expansion. But are there other examples that you could point to that we could understand that are showing that you're getting that kind of benefit elsewhere in the world now?
George Oliver : Sure. I'll give you a couple of examples that are close to home here. If you go to the TIS business in North America, the security business, when you look at the last two years, separating the business from ADT, standing up a separate structure, and then improving margins, we've improved that business by over 400 basis points. And positioned now to be able to be very strategic in how we go to market and build the install base that allows us to be able to then build services. Another good example would be Canada. We have a new leader in Canada. We combined our fire business with our security business, put that together into one structure, and had significantly improved the margin rate as a result. And as a business, that is actually growing as fast as any of our businesses in North America as a result of the work that we've done. We've upgraded the leadership. We put in one structure. We've developed the competencies that are required. And now we are positioned to accelerate as a result Those are two good examples in North America and we have similar examples across the rest of the world.
Steve Winoker: Okay. I'll leave it there. Thanks. That was helpful color.
George Oliver: Thanks, Steve.
Antonella Franzen: I'd like to pass it over to George for some closing comments.
George Oliver: So, just to wrap up, I want to thank everyone again for joining our call this morning. I want to reiterate that we're off to a solid start in 2015. Despite the macro concerns, I've never felt better about how well we are positioned and how our leaders are executing on our fundamentals. This, along with our growth strategy, gives me confidence that we are well-positioned for long-term growth and continued strong returns for our shareholders. On that, operator, that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Glen Ponczak  VP Alex Molinaroli  Chairman & CEO Bruce McDonald  Vice Chairman & EVP Brian Stief  EVP & CFO
Analysts:  Colin Langan  UBS Robert Barry  Susquehanna Brian Johnson  Barclays Emmanuel Rosner  CLSA John Murphy  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Patrick Archambault  Goldman Sachs
Operator: Welcome and thank you all for standing by. (Operator Instructions). Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objection, please disconnect at this point. Now I will turn the meeting over to your host, Vice President, Glen Ponczak. Sir, you may begin.
Glen Ponczak: Thank you, Madison and welcome to the Johnson Controls Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. The slide presentation can be accessed at johnsoncontrols.com by clicking the Investors link at the top of the page, then scroll down to the Events Calendar section. This morning, Chairman and CEO Alex Molinaroli will provide some perspective on the quarter. He'll be followed by Vice Chairman and Executive Vice President Bruce McDonald for a review of business unit results. And finally, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Brian Stief will talk about the company's overall financial performance and give you a peek at our expectations for the first quarter of fiscal 2015. Following our prepared remarks we will open the call for questions and we're scheduled to end at the top of the hour. Before we begin, I'd like to refer you to our full forward-looking statement disclosure in the news release and the slide deck and remind you that today's comments will include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include required regulatory approvals that are material conditions for proposed transactions to close, the strength of the U.S. or other economies; automotive vehicle production level, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, availability of raw materials and component products, currency exchange rates and cancellation of or changes to commercial contracts; as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A Part 1 of Johnson Controls' most recent annual report on Form-K for the year-ended September 30th. Johnson Controls disclaims any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this presentation. And with that, we'll get started. Alex?
Alex Molinaroli: I'm pretty excited to be here today. We've finished our first year  my first year and I'm really proud to talk about our record earnings from our continuing operations and also our earnings per share. At the beginning of the year, we talked about the way that we thought the building market would work and even the battery market. And we were surprised  I think all of us were surprised with the tough market and the slow recovery. Of course, on the upside we were surprised, all of us, about the production levels really across the globe from an automotive perspective and all that being said, if you look at our margin improvement across the board regardless where we had great growth or not. I'm really proud of what the team has accomplished. The effectiveness, efficiency and quality of the products that we're putting in place, the processes are in place, are coming through and the results. You look across the board; everything from automotive which is at a record net income, almost 6%. I don't think we've ever done that in our history. I'm extremely proud. In fact today I'm in Plymouth with our automotive team. So if we're a little bit clumsy today, the rest of the team is in Milwaukee. Let's talk about some of the things we did because what makes me so proud of the team is that we were able to accomplish all of this while we had so much going on. And I don't know  I've only been with the company 30 years. So I don't know what happened before the 30 years, but I could tell you in the 30 years that I've been here. I don't know that we've tried to undertake as many things as we've done in the last year. And we've done that without skipping a beat on our operations. In fact, our operations have improved. I would like to go through a few of the things. We've changed some of our capital allocations philosophy and we started our share repurchase program. We increased our dividend; we began implementing the Johnson Controls Operating System. We'll talk more about that when we see you in December, but essentially that's leveraging our best-in-class manufacturing, our integrated supply chain capabilities, our purchasing scale and capabilities, commercial excellence programs, across the enterprise and we've had a tremendous amount of success and in fact, I think are further ahead than what I expected at this particular time. So a lot of things happened in our portfolio, with the acquisition of ADT, the increase in BE's products and channels to market, it's going very well. I have the opportunity to sit in with that team and the ADT integration is going at or better than the pace that I expected from the standpoint of the team being on-boarded. Our new employees seem to be well integrated and our new customers seem to be very happy with Johnson Controls being part of their solution. It seems like a long time ago when we divested the electronics, but it wasn't that long ago, so we were able to complete that this year. We set up the MOU with Hitachi. It's very important to us to be able to acquire some of the technologies that we need for our building efficiency business. We announced our joint venture with the interiors, one of our partners in China and taking that global joint venture which will be the largest and most profitable interior business in the world, taking that globally and we look forward to closing that in 2015. Recently we announced some reorganizations, particularly within the building efficiency business. We separated the field operation in North America from the products and channel business and we put Bill Jackson in charge of the building efficiency business, and I will come back to that in a few minutes. And then recently we announced our decision to divest the global workplace solutions. I will also make sure that you understand not only did we have that distraction going on within the business, but they were able to have one of the best years in the history of that business not only on the bottom line, but they've been securing orders here in the last few months. Around our operational improvements, the metals, month-after-month, quarter-after-quarter seems to be on a path to continuous improvements, and the interiors improvement is really not  it's almost breathtaking what they have been able to accomplish. It's a real turnaround and it makes our joint venture arrangement much easier and much more successful as we come together with our partner. And if you look at our profitability in the automotive business, I referenced that we've never seen these profitability levels. And we're not done. The team is confident and moving forward. I feel really good about what we've accomplished in our automotive business. Let's talk about the management changes, with all this going on, I think were at a place in our organization that we need to take advantage of the strong bench that we have. We have got great leaders and I think that our ability to take advantage of that leadership will help us keep on pace to make sure that we can transform this organization while we meet our annual budget. Let me go through these changes. I announced that Bruce McDonald would be Vice Chairman and if I talk about what Bruce is going to do, Bruce is probably one of the best CFOs in the Fortune 500, but he's really become CFO plus and I think the folks that know him know that Bruce has always done his job and a little bit more. And so what were trying to do is make sure we take advantage of his capacity and not only his capacity but the fact that we have good succession planning. So Bruce will be managing our corporate development group, our M&A activities. He is consolidating our purchasing activities across the company. He will be managing our discontinued operations and he's leading our multiyear, $1 billion ERP system implementation. He will also provide additional operations support and oversight for the organization and I'm really happy to have a partner like Bruce on the team. We couldn't do that without a great CFO. I think a lot of you know Brian Stief. Brian has been with us for four or five years, but before that he was off and on our partner with PWC. This is going to be a seamless transition and you'll get more and more exposure to Brian as we move forward. I referenced Bill Jackson. I think that Bill's resume, even just talk about what he's done since he's been at Johnson Controls. I think he's the right guy for the job. He was very successful in turning around both our electronics and our interiors business. He was a part of the GWS transformation activities. I think that Bill is going to hit the ground running. He is more than pretty excited about the role that he has and I expect great things from Bill and the team at building efficiency. And then last but not least, we talked earlier in the year announced about Beda Bolzenius [ph] moving to Shanghai to lead not only the automotive business which is becoming more and more centered in Shanghai, but also becoming the Vice Chairman for Asia Pacific as we put our second headquarters there allowing us to make the kind of investments in the future that we need to maintain our leadership position. Let's talk about the fourth quarter, it's pretty obvious, I'm pretty happy with what was accomplished, 3% growth on the top line. I wish it was more, but the markets weren't helping us. But in spite of that, you can see that our segment income, up 11%, all-time record and then our EPS due to our operations and our buyback up 14% to $1.04. I'll just keep saying it; the amount of change that the organization has gone through and our ability to stay focused is something to be proud of. I would like to spend a little bit of time on building efficiency. It's been the one thing that's been a frustration and nagging at us, at least over the last year and really for the last few years and I haven't been willing to make a whole lot of commitments about when we were seeing the turnaround in the marketplace, but I have a smile on my face just so you know. I would like to talk about what we saw in the quarter. Our sales for the applied equipment was up 22% versus Q4 in 2013. The industry grew at 10%. So we gained some share, but the industry growth is probably the most important part of this for us. And we've seen it across the board. It's not just in the commercial markets. Not all the institutional markets, but if you look at healthcare, local government, the federal government  we're seeing projects  not only are we securing projects, but we're also seeing projects on the Board and our pipelines are improving. In the light commercial, I really wanted to highlight our ADT growth. Were in-line with the market and in-line with our expectations. At this point, I think that's the right message, because we just want to make sure that we are able to integrate everyone effectively and assure our new customers that they will be taken care of well. And one part of our business that didn't perform from a top line as we hoped it would was our residential business. Our sales were flat; the market grew for the quarter. A big part of that was the fact that we've changed some distribution in some of our key markets. So as we get through that, were going to have a period here until we come out of that change. I would like to come back about our secured, first time no matter how you slice it up, first time in a year that we've seen growth, 2% growth ex-FX  ex-FX ADT. We're seeing the billings from Architectural Monthly AIA go up. You can see that on the chart and if you look at our pipelines which are usually looking out six months, we're seeing some significant projects on the board. So, for the first time  and you know I've been reluctant  I feel like there is some momentum in the business and unless something external happens, I think we've hit the bottom. So let's talk about going into next year. We've got great momentum. I do think that this year will be a year of execution. We have many things going on within the businesses around improvements, around continuous improvements, around integration of activities and we also have portfolio changes and different initiatives that are happening at the enterprise level. We continue to invest in our long term, but we need to keep working on this margin expansion and when we get to talk to you in December. We will have more about that, but I'm pretty bullish that we will continue to expand our margins. And the last thing I would like to leave you with and this is important, is that I'm not looking for any portfolio changes, significant portfolio changes particularly as it relates to divestitures. I guess that's the way to talk about it; over the near term, over the next few years. We right now are pretty happy with the businesses that we have. We look across our portfolio, we have great businesses and we have some platforms whether it be technology or regional for growth. We do need to add value to those platforms, but we do think we have great platforms moving forward. So with that I'm going to turn it over to Bruce and he can give you some more fourth quarter highlights.
Bruce McDonald: Okay. Thanks, Alex and good morning, everyone. So let me just start on slide 9, with automotive. Maybe just to comment, as I talk through the business results, I'm going to exclude the number of nonrecurring items that we had in this year and last year and Brian will take you through those in his comments. But just starting with automotive, I think it's probably fair to say we just couldn't be more pleased with the results that we saw for our automotive businesses both here in the fourth quarter and also for the full year. We saw strong improvements in our metals business in our European operations, in South America and certainly last but not least, our interiors business and if you look at our margins in the fourth quarter and the full year, significant year-over-year improvement. The other thing I would note as it relates to automotive is we did maintain a disciplined approach to quoting new business during the year. We've talked about focusing on winning customers, focusing on higher growth markets in China and we were pleased to talk to  for the full year, we booked a record amount of new and replacement business as we saw our customers really take advantage of the fact that we've got differentiated technology that we can offer. We have a global, low-cost footprint. We've got global launch and program management capabilities and we just continue to be pleased to get the recognition from our customers with significant new business awards. And the areas where I would really point to would be metals. We have won a number of large metals, huge contracts, huge multi-year, multibillion-dollar contracts that we thought was going to happen in the industry as customers commonize their seating metals platforms. We were really able to take advantage of that with the footprint that we have. In China, our metals business  we started a couple years ago at low single digits. Our market share now is nearly up to the 20% level. Interiors, we talked on our last call about new business wins in our interiors business as the customer is really embracing the joint venture that we're putting together with Yanfeng Automotive Trim Systems. In North America I would note in the quarter we won our first BMW. They've been a long  this is the interiors side, our first BMW order. We've done business with BMW for a long time in Europe and in China, but this was our first award in the interior side in North America. We will talk a lot more about our backlog at the December analyst meeting, but I thought it was important just to sort of share with you the tremendous success we've had on the customer front here. So if you just look at the numbers, you can see from an automotive perspective our sales were up 3%. Each of seating and interiors were up 3%, respectively. If you look at our geographic revenue mix, in North America we were up 6%, so a little bit below the 8% uptick in the North American market. In Europe, our revenues were down 1%, generally speaking in-line with the industry reduction. You can see here and as we noted on our slides in China, we continue to see really strong momentum in that market as we gain share. As you know, most of our business is through nonconsolidated joint ventures and you can see in the fourth quarter here we are seeing our sales were up 17% to $1.8 billion which substantially outpaced the 8% improvement in estimated production for the region. If you look at China for the year, we really hit a milestone this year. Our sales grew by about 25% to slightly over $7 billion, so that's a huge year-over-year increase and really reflects the share gains that we have in that region. Turning to profitability, you can see in the fourth quarter our segment income of $261 million was up 27% versus last year and our margins were up 100 basis points. We continue to benefit from strong operational improvements in metals and interiors and our cost reduction initiatives and get the benefit from a contribution level of higher overall volumes. In terms of margins, seating was up 20 basis points to 5.2% and interiors was up significantly 360 basis points to $3.9 million. I didn't really talk about South America earlier, but a lot of industry comments and I know some of those left in the auto sector are having real difficulties down there. We've been focused on turning around our South American operations all year. We're really pleased to be able to exit 2014 here with basically a breakeven business in North America. So we are really getting performance from the automotive team in the quarter and for the year. Turning to building efficiency, fourth quarter you can start to see the impact of ADT or Air Distribution Technologies, being in our numbers. So with that acquisition, we have significantly increased our exposure to the light commercial sector and it's really opened up for us the independent distribution channel. As Alex mentioned in his comments, the integration is on track. Our fourth quarter numbers were right in-line with our expectations. Importantly, I think from a sales perspective, even though its early days; we are already starting to see some of the benefits of cross selling. And in the quarter, we had about $1 million of combined, cross selling orders that came through our numbers. So it's not a big number, but it's good to see that the thesis behind this investment was really driven on revenue growth and positioning us in higher growth markets and so it's good to see the sales synergies come through in such a quick pace. So when you put ADT into BE here, it just transforms our business. We're now seeing top line, bottom-line and margin expansion and we expect to see that accelerate here as we go forward. If you look at the fourth quarter, you can see our revenues were up about 1% to $3.9 billion. If you take out ADT, which was about $240 million of revenue in the quarter and adjust for FX, our sales were down about 3%. If you look at that, geographically what you would see is that Asia and Europe were up 3% to 4% respectively, North America was down 5% and the Middle East and Latin America were down double digits for us. In terms of our unexecuted backlog, you can see at $4.8 billion, we're up about 1%. This is the first increase we've seen in over a year. Again, as Alex mentioned, our backlog was up about 1%, with softness in Latin America, we're down about 30%. Europe we are down 8%. Asia was down 3% and it was offset by higher backlog in the Middle East. In North America I would just comment our backlog was up 1%. Turning to orders and, again, if I adjust these for currency, they were up 11%. Again, taking out ADT and it was up 2%. If you looked at that geographically, we would see North American orders were up 5%. So that was the strongest area for us in terms of orders, Asia was up 4%, Europe was flat to down 1% and again, Middle East and Latin America were down double-digits. So I think the important thing for us here is the big markets, North America and Asia, we are starting to see sequential improvement in orders and quoting. Our overall numbers though are being dragged down by pretty big declines in the Middle East and Latin America where we really have tough economies. So it was good to see those markets starting to turn positive. In terms of segment income, you can see a pretty significant increase, about 11% year-over-year to $393 million. If you take a look at the margins ex-GWS, they were 11.8%, up 20 basis points versus last year. Here's where we are starting to see the benefit of improved results in Asia, the acquisition of ADT and the benefit of SG&A reductions. In terms of GWS, you can see here as we've noted, a huge improvement in our profitability  $61 million in the quarter more than double last year, a 290 basis points improvement. And I would sort of like to add in to Alex's comments in terms of GWS's performance in the year. We saw significant improvement in both our profitability and our margins. On the customer side, we won an awful lot of new business particularly in the second half of the year and if we look at the backlog for GWS which is not to be confused with the backlog that we quote in BE, it's the backlog of won customer contracts over the life of the contracts. It's up 47% versus last year. So I think, just with the business improvement, the improvements weve made in the operating model, the customers are recognizing our ability to provide a global solution. And it has positioned the business really nicely in terms of our divestiture. We are not going to really get into the details of that. I would just comment that we're working with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. We've got a robust process in place and we've got a lot of interest, but it's very early days. We've been at it for just over a month now. And lastly, turning to power solutions for the fourth quarter, you can see sales were up about 5% over last year. Lead levels were comparable, so sometimes we've got big adjustments because of year-over-year lead, that wasn't really a factor for us this year. In terms of unit volumes, were up 4%. Geographically were up 6% in North America, 10% in Asia and Europe down 3% where we're still seeing some destocking and if you were to look underneath those European numbers, you would see that the aftermarket was down 5%, whereas OE was up about 4%. In terms of AGM, as we noted on the slide here, were up about 23% to just over $2 million in the quarter. We've added several new customers during the year in power solutions, as we've talked about on previous calls. And if you look at our market share, what you would see is in the Americas  I'm being inclusive of South America, Central America and North America  in aggregate we improved our market share by 200 basis points to 55% this year and our European market share, despite the fact that we saw some destocking in the aftermarket side held steady at about 53%. In terms of our segment income at $329 million, we were comparable to the level last year, although our margins were down about 100 basis points. I think the key thing to note in terms of our margin performance in power solutions was we talked about changing from LIFO to FIFO inventory accounting and that really changed the way the timing and the amount of lead that we purchased and some of our inventory stocking and destocking on a quarterly basis. So when you adjust that out, we had a little bit of choppiness in terms of the overall quarters as it flowed through in 2014. But I think the key takeaway that I would like you to remember here is, if you look at our full year margin performance we went into this year with an expectation that power solutions would deliver a 50 basis point improvement in our margins and we came through with a 60 basis point improvement. It could have been a little bit better had we seen the aftermarket be a bit firmer, but overall were pleased with the performance coming out of power solutions this year and the best 60 basis point margin expansion was a little bit better than our expectations. So with that I will turn things over to Brian.
Brian Stief: Okay. Thanks, Bruce and good morning, everyone. Page 12, fourth quarter highlights. As you'll note in our press release, our Q4 results included four nonoperational items which resulted in a net charge of $0.58 in the quarter and I would like to just touch on those. There was a restructuring and impairment charge for about $162 million related primarily to our building efficiency reorganization, about half of that charge is cash and the other half is noncash. The second item would be there is our annual Q4 noncash mark-to-market adjustment related to our pension and OPEB plans. Given the decline in interest rates year-over-year, that charge in the current year was $290 million. The third item was transaction and integration related costs associated with the number of portfolio activities that we've got going on. It was $23 million. And in the fourth area, there were three significant tax items, discrete tax items, in the fourth quarter that netted down to $18 million. So, the aggregate of those four items is the $0.58, and as I go through my discussion of the financials here, I will exclude those items from my comments. Overall, fourth quarter revenues were up 3% to $11 billion, driven primarily by the automotive and power solutions businesses. Gross profit for the quarter of 17.2% was in-line with last year and what you really see there is that growth in our gross margins for the automotive seating and interiors business, GWS and building efficiency in Asia that Bruce referred to were offset by declines in BD North America and declines in our power solutions business of the 100 basis points. On a year-over-year basis, SG&A declined by about 2% which was a result of some aggressive cost reduction initiatives that we continue to implement across our businesses. Equity income of $122 million was $28 million higher than year ago levels which reflects the improved profitability from our automotive and building efficiency joint ventures in Asia. And I would point out that about half of that gain in equity income resulted from a nonrecurring gain associated with the buyout of one of our joint venture partners. Overall, fourth quarter operating income was strong, up 11% versus last year and segment margins of 9% were 70 basis points better than 2013, so overall a very strong performance. Moving to slide 13, net financing charges of $66 million were up $12 million versus prior year levels and these higher financing costs are simply the result of the financing of the ADT acquisition in June of 2014. As far as a tax rate, our effective rate for the quarter was 19.6%, a slight improvement from the 20.6% that we had in the fourth quarter last year. Income attributable to non-controlling interests was a charge of $37 million in the fourth quarter of this year which is slightly higher than last year which is a function of the higher profitability in the automotive and building efficiency joint ventures that weve globally. But overall a very strong quarter with diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.04, which is up 14% versus the $0.91 a year ago, so very pleased with the performance. I would like to spend a little bit of time on slide 14, going through some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow for the year. Our fourth quarter cash flow from operations was $1.2 billion which allowed us to generate a net debt reduction in the quarter of $1.1 billion. Trade working capital as a percentage of sales was 6.1% which was a 30 basis point improvement from last year, but I would point out this area of working capital is something that we need to focus on as we move into 2015. We still aren't at a position that we would like across our businesses, so that's going to be an area of focus of mine as we move forward here. Capital spending of $1.2 billion for the year was in-line with our expectations. Free cash flow for the year inclusive of the electronics divestiture proceeds of $265 million, approximated $1.5 billion. And in the current year, we doubled the cash return to our shareholders through our buyback programs and dividends to $1.8 billion in 2014 from $900 million in 2013. So as we move into 2015, we are very pleased with our balance sheet position. I think we're very strong as we enter the year. Our net debt to cap ratio ended the year at 35.7% which is a 260 basis point improvement from the end of the third quarter and obviously up from last year's 26.5% level due to the share repurchase that we did in Q1 for $1.2 billion and then the $1.6 billion acquisition of ADT in Q3. As far as our pension and OPEB liabilities, we are 86% funded as of the end of this year which was a bit lower than last year which was at 88%. And the delta there is really due to the lower discount rates. I would like to point out that during the fourth quarter we completed a lump sum buyout of certain current retirees in our U.S. pension plan which was $300 million, and as you may recall, last year in Q4, we offered a lump sum buyout to certain of our deferred vested plan participants for $450 million. Now the funding of that $750 million in buyouts obviously comes from plant assets versus Johnson Controls. Lastly, from a weighted average debt maturity at the end of 2014, it's 14 years which is up from nine years at the end of last year and this really is reflective of the opportunity that we took in connection with the ADT acquisition in Q3 to term out some of our debt and lock in the benefits of today's low interest environment on a long term basis. And then finally I would say that, just to point out, when you look at the balance sheet, we have taken our GWS business and our interiors business and we've now classified those as assets held for sale in our year-end balance sheet, given the pending transactions with both those businesses that we expect in fiscal 2015. So moving to slide 15, overall our fourth quarter performance was strong and provides us confidence as we enter Q1 of 2015. We continue to expect strong volumes in the automotive business to continue. As Alex and Bruce mentioned, our pipeline supports continued order improvement in building efficiency and some of the reorganization actions that we have taken in Q4 of this year we expect to see some early benefits as we enter fiscal 2015. Power solutions is expected to once again deliver year-over-year improvements and one other item that I had just mentioned relative to Q1 is we've got $1.2 billion in share repurchases that we are planning for all of fiscal 2015 and about $600 million of that will likely occur in our first quarter. We continue to make progress with the previously announced portfolio activities which would be the GWS divestiture, the Hitachi JV and interiors JV. As we sit here today, our targeted completion for those is the second half of fiscal 2015. In addition, as Alex mentioned, the ADT integration activities are well underway and progressing in-line or possibly even in excess of expectations. So as far as Q1 guidance, we expect earnings per share to be $0.74 to $0.77 which is up 12% to 17% year-over-year. And, again, that would exclude transaction and integration costs just given the level of activity that we've got in that area and that impact on a quarterly basis could range anywhere from probably $0.01 to $0.03 depending upon how things play out timing wise with those transactions. And then lastly, I would say we will provide full year guidance at our December 2nd, Analyst Meeting in New York. So with that Glen, I will turn it over to you for questions.
Glen Ponczak: Great. Thanks, Brian. So we've got about 25 minutes until the top of the hour here and so to give as many people as possible a chance to ask a question, please limit yourselves to a question and perhaps a short follow-up and then get back in the queue if you've got more. So with that Madison, we will turn it over for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Mr. Colin Langan of UBS. Sir, you may now begin.
Colin Langan  UBS: Just one sort of maintenance question, Brian, I just wanted to clarify, your guidance for this year, does that include  you mentioned that the GWS and interiors are moved in discontinued ops for the balance sheet, but your guidance does include that and until it actually officially happens from an earnings perspective?
Brian Stief: That's correct.
Carol Lowe: Okay and then just one strategically, seating margins seem pretty solid here for the last couple of quarters. Obviously there is some help with equity income. What are the next steps to getting through your longer term targets for the business? What are the major drivers of getting margins higher from here?
Alex Molinaroli: A lot of this is more of the same. Weve a lot more opportunity in metals just in the program that we have today and the other thing that is important to note is, as our backlog changes in metals, in particular we are moving from 3 to 4 different product lines because of the different companies that are being integrated to one set of SKUs and product lines for each one of the components. And that's going to lower our costs on an ongoing basis, that will be further down the road, but that's an expectation we have as the metals continues to evolve. The other thing is  and we talk about equity income and that's where a lot of our growth is going to be in the future because of the fact that the growth in China and where we're going to make the investments and with our partners. We want to maximize that as much as possible, and we just still have  because of our pricing discipline, weve the opportunity to continue to increase margins in our mature markets. So I think there is not one single thing. Our equity income is going to continue to increase at a fairly rapid rate, but I also think there's still improvement within our business, our core business, particularly around components and in Europe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Robert Barry of Susquehanna. Sir, your line is now open.
Robert Barry  Susquehanna: Just to Alex, I wanted to dig in a little deeper on the increased confidence level in BE. Obviously nice to see the orders inflect and it sounds like the pipeline is full, but are you seeing more sustainable  what you think will be sustainable willingness to convert all of the pipeline activity into orders going forward and what do you think might be driving that?
Alex Molinaroli: Well, it's interesting that you asked that question. Actually I would turn what youre calling convert if you look at our pipeline to hit ratio, that is how our team would look at it and that has actually gone up. We do a fairly good job of making sure that we filter out our opportunities. So one of the things that has happened is our hit rate has gone up and that makes me believe that the pipeline is very healthy. Also, the reason around it I think is sustainable. When you start seeing the institutional market and the larger projects start to get on the board. I think youre starting to feel some confidence that the market is going to respond. To be real specific, all the verticals institution, with the exception of the state government and I think that has to do mostly with the fact that we had this huge Hawaii project in our pipeline last year  have increased, some more than others. In particular were seeing a rebound in healthcare which has really hurt us over the past few years. So I guess I'm not going to  the confidence level I have is I'm making sure that everyone realizes I do see a significant change in what's happening. We're not out of the woods yet, but the fact that we are able to see what we saw on a continual basis over the last three months and what's happened in our pipeline. I just feel a heck of a lot better about it.
Robert Barry  Susquehanna: Yes, maybe just a quick follow-up on the offset to the equipment side, sounds like the equipment sale is looking very good. Maybe you can comment a little bit on what's happening on the service and performance contracting side. Maybe your comment about state government ties into that, but just curious about the thoughts and the outlook there. Thank you.
Alex Molinaroli: Actually the one thing underneath everything is our focus on services increase, as you would guess because of the lack of capital projects. So our service business has been growing at a fairly good clip, particularly our planned services. Our retrofit business is growing, the pipeline is pretty strong. Our pipeline is about equal  just to make sure you understand, our pipeline is about equal in our energy solutions business, but youve to remember we had the largest project ever of that we secured in December of last year with Hawaii. And so with Hawaii and last year compared to the pipeline weve today with no project like that, it's about at the same level. So really pretty much across the board we're seeing some strength.
Robert Barry  Susquehanna: Can you quantify the Hawaii impact?
Alex Molinaroli: Well, the Hawaii impact, it was over $100 million. I think it was around $120 million. It ended up being a $140 million project, but I think we had discounted about $120 million in our backlog. So, that's a good question, because when we see the results of our quarter, if we're able to secure similar to what we did last year in BE. I would say that the real growth in that, you'd have to take that $100 million project and discount what you see in the numbers. But the pipeline supports that we will have a continued growth throughout the year, but we won't have a $100 million project.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Brian Johnson of Barclays. Sir, your line is now open.
Brian Johnson  Barclays: So, I want to drill more into the BE segment in a few questions. You put together through a price increase my understanding in BE. Could you maybe clarify how broadly that was? Is that in the new services business or in the equipment business and will that be helpful to the margin going forward?
Alex Molinaroli: So there was a couple price increases over the year. The UPG segment had a price increase back in the spring and then we announced another price increase which was really much across the board. Now, it wasn't  every channel and every product didn't get the same price increase, but pretty much across the board we went for a price increase and what we're seeing so far for the most part, that the industry is following us. Right now we have tempered our expectation, so we've discounted a little bit of volume because of our price increase. But our expectation  and it will be in our guidance, in our plan  is we built in the net effect of the price increase. We do think that there could be some discounting down the road, but right now things seem to be sticking.
Brian Johnson  Barclays: Okay. And are you seeing any benefits yet from splitting services and products? And maybe just talk strategically about what that was meant to accomplish and then what we're seeing on it and does it open up even in the U.S. broader distribution for what you are making beyond your traditional branches?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes and we will cover that in some detail in December, but the bottom-line for that was that we had a business that was becoming very dependent on our branches for decades. And in order for us to be able to support multiple channels, we needed to disconnect the two organizations and make sure we built a world class product and distribution company. The core of BE and that we continue to focus our branch business and being a great service and delivery organization and a channel for our BE products. So it was built to give ourselves some transparency and our ability to manage more effectively the products that we put in the portfolio and the new distribution that we are putting in place. So that's the strategic rationale.
Brian Johnson  Barclays: Okay, and any impact yet on the backlog or margins or we will have more in December?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, I don't know that there would be any impact yet, but I can tell you from an internal perspective, people are asking questions that they've never asked before, because there is a whole different set of dependencies or lack of a codependency that there used to be in the past. So I expect really good things. I expect us to be more efficient and I expect us to be able to pick up our pace as it relates to new products and our ability to support our channels, but I can't really say that anything has happened yet, but I feel really good about the change.
Brian Johnson  Barclays: Okay and final question, just very quickly. Metals, big year-over-year dollar improvement, are you getting close to that 10% margin I believe you talked about in the past?
Alex Molinaroli: No, we're not there. Yes, we've got a ways to go which is I'll treat that as opportunity. We won't get to those levels till we get through, first, making sure that the backlog that weve that were as effective as we can and then as we start transitioning our product line to a single product line where were able to get the real cost efficiencies. So that's going to take a while, but we've got that opportunity in front of us.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, I would maybe just add to that, Brian to Alex's point, we're probably in the lower 2%  3% right now from a North American and European perspective because we are working that through. But if you look at our metals business that we have right now in China which is about a $500 million or $600 million business, that business where we do have the 2B product portfolio and we have the manufacturing processes standardized. So we don't have the integration, we started it fresh, that business is at the 10%  11% margins right now. So we're confident we can get there. We're there in China, but it takes a long time for these customer programs to roll-off and for us to retool our metals facilities.
Brian Johnson  Barclays: Okay. So that's a long term margin improvement glide path?
Bruce McDonald: 3 to 4 years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Emmanuel Rosner of CLSA. Sir, your line is now open.
Emmanuel Rosner  CLSA: I wanted to ask you  so global workforce solution is now officially for sale. How is the process going so far? What sort of interest and from what type of buyers are you seeing? And then more fundamentally, I completely agree with the rationale of it not being core, but at the same time removing it will obviously will remove a little bit of earnings power. Are you saying to divest it in a way that still creates some shareholder value or is it really just more strategically it makes sense?
Bruce McDonald: Okay. Like I think I talked about earlier, it's pretty early in the process. We're working with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. We've put together you can say an offering, memorandum and we've met with a number of folks that are interested and we're coming up to the point in the process where we're going to get expressions of interest and then decide on a shorter list who are going to go forward in the process. But it's very early days and I think we are in good shape. There is a lot of interest. The business has performed well, so we got I think a lot of good things going for us. And from a timing perspective, we are probably 3 to 6 months  it's probably late Q2, I guess I would say is when we hopefully get to be in a position where we announce something and then, depending on who the buyer is weve to go through the normal regulatory process, but that's the timeframe. In terms of your question then about is there any shareholder value implications, I think clearly with some of the people that are interested in the business that are already in that  the strategic players that are already in that space, what it does provide as you think about the reason we got into the facilities management business was to provide a channel for our products. And so to the extent we sell GWS to another strategic buyer it broadens the channel that weve available to us to sell our products to. So, as we're thinking through this divestment and particularly with the strategic buyers, then structuring an arrangement where we would have access to their expanded portfolio of real estate and customers is a key thing that we are looking at. So, we hope to get that, but we may not. And then I think second part of that question would be how we choose to redeploy the cash and I guess we haven't really commented publicly on what we're going to do with the money. Right now I would say we're focused on getting the money.
Emmanuel Rosner  CLSA: And then just one follow-up on another update of a deal, can you maybe tell us how the Hitachi negotiations are progressing and the late estimate on when we may see a conclusion of that?
Alex Molinaroli: We've gone it a long way since the last time we had a chance to talk about this. In fact, I will be heading over there myself in a couple weeks. We've got a few things that we need to work through, but I think we're pretty close to hammering out the few issues that we have. It's been a lot slower than we expected. I think it was much more complicated than it was when we got involved. I'm still a little bit leery about giving you a date, but I'm just hopeful when we get together here over the next couple of months, we are able to talk about a date. But we're getting  it's closer than it was yesterday and I apologize I can't have better information.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. John Murphy of Bank of America. Sir, your line is now open.
John Murphy  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just a question around the seating and interiors business, the way that you are discussing it and the business is developing. It sounds like you're much more committed than a lot of people think to that business and certainly much more committed to it than some of your competitors are alluding to. And just curious if you can comment on that and then as we think about margins going forward, if you could remind us what your targets are there for seating and interiors and how new business or what level of new business is rolling on as far as margins?
Alex Molinaroli: From a strategic standpoint, in fact you're right. I wanted to make it very clear that at this time we're not making out any other major portfolio moves and the seating business, along with our interior joint venture that we have are core to us being successful in the future. And when we talk in December, you'll understand some of the rationale. First off, the China opportunity for us is outstanding and it's based off our relationships with our partners and so we don't want to  we want to take advantage and exploit that and I'm not sure we get the fair value for that in the first place. I'm not sure we're getting fair value today for that to be honest with you. And then the second thing that's really important to us is that we make sure that we take the expertise that were getting out of the automotive business because of the demands of our customers and leverage that across our enterprise. So, one of the things that the automotive business brings to us around program management, our purchasing and engineering capability, our manufacturing capabilities and supply chain work, is world class because it has to be. And we're able to take those resources, take those people and take those processes and put it across our enterprise. So when you think about that business and what value it brings to Johnson Controls. I think weve to look past just the seating business and in the interior business and what value it creates regionally with our footprint and what value it creates intrinsically inside our organization. Bruce, you can give them some of the numbers that we are looking to get.
Bruce McDonald: Well, I could just comment mainly on the segment income margins. The plan is to take that to 7% or maybe even a little bit above 7%, but as we sit here today, that's been kind of our stated goal for a number of quarters and that still continues to be the case. So I would say around 7%.
John Murphy  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So it would be fair to say that new business is rolling on at that level or much higher to offset some of the older legacy business?
Bruce McDonald: Yes, I would say that. I'm not suggesting we are necessarily going to get that level in fiscal 2015 here, but that is certainly our goal over the next few years.
Alex Molinaroli: One of the things that's happened is our mix is changing. As Bruce talked about our metals backlogs, our backlog is shifting from just being jet business to being components business, particularly metals and that mix is favorable as it relates to our overall margin. So it's not only margin improvement in our business, it's a mix improvement.
John Murphy  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And just to sneak in one, just on proceeds that you are going to raise ultimately from some of these asset sales. Could you just run us through the funnel of where those proceeds may be allocated as far as acquisitions or returning value to shareholders or reinvestment in the core business?
Alex Molinaroli: I will talk at that from a strategic level. We're not really ready to talk because GWS will be the first place where we see some cash coming in. We're committed to our share repurchase program at this point. There is no reason with our cash flows that we can't continue on that program and so we've got a couple more years to go with that. As it relates to the use of proceeds for GWS, weve a significant amount of ideas, more ideas than we have resources. In a way they help continue to transform this business from an operationally capable business into adjacencies and other markets that we can support that are going to be outside of automotive. So I'm hopeful that were going to redeploy that cash in a way that helps us build more growth platforms, that's what we need.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Rich Kwas of Wells Fargo. Sir, your line is now open.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo: Two questions, Alex, on building efficiency, so applied sales up nicely in the quarter year-over-year, Ex GWS, the margin is up 20 bps. It seems like the margins could've been better given that should be pretty good mix for you and I'm just curious if there is anything unique in the mix this quarter or from a regional standpoint that affected the limited leverage, if you will.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. So, I actually don't have the numbers in front of me. One of the things that's been a drag to our margins all year is we've had some nagging large contracts in the Middle East and that has distorted our numbers off and on during the year. Brian, you probably have a view of that right now  but that's one of the things that I would look for. And the other thing that we weren't happy about is you saw our residential business didn't perform at the same levels and that's a high margin business, too. Those are the two things I would point at, but the business that we are getting in the applied side is a good margin business, but it was in our backlog.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo: Okay, all right. And then I know youre going to give more detail in December, but if we take a step back and look at the world, currencies have weakened or the dollar has strengthened and other currencies have weakened and global auto production is slowing down. You've got some self-help certainly factored in for next year that could help nicely, but if we take a step back, how should we think about the longer term earnings growth profile for the company? You had a good earnings growth year  this year. What are kind of the puts and takes that you think were broadly for '15?
Alex Molinaroli: So if I look at 2015 and see what we're dependent on, the external market, I think that we still, even though there is a bit of a slowdown in China. We're outperforming the market in China. I think that will continue. We have lots of opportunity there. I think we have been very smart, very clever and judicious on how we've allocated our resources in the mature markets for our automotive business. So I think our margins will continue there. The backlog is pretty much known and I think if something  absent something that happened a few years ago, I think we'll be fine. Our power solutions business, one of the things that's really interesting is that we almost sold 1 million units of AGM batteries in North America, that may not seem like a lot of units, but if you remember last quarter, I think  I can't remember what I said  that we were up some godly amount of percent but we were up another 300% this quarter. And so if that starts to take off, the mix is going to help in power solutions. It won't just be a European story. And I think that the China story is still intact as it relates to power solutions. That opportunity is there. It's just right there in front of us, we need to grab it. And in building efficiency, I'm really bullish  we need the market to help us  but I'm really bullish that we're going to fix a lot of the issues that we had for us in places like the Middle East and the other thing that I'm bullish about is the changes that we have made in the organization are going to help us regardless of what the market does for us to be able to pull through on some of the products that we currently have in our portfolio. So I think next year  I'm not saying it's all in the bag but I'm more worried in the long term about the growth than I'm about next year.
Glen Ponczak:  We've got time for probably one more, Madison.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Patrick Archambault of Goldman Sachs. Sir, your line is now open.
Patrick Archambault  Goldman Sachs: Just for me, wanted to just focus on power solutions a little bit what you were talking about. You were up I think 60 basis points you said in terms of your margins this year. However in the quarter there was some noise relating to that change over from LIFO to FIFO. If I remember well, you had outlined a plan to run at similar levels of margin expansion over the next couple of years and wanted to get a sense of what the main drivers are, how much of this LIFO adjustment carries over if anything and maybe just fitting those pieces together for us. And then I have one follow-up.
Bruce McDonald: I think what we said about power solutions at our Analyst Day last year was we felt we had a couple hundred basis points of margin expansion left in power solutions and that the pace of that was going to be around 50 basis points a year. I know there is some analysts that think the pace should be faster than that 50 basis points a year, but I would point to the fact that we are stepping up our investment in some of the advanced battery things and particularly the micro hybrid and dual voltage 48 volt type systems. So were spending more money here because as we look longer out beyond say, a three year or a four year period that that could be an important growth driver for us. So, were investing in that area. The LIFO accounting change, maybe I have confused folks with that in the past. We've normalized each year from an accounting perspective, but we talked about the fact that we made that accounting change. We did some things because we are on LIFO that were not how you would optimally run that business and so what you are really looking at is two different years' results under the same accounting treatment. But in the prior year, we ran the business one way in terms of when we procured lead cores or when we have run our inventory of cores low versus when the market price was high or low. Now we can take advantage of when there is market seasonality in lead prices and buying more inventory when it makes the most sense and the same thing with our production. We can smooth our production more in-line with seasonal demand, and so the choppiness that we've seen this year is really those two items that have sort of confused things-- It's really just going to be where are we going to get the other 150 basis points which we still have headwind against us I would say in terms of investing in advanced technology, but our China business continues to be  it's an area that were investing in to add more footprint and so not dilutive to our margins. And then the other point that Alex referred to is the increasing mix shift that were going to see as AGM becomes a bigger portion of the pipe.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, so I think the simple answer on that as it relates to the  it's actually smoother now than it was as compared to something that wasn't so smooth. I think this was kind of the new normal about how the quarters will flow. So we shouldn't see that as much of a whipsaw this coming year as we did last year.
Patrick Archambault  Goldman Sachs: If I can just do one follow-up, you had fairly mild temperatures during the summer. How does that impact your battery demand going forward? Is there a restocking effect that might be something to think about as we get into the fourth quarter because people's batteries lasted longer or is that immaterial?
Alex Molinaroli: In the end, I think it's really not going to matter. What will happen  the only thing that can happen if we don't get strong early sales is there will be one less cycle at the end of winter. This weather thing has been killing us the last few years. And so I think what we have done is smartly try to manage our inventory and not forecast sales and historically try to get where we are forecasting sales in a much more conservative way because we haven't been able to predict. If youve a good way of predicting the units, I would be open to it, but our tried and true methods haven't worked the last couple of years.
Glen Ponczak: Okay. Thanks, Patrick. Alex, a few closing comments?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, so I just want to close  I want to thank our 170,000 employees. It's an outstanding accomplishment. I couldn't be more proud to be a part of this team and lead this team. The folks that you hear on the phone and all the people that support us that really do the work. It's been outstanding, particularly with all the distractions. All the anxiety and distractions inside this organization and this team has stayed focused, proud to be a part of it. Look forward to the coming year and I look forward to seeing you folks in December.
Glen Ponczak: Thanks, Alex. Thanks to Bruce and Brian and thank you for your interest.
Operator: Thank you and that concludes today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-07-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Ponczak - Vice President, Investor Relations Alex Molinaroli - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bruce McDonald - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group Brian Johnson  Barclays Mike Wood - Macquarie David Tamberrino - Goldman Sachs David Leiker - Baird Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Colin Langan - UBS Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets Brett Hoselton - KeyBanc
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. (Operator Instructions) I would also like to inform all parties that todays conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Glen Ponczak. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Glen Ponczak - Vice President, Investor Relations: Well, thanks Angela and thank you everyone on the call. Welcome to the Johnson Controls third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. The slide presentation can be accessed at johnsoncontrols.com by clicking the Investors link at the top of the page, then scroll down to the events calendar section. This morning, Chairman and CEO, Alex Molinaroli will provide some perspective on the quarter. He will be followed by Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce McDonald for a review of the business unit results and overall financial performance. Following the prepared remarks, we will open up the call for questions and we are scheduled to end at the top of the hour. Before we begin, I would like to refer you to our full forward-looking statements disclosure thats in the news release and also on the slide deck and remind you that todays comments will include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include required regulatory approvals that are material conditions for proposed transactions to close, strength of the U.S. or other economies, automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, availability of raw materials and component products, currency exchange rates and cancellation of or changes to commercial contracts, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of Johnson Controls most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2013. Johnson Controls disclaims any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this presentation. And with that, we will get started. Alex?
Alex Molinaroli - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, good morning everyone. Welcome to our call and Id first want to start and thank our employees of strong quarter and not only a strong quarter, but with some of the conditions, particularly in our buildings business what we are able to accomplish and then all the distractions we have internally with all the changes, I am very proud of our organization. Lets start and talk about the environment. What we see in the automotive business is the market remains strong. I am really pleased to see that Europe continues to incrementally get better and we are seeing some benefits from that. Bruce will go over the actual numbers, but overall very happy with how the markets improving. We talk about demand for the battery business. We are obviously seeing the high OE demand following the  and we are gaining share. So, we are following the strength in the market. And our aftermarket demand is finally picking up in North America, Indonesia, specifically China and outside of Asia. And in Europe, we are still having demand problems, but I think that what we have seen is that the inventory levels with our distributors is starting to decline. So, hopefully, we are getting through the worst of that. We will talk about later, but we have also had some pretty good wins in our battery business. In the commercial buildings segment, where we have been struggling or the market has been struggling on our own pipelines, but our improvements in our pipelines that we are seeing forward-looking mirror the marketplace. The biggest challenge that we have is within the federal government business, because of the marketplace. And then in China, the market remains strong. Its not the same as it was a few years ago. It remains strong in each one of our markets. I will talk about the buildings market specifically. As you know, our institutional customers, local government, state, federal, healthcare, higher education, those customers is a large part of our business in North America. Its always been our sweet spot. And just to give everyone a flavor for what our team has been dealing with over the last two years, you can see the construction starts are down significantly since when we peaked in 2008. And if you look at this decline that we saw in our secured business, this is really attributable to mostly federal government and in particular we called it out last year, we had a very large contract last year in the third quarter. It was a $70 million VA Hospital job. The other thing that I would point out is in the quarter last year we were beneficiary of two very large airports, infrastructure airports in Brazil and also some stadium work. So what we saw last year was a little bit abnormal, what we see this year if you look under the numbers I feel better than what the numbers look like. But right now we just need to make sure we see it on a consistent basis. We tried to break our numbers out a little bit more from equipment standpoint because as you know we are in the contracting business, so we wanted to show what we are doing within our equipment business as you look at the applied equipment. We are 9% up in a flat market, so we are gaining share. In our light commercial we are almost up 11%. We are pretty much moving with the marketplace. And in ADT acquisition just for everyones note it is exposed across the market, but it gives a lot more exposure to the commercial market and the light commercial market. So we should see improvements going forward. And then in the residential business we are flat with the market year-to-date. Our quarter was actually down and I think there are a couple reasons. One is last year we saw an incredible increase because of some of the Sandy work. We were very stronger in Northeast is going through a change in distribution in Texas and Florida. And any other thing that happened is April 1 we put a price increase in place. And our margins for the quarter are up 3.5% in that business. So we will move on  lets talk about the overall business. With the revenues being up 3% over last year and the segment income up 15% we see the benefit in the EPS of our buyback with $0.84 per share. I am pretty pleased that I have talked earlier about where our results are particularly when you look on the right size of this page and you see that we have awful lot of work thats being done on our portfolio. We closed the ADT transaction. We closed the Electronics transaction here a couple of weeks ago. We announced and started working on the joint venture with Yanfeng for interiors. And so with all this going on, our team is still able to perform. So we are pretty proud of what they have accomplished. If you go to the marketplace specifically, lets talk about some of that. On Page 6 we have  we have been awarded $3 billion in new metals programs. And I think if we were talking 3 to 6 months ago, we werent talking about growing that business, we were talking about how we are fixing that business. But $3 billion and that business is a significant amount of business over the period and a lot of that is in the China, which is consistent with our strategy. We also  we are able to get a Comcast order, a new order with BMW. And you can see its annual revenues are $325 million, its also in China. And the feedback we are getting from our customers around the interiors JV has been extremely strong. Our customers see the value in what we are doing and they are anxious for us to get this completed. In building efficiency, lets first talk about GWS. We are seeing improvements at the bottom line of GWS. They had a very, very strong quarter from an earnings perspective. And they will also begin to win work. So we have some great projects in the pipeline, but we can talk about Standard Chartered Bank, 22 countries. And its the largest contract we ever had in Asia. So we are pretty happy with that. What it shows is we cannot only get that business fixed, but getting our cost structure right and our team is not distracted and our customers are confident and our services we are being able to grow that business again. And in our UPG business, we have announced a new product called Prestige. And the reason why thats important to us, this product is a drop-in replacement of not only for our units but for our competitors units. And that allows us to give access to share of the replacement market that we havent had in the past because our market share traditionally hasnt been as strong. So we are pretty happy that that gives us an opportunity to expand the marketplace for our salespeople and our dealers. And in power solutions lots of good news there, our OE business in China is expanding both traditionally and in our AGM business. I think we have made a couple of announcements on that. We are starting production in 2016. So we are localizing our production. And in the United States, Europe and Japan, specifically in the United States we have captured two very large retail customers where we are now sole source. And with the wins we have in both Japan and Europe, its about 3 million units, and 3 million units is a significant amount of wins for the power solutions business. So I am very happy with what weve accomplished. With that I will turn it over to Bruce and he will go through each one of the segments.
Bruce McDonald - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Thanks Alex. Good morning everyone. So starting off with power solutions here on Slide 7, you can see for the quarter our sales were up about 6%, lead prices were actually lower year-over-year and if you were to adjust that put them on a constant basis, our revenues were up about 8%. In terms of units, you can see the geographic mix. Overall, we are up 5% with North America and Asia up more than that and Europe down, really reflecting some destocking of the channels. OE was up 31%, aftermarket and Europe was down about 5%. So we did see our European volumes towards the end of the quarter start to show some year-over-year improvement. So we are hopeful that the destocking is sort of behind us here. In terms of the aftermarket  AGM volumes you can see they are up about 17% to just below 2 million units here in the quarter. In terms of segment income we have a big improvement of 43% versus last year, up to $193 million. We are seeing the benefits of not only higher volumes, a richer product mix associated with the AGM units and continued strong operational performance impacted our segment income here. In terms of building efficiency, we were able to improve our margins by about 10 basis points despite the fact our revenues were down about 4% here in the quarter. At 3 point  if you were to sort of adjust for divestitures and you recall, we divested a year ago our commercial refrigeration business in Europe, if you adjust for that BE sales were down about 1%, GWS sales were down about 4%, so thats how that would shake out. Looking at that geographically for building efficiency North America was down 4%, Europe was down to 9%. Again if we adjust the European number for the divestiture it was actually up 6%. And in the Middle East and Latin America we saw double-digit declines. If you look at our backlog you can see adjusted for FX and divestitures it was down 6% where we really saw softness here was in Latin America and thats really the rolling off of some of these larger infrastructure jobs that Alex referred to, that was down 37%. Asia and North America were down 5% and 3% respectively. And we saw slightly higher demand in Europe in the Middle East. In terms of orders, we touched on  we talked about our orders being down about 8%. Alex referred to both the VA Hospital job and some of infrastructure projects in the Middle East if you were to adjust for those items, what you would see is our underlying orders were down about 3%. Around the same levels, they were last year. Geographically, if you look at our order activity, down 7% in Europe and 9% in North America, again the VA Hospital contributing to that, Asia down 10%, Middle East and Latin America down 1% and 38% respectively. I would note that if you looked at in our service orders, we did see an increase of 8% in our service order in the quarter, so that sort of bodes well for seeing some signs of improvement in some of our project work. In terms of segment income at $306 million, we are down 3%. And as I said before our segment margins were up 10 basis points. To look at the margins in BE about 10.3%, that was down 40 basis points versus last year, primarily because of the lower volumes. And we did have transaction-related costs within the segment income number here associated with the work that we are doing with Hitachi primarily. And in GWS, you can see a significant increase in our profitability here up 46% where we started to see the benefits of some of the business model changes that the team are making there and also with the benefits of some cost restructuring. In terms of our automotive experience on Slide 9, as we mentioned in our press release last quarter, our automotive electronics business we have reclassified as a discontinued operation. So, our numbers here just like in Q2, exclude electronics. The other thing I would note before I talk about the numbers here as we did complete the divestiture of our loss-making headliner and sun visor business in the quarter and this was previously part of our automotive interior segment. If you look at the sales, you will see, we are up about 7%. Both seating and interiors were up about the same. If you look at the markets, you can see North America here up 4%, Europe up 1% and China up 11%. And again on a revenue basis, we are able to exceed the market production levels in all three of the main regions. In terms of China, which we  as everyone knows we largely compete through non-consolidated joint ventures. Our revenues in the quarter were up about 28% to about $1.8 billion. In terms of profitability, our segment income here was $295 million, up 22% versus last year. Here we are seeing the benefit from operational improvements, primarily in metals and in our European businesses, both in seating and in interiors, the benefits of cost reduction initiatives and also the higher volumes. In terms of profitability, our margins in seating were up 20 basis points to 5.6%, some big improvement in interiors, where our profitability was up 240 basis points to 3.5% in the quarter. I guess, overall sort of takeaway in automotive is we are delivering on the incremental revenue and our restructuring and cost improvement actions are tracking in line with sort of aggressive expectations that we set at the beginning of the year. In terms of the financials and maybe just before I get into the numbers, we are adjusting it for a number of one-time items, primarily $162 million restructuring charge, which is largely around the retained business operations as part of the interiors joint venture that we talked about in May. And $140 million from the loss on some of the businesses that I talked about that we divested and then other transaction-related cost associated with the acquisition on ADTI, which closed in June 16 this quarter. So, I am going to exclude those items as I talk through the columns here on the left side of the page. So, in terms of revenue at $10.8 billion, we are up about 3%. Foreign exchange was a slight headwind for us  a tailwind, I am sorry, for us in the quarter accounted for about 1% of the 3% increase here. In terms of our gross profit, you will see we improved by 50 basis points to 15.4% versus last year. Here we are really getting the benefit again of mainly the automotive improved operational performance. SG&A remained well-controlled, is up 2% or slightly less than sales. So, we are seeing it tick down as a percent of the sales by about 10 basis points. And you see a big improvement in terms of equity income and thats really been driven by the improved profitability of our automotive joint ventures, again primarily in China. So, from a segment income point of view, we are pleased with the margins here at 7.3% were up 70 basis points on a year-over-year basis. Turning to Slide 11, Id maybe just comment on the net financing charges. You can see we are sort of comparable to year ago levels at $67 million. You see that at the bottom of the slide, we did issue $1.7 billion of long-dated debt associated with the ADT acquisition. That included most of the debt was 10-year, 30-year and 50-year paper. And so when we sort of rolled at it from a modeling perspective on a go forward basis, our financing costs are going to be in the $75 million to $80 million per quarter. In terms of our tax rate, it was 19.8%, a slight decrease from our guidance and thats really because with repositioning electronics as discontinued operations, it has a obscure impact on our underlying rate, because electronics the tax, a slightly higher rate. And that compares to 17.2% rate in the third quarter of last year. So, overall, our earnings from continuing operations, excluding items you can see here at $0.84 was a 17% year-over-year improvement. And then just lastly in terms of the balance sheet and our guidance, we are pleased with our cash generation in the quarter. We generated cash of just over $700 million from operating activities. Our net debt at the end of the quarter was $7.3 billion. And I sort of just put a bridge in here, you can see the $1.7 billion we added to finance the ADT acquisition and $400 million net debt reduction in the quarter from operations. Thats how we get to the $7.3 million at the end of the quarter. Working capital as a percentage of sales or trade working capital, which is payables receivable and inventory at 7.4% was up about 10 basis points. Here the slightly dilutive impact of the ADT acquisition which is generally higher levels of working capital, we are going to work on that and we expect to offset that headwind as we go forward here. When you look at the balance sheet that we attached to the press release, just a few comments on ADT, what you will sort of see overall is an uptick in goodwill and intangible about $1.6 billion. And then the working capital and fixed assets associated to that business about $300 million. And then lastly in terms of our guidance for the fourth quarter here, we are looking at a guidance of about $1 to $1.02 per share, which will be a record for us. If you look at that guidance in context of what we said last quarter, we are coming in at sort of the high end of our previous guidance. And just as I have noted on here, we are going to start to encourage some transaction related costs associated with the integration of ADT and the formation of our joint venture with interiors, and we are excluding those from the guidance that we are providing here for the fourth quarter. And we will provide some more color with that on our Q4 call. So with that I will turn it back over to you Glen.
Glen Ponczak - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks Bruce. Angela I think we are ready to take questions. And while compiling a queue here, just to remind you to get people  more people a chance to ask the question here. Please limit yourself to a question and a follow-up. If you got more, you can get back in line again if you can get through a few of the folks who want to talk to us this morning. Angela we are ready.
Operator: Okay. Our first question is from Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank: Hi, everybody.
Alex Molinaroli: Hi Rod.
Glen Ponczak: Hi Roc.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank:  A couple of things, but first of all could you talk about the 20 basis point margin improvement in seating, it looks like you had good organic growth and typically incremental margins are in the teens and you had an equity income increase, so was there an offset to that that limited the margin improvement to this level
Bruce McDonald: This is Bruce here, hi Rod. I dont really think so, I think when I look at some of our commercial settlements, I know we reached an agreement with one of our customers and we had to make a year-to-date true up and we had some supplier retro-settlement. So I would say probably on the commercial side if I was looking at year-over-year, is probably unfavorable muted the margin improvement. So I would view that as timing within the year not structural by the way.
Alex Molinaroli:  Rod just - this is Alex, if you look underlying numbers, metals continue to improve and Europe continues to improve. So, I cant point to what you are asking, its a good question, but the underlying operating margins are improving.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And at the beginning of the year actually late last year you were talking about more modest growth for seating going forward 1% to 2% flattish through 2018, do you have any updated thoughts on just given some of the wins, how we should be thinking about that business. And similarly for the building efficiency businesses given where your order rates have been falling, do you have any kind of early view on how we should be thinking going forward as you look out to next year?
Alex Molinaroli: I think we are probably, we see the same thing you are seeing. I am not ready to give those numbers, its a little complex. And I mentioned it in the building efficiency conversation. We are seeing pipelines that are improving, but I would like to be able to see that a little bit more so maybe next time, we get on the call we will be able to talk about that. We just have been burned a few times, so I just want to make sure we dont kick that can again. But we are seeing underlying orders improved. And then obviously that market is a little different than automotive than what we expect and we had lower expectations for Europe.
Bruce McDonald: Yes. Rod, I would say on the auto side, we have been, if you sort of look at this year, we have been pleased with our mix. So, if you look at the vehicles that were on, they have done well on the market generally speaking, the customers that we have high exposure to have done well, particularly in Europe on the premium side. If you  Alex talked about the metals wins, I think we probably have quite a bit of the different view I would say in terms of the growth of our metals business versus a year ago. So I think we have been very successful capturing some components business here on the metals side. And thats enabled us the sort of pull-through seating business wins that we hadnt expected that China BMW is a good example. We really won that business from a competitor, because of our metals capability in the region. So, its probably not going to affect 15 or maybe even 16, but I think going a little bit further out, I would say, we feel more positive about the components growth in that business being more than the market.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Hi, good morning everyone.
Alex Molinaroli: Hi, Rich.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Alex, just a bigger picture question with the residential performance here and given your position in the market and now with the acquisition of ADT, how do you see yourself playing out on the resi light commercial side longer term. Can you grow this business organically apart from the cycle or are there things you have to add potentially to make it a more robust position?
Alex Molinaroli: Its a good question, Rich. I dont see how we can make significant changes in market share. I think our cost position actually is pretty good. And I think our product is doing well. We have seen our fixed cost dramatically lower, but we have a business that has been under shared for a long, long time. So, when you look at the replacement market, your disadvantage around channels and some of the actual footprint replacements. So, I think we are going to have to do something little more structural. I mean, thats the best I could do for answering your question. We will continue to make incremental improvements, but we need to give them some structural help.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then just on Hitachi, could you just provide us an update on potential timing for that, I know you continue to work on that with the negotiation?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. So, our teams are working hard together. They are now getting to the point where we are having real conversations about the numbers that we said that we couldnt see we now can see. And so, we are vigorously working together to see if we can make this happen as soon as possible. So, I guess the good news is we are getting close. We are really talking about making this happen sooner versus later, but I still dont think as we are going to see this until maybe first quarter  our first quarter and probably the end of that.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, alright.
Alex Molinaroli: From a signed definitive agreement.
Bruce McDonald: Definitive agreement, yes.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay.
Bruce McDonald: Well, probably like financially speaking, its probably back half of 2015 type transaction.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. In terms of actually closing?
Bruce McDonald: Yes.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Yes, okay. And then just quick one, Bruce on buybacks, so you move through the balance of the year, you are going to generate lot of cash here in the fiscal fourth quarter, you still have the authorization, plenty left under that, whats the level of commitment at this point?
Bruce McDonald: Well, we  what we talked about was doing $3.6 billion over three years and we have done  we frontloaded that this year. And so I think we are committed to doing what we said we are going to do. We are not looking at bringing it slower if thats your question and we are not thinking about deferring it. But I think what you are going to see is as we get in, we are going to  we are not probably going to do what we did this year, which is buy $1.2 billion in Q1. I think we are going to get into more of a normal pattern and acquire stocks throughout the year.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay.
Bruce McDonald: The action here that we did in 2014 was really because of such a big change in strategy. We decided to put our money where our mouth was and announced the buyback at do it at the same time.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Great, understood. Okay. Thank so much. I will pass it on.
Alex Molinaroli: Take care.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Barry (Susquehanna Financial Group). Go ahead, your line is open.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group: Hi guys, good morning. Thank you.
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group: So I just wanted to clarify what the bottom line message is here on BE, is that you are starting to see some early signs of a potential inflection point?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. So this is Alex, what I would  here is what I would talk about. We do a very good job of tracking our pipeline with our direct sales force. We have done this for over a decade, probably decades. And so what we are able to do we track our pipelines based on the previous year just like we would do anything else. And our models because we have been doing it so long are fairly accurate. And what we have been seeing is and thats how we talk about our forecast we have been seeing is it just continue to be trending down and trending down. What we are seeing for the first time is a couple of months of some larger projects in some of the institutional markets. The reason I am hedging my bets is after we have had this long downturn I dont want to say the market is back, I am just saying that we are starting to see some good news which I havent see in the past. So I know that that sounds a little bit of weasel, but I think at this point we kind of earned because the market has been pushed along. So its good news, thats all I can say, I just dont know  I cant for sure if its a trend, but we are watching it closely.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group: I mean during the quarter did the orders improve or was it bumpy?
Alex Molinaroli: No, the orders didnt improve what we are seeing  so that would track more like the architectural index because what we are talking about tracking projects as they become developed.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group: Yes. Over the question of when they convert into orders is very uncertain.
Alex Molinaroli: Thats right.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group: Yes.
Alex Molinaroli: I think maybe one thing that we had in our slides just to be pointed out is with the ADT acquisition we have doubled our exposure on the light commercial side. May and if you were to talk about the light commercial excluding residential we have probably quadrupled it. And so that part of the market is showing the most signs of life. And so we have gone from having say $300 million or $250 million exposure there to now versus here at about $1.3 billion of exposure there. So I think if  I am hopeful that as we get in the fourth quarter that we see having more exposure to that sort of the market, that sort of gives us some tailwind.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group: Could I just on clarify on that comment about the applied HVAC being up 9, is that North America and how do you define that market that you are calling flat, is that only in the verticals where you have exposure or is that..?
Bruce McDonald: No that would be as reported through AHRI and that is North America. I think it does include Canada.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Johnson with Barclays. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Brian Johnson  Barclays: Yes, good morning. Just following up on the same theme when you look at those kind of maybe the pipeline, is there any signs  is there signs of improvement at all in that institutional business which you do show in the chart on the upper right of Page 4 potentially growing in terms of construction forecast.
Alex Molinaroli: I am sorry go ahead.
Brian Johnson  Barclays: Yes. My question was within you have improved what you are seeing in the pipeline for maybe the improvement, is that coming out of the North American institutional business, which you do show up ticking in 2015 but also showed an uptick in 2014 in the construction forecast and that doesnt seem to be flowing through to your business?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, it is, not all of the vertical. So, its in some more than others like healthcare still seems to be stretched up. But some of the government business seems to be improving state and local government, federal government we are seeing those pipelines improved significantly. And that  and we are also  what that also means is if there are larger projects. If you dig underneath the numbers we cut things between below $750,000 projects and above $750,000, where we have actually gained business although we have grown is in under $750,000 things that we are creating ourselves. What hasnt been on board are these large, large projects. And so what we are seeing is some of the large projects come back. And thats what really drives the backlog and sometimes the lumpiness of the backlog. And thats the good news that we are seeing because the large projects have been gone for quite sometime.
Brian Johnson  Barclays: And sort of a follow-on I guess two things around ADTI, one, how quickly can you ramp up HVAC equipment sales through that channels and two, you mentioned something around excluding some 4Q integration costs, I think are those operational costs or are those sort of more banker fees or maybe consultant fees or something that truly kind of is one-time?
Alex Molinaroli: Well, we have program costs. We will have some restructuring. We will have costs that are related to the integration. So we are getting at it pretty fast. As it relates to what products, how quick we are getting the products to go through, I think we will have more information on that but where we are starting is the products that we can essentially swap out or easily move through the channels. They will obviously have the other products that we will have to do some development or tailoring for the channels, going both ways. So I think we will start seeing it fairly quick. But obviously, its going to have to ramp. We have to get our customers and our distribution chain to be able to sell these products.
Brian Johnson  Barclays: The improvement we are seeing now is more just the existing ADTI portfolio, just getting deeper?
Alex Molinaroli: Thats right. Yes, right. Participating in the markets that we havent participated before.
Brian Johnson  Barclays: Okay. And just when could you get significant HVAC sales through there by year out or year and a half out?
Alex Molinaroli: We will although start seeing some synergies next year, I am sorry I dont have the numbers in front of me, but they are on the workflow, they are going to see some growth during the fiscal year, next year. But quite frankly the biggest advance, the biggest integration savings we will have next year will be more on the operational and cost side because that is easier to get after.
Bruce McDonald: Yes. I think Brian the quickest things that we are going to see from a revenue side will be they make things that we buy. So switching our buy on things like filters, grilles and registers and things like that to ADT thats going to happen pretty quick and those things are on new work are being sort of specified right away.
Brian Johnson  Barclays: And vice versa?
Alex Molinaroli: Vice versa they already  basically controls that they already buy that they put on the units.
Bruce McDonald: The channel things like us selling some of our  their products through our branch or vice versa. It takes a little bit of time as we  there are some branding issues and there are some training of our sales both sales people. And so thats underway and I would think we would start to see that towards  its not like years, its few quarters out.
Brian Johnson  Barclays: Okay. Thanks.
Alex Molinaroli: Okay.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Wood with Macquarie. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Mike Wood - Macquarie: Alright. Thank you. You talked that ADT increasing your exposure to the lighter commercial, can you talk about what the impact of the Hitachi JV would have in terms of the tonnage and the vertical exposure and would your future M&A strategy in building efficiency be kind of geared at continuing this switch to keep a more broader exposure there or would you look to take advantage of the more weaker larger institutional verticals?
Alex Molinaroli: Well, so I will answer, this is Alex. First, I think that our opportunity to grow is not in the institutional markets, not because of the market because we have such a strong share and so what we are doing is we are writing the market right now. But our share in the institutional market is significant in North America. And so what we need to do is broaden our channels and broaden our product line. ADTI gives us both products and channel, Hitachi gives us products. And I would say its sort of a mid-market light commercial access, its not really residential and that becomes a story unto itself. I answered the question earlier that we still would have to do something different in order to grow in the residential significantly. But all the stuff that we are doing is expanding our reach within the marketplace.
Mike Wood - Macquarie: Understood and on the ADT acquisition where you are saying you are now buying things from them, had you been buying from them previously or will you need to spend some money to increase their production capacity to handle your new demand?
Alex Molinaroli: They have capacity, they have open capacity. And we do buy from them mostly dampers, but we do buy some other things, but there is lots of opportunity for us purchase more.
Mike Wood - Macquarie: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from David Tamberrino from Goldman Sachs. Go ahead. Your line is open.
David Tamberrino - Goldman Sachs: Thank you and good morning gentlemen. Heading back over to building efficiency, you have noted improving pipeline. Can you speak to the cadence of quoting activity? Has the order to backlog to revenue timing continued to extend or be pushed out or have you seen a contraction since earlier quarters in the year?
Alex Molinaroli: Thats a great question. I think that we are so early in the pipeline moving up. I dont know that I can answer that. But when we see things happen in the pipeline, its a forward look around six months, thats what we track. I mean, we track other things, but thats the framework. So, a year ago, we would have tracked a six months forward pipeline. Today, we are tracking a six month forward pipeline. And then they factor that based off of what the probabilities are of us winning and the project going ahead. So, I think that, thats sort of taken care of, whats not taken care of is how fast it will revenue. Whats taken care of is through our pipeline is it really measures year-on-year the same timeframe for when we can secure the project. So, from a quote to secure I feel good about the numbers. From a revenue standpoint, I cant really speak to that yet.
David Tamberrino - Goldman Sachs: Understood. But if I am correct, you have noted in the past that, thats been extended, right? Its moved from kind of one quarter in order to one quarter in backlog to one quarter being revenue and its been pushed out a little bit in some or a little bit more?
Alex Molinaroli: Thats right. Yes, thats because of our focus on large, large projects. And so whats happened as our  the bad news is we have had less large projects, because they havent been out there. The good news is that our churn rate around our revenues is actually go up right now. So, when we secure something smaller, we can see that revenue quicker and thats one reason why you see our revenues not as bad as our sales secured, because we are flowing quicker, because we dont have the large projects.
David Tamberrino - Goldman Sachs: Understood. And then just on the battery business, can you speak to the cadence of growth in the Stop-Start AGM battery technology and the adoption trend?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes.
David Tamberrino - Goldman Sachs: I see for the year, volumes have seen decelerating year-over-year growth from Q1 to 3Q now with 26%, 24% and 17%. Do you kind of anticipate that to continue or is there an inflection point in the near term?
Bruce McDonald: Ill give you a little bit color. I am glad you asked the question underneath the numbers. So, that 17% was for the quarter, 22% for the year. You are right this quarter seems to be a deceleration. Whats really great to look at the numbers you look underneath the numbers, we had almost a  if I can do the math there, almost a 15-fold increase in the only purchase of these batteries in North America. And so we are finally starting to see and I think if you look at just watch the television or watch whats being announced. Start-Stop is becoming standard on a lot of products, both Chrysler and their Jeep, the Focus, the Malibu. You go across our portfolio our customers here are starting to use the product and so we are seeing that. So, even though we are getting more moderate growth now in Europe, because its become more standard, where we are really seeing the growth is from a small base is in North America. So, I think we are going to see the rate continue, it will be less dependent on Europe and more dependent on North America and China.
David Tamberrino - Goldman Sachs: Understood.
Bruce McDonald: Its good news, because we have been waiting for that to happen.
David Tamberrino - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So basically a shift in region there for growth going forward?
Bruce McDonald: Thats right.
David Tamberrino - Goldman Sachs: Alright. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question is from David Leiker with Baird. Go ahead. Your line is open.
David Leiker - Baird: Good morning, everybody.
Alex Molinaroli: Hi.
David Leiker - Baird: On ADT, I didnt think there are any questions left here, but as ADT ends up going into the backlog, what kind of impact does that have? What share of that backlog comes out of ADT and whats the timeline of when it goes into backlog and hits revenue?
Bruce McDonald: Thats a good question, David. It has  we do have orders in ADT, but its very short cycle. And so there is  we are still sort of deep diving this, but right now, our expectation is there will not be an awful lot of backlog if any.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, probably closer to zero. It looks more like our equipments business. We are not, except where we add product to our branch channel, where we wrap our installation around it, thats usually where we have a backlog. Like I talked about earlier, equipment orders are up 9% and it really doesnt show up on our backlog. Thats ordered from the factory and this will be very similar since its going through reps.
Bruce McDonald: But we dont have any  like in our quarter end number, we have no backlog included for ADT.
David Leiker - Baird: Okay, great. And then the other question here is if you look on the power side, you had mentioned some comments about inventory, but as we came through the winter selling season, where do you think we stand from an inventory perspective as you go into stocking here from the fall?
Alex Molinaroli: I think if you look at our inventory, I would say we are bloated, we have some inventory, but thats more of a management issue and operational issue. I think the channels when I talked about what was happening in Europe, I think the channels are not extended. I think we are in pretty good shape from a channel standpoint. So assuming that, with whatever normal is I think we are going to be fine. Its pretty hard for me to figure out normal anymore, but whatever normal is, they are not overstocked. I dont think there is anything unusual about the inventories in the channel.
Bruce McDonald: Yes. My comments are around the European aftermarket inventory channel has come down.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, yes.
David Leiker - Baird: Is there a way to look at the last selling season North America and Europe, what the battery demand ended up being over the course of the season?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. I dont have those numbers. Yes, we can get those. Thats something that we have readily available.
David Leiker - Baird: Okay, great. Thank you much.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Thank you.
Alex Molinaroli: Hi, Jeff.
Bruce McDonald: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: I just wanted to come back also to BE and on the light commercial up 11%, is that also strictly a North America comment?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, thats right, thats right. The numbers that we have that are most robust will be North America. And for us, we are heavily weighted in North America than we are certainly in Europe, so thats a North American number.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Yes. So, Alex, I understand your reservation on calling a turn given how tough its been, but you just posted a quarter with applied up 9% and light commercial up 11%. I mean, that actually sounds pretty decent. I mean, was there something unusual in that sales pace in the quarter, timing or something?
Alex Molinaroli: No. No, I think that if you remember the last call I was a little bit frustrated, because I think you guys were frustrating, because we havent been able to or havent either been able or havent really showed the numbers underneath. Our equipment share has been growing and growing. So, this is not unusual. We are gaining share in the equipment business. We are adding new products in our light commercial and we have been gaining share in the heavy equipment business, but unfortunately, thats not the large part of the market. So, the largest part of the market is what we are trying to participate in the commercial. So, our branches and our direct selling force is doing great. Our products are doing well. Thats not so unusual. Maybe next time we can talk about what our share improvement has been in that part of the market. Thats what leaves us to say we just cant screw down much further. We need to keep working on the other channels in the lighter products.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Right. But then on a headline basis, North America is down 4%, so you have got weakness in what energy, energy retrofit and the
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, right. You have our performance contracting orders which as you know are very lumpy. They are a little bit soft and then we have that large construction project, very large $70 million thats VA Hospital, we call that out last year. And so those words become very lumpy. So, what you are seeing is the equipment orders are fine, but when we wrap it with our construction services that are building services, thats where its been softer, where we do integrated systems for customers on performance contracts, those kind of things.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Yes. And your performance contract would be more tied to institutional and governmental also?
Alex Molinaroli: Exactly, exactly.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: And then just shifting gears quickly, so it sounds like GWS is kind of getting a new lease on life. I am just any comment there and maybe more specifically, what if anything has the business done different with the standard chartered contract has, I would guess, secured better forward margins on that project?
Alex Molinaroli: Well, what we have done is and that what the team has done is we have been able to substantially lower their cost structure. And now we can take advantage of that in our quoting going forward. So  and I think its  thats probably the best indicator. I think that our biggest concern going into the year is we thought fairly confident we can get the cost out. And in fact we are seeing improvements of I think it was over 40% improvement in the quarter and earnings. So, we are really seeing the earnings story improved. What we didnt know is could we translate that into orders. And so we have got this, this is indicative, not only this project is very large, but there is other projects they are working on. So, I have turned where we are having trouble growing in some of these segments or the market is not participating. I am feeling better and better about GWS. And it has a lot to do with the fact that they have got their cost structure in line.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: But its cost structure accruing positive margin of the year not just allowing you to
Alex Molinaroli: Absolutely, we are  we will double those margins and then hopefully improve on top of that for the overall business.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Colin Langan with UBS. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Colin Langan - UBS: Great. Thanks for taking my question. This time last year you were talking a lot about changing the portfolio mix of the business, obviously you have done a lot of strategic actions, I mean where do you think you stand now I mean are we done with divestitures at this point, should we expect since you have taken on some large transactions, acquisitions to pause here, any thoughts on where you stand in that process?
Alex Molinaroli: This is Alex. I guess what I would say is we are  I dont think we are  this is going to be ongoing process. I would say that its not going to be a one-time where we review our portfolio. I think as we understand better and better where we add value. There is more and more opportunity and where we can grow and where we can make more money for ourselves and for our shareholders. So I would say that we are not done, we are never done. I cant really get into specifics but I think we have got some work to do yet.
Colin Langan - UBS: Okay. And then just one follow-up on the metals business within auto experience, any color on how thats progressing, I know it was losing money over a year ago I think it ended last year breakeven, are you close to the 8% to 9% levels that I think you were before everything fell apart?
Bruce McDonald: Yes. If I look at the underlying profitability of the metals business, in China we have made great progress there. And just maybe to quote some numbers before we made the acquisitions, our seating market share there is in lets say 40%, in our metals market share we talked about being 2% or 3%. If you look at the business that we have won there what were in the 15% to 20%. So we have taken our share up from say 2% or 3% to 15% to 20% and that business we have launched a brand new facility and it is up earning double digit returns. If you look at the metals business that we have and this would be a combination of the JCI, the Keiper and the Hammerstein in aggregate outside of China. So in North America and Europe in the quarter our return on sales was just a shade below 2%. And if we looked at this quarter last year we were in the red. There its a longer  its a little bit of a longer path. Colin to get to the target we talked about because we have got and we have talked about this before is what we have got to do is we got a lead tool our plants to get to standardize the manufacturing process. We got to standardize around the 2D product. And so we are working our way through I would say we are probably half way through the process of rationalizing the plants, getting the process standardized on the 2D products and trying to switch over some in-flight customers to our go to product line. So we are about halfway through. We are not sort of behind how long we thought it would going to take to do that. But thats sort of the timetable because we have got to roll things off before we get to those targets.
Alex Molinaroli: I will give you a live example of that. One of the things that we are working quickly on is tracks. And what we see right now, the only thing thats in our way is to make sure that we got our customers comfortable with it. And we are largely there. If we get all of our customers that doesnt help us a whole lot to get 80% of your customers  if we can get all of our customers to switch we dont have to wait for new models. And if we saw some progress on that great progress and so I think we are going to start seeing at least in some of the components, but thats what we are having to do right now.
Colin Langan - UBS: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Joseph Spak from RBC Capital Markets. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks for fitting me in here. I just want to make sure I understood on the light commercial side it sounds like its very short cycle, so everything converts pretty quickly and thats what we should expect of ADT as well. So, orders are not really something that we should be tracking.
Bruce McDonald: The backlog?
Alex Molinaroli: You wont even see the backlog. There maybe a little backlog, but you wont even see it. So, what will happen is our business will get more and more disconnected from our backlog. So, when Bruce talked about our service going up, that doesnt run through our backlog or lot of it doesnt run through our backlog. We sell parts. That doesnt run through our backlog. We sell to distribution like residential and like commercial. That doesnt go through our backlog. So, what happens is as we go down market through distribution or the type of products we are going to have is we are going to have to start talking about little bit differently, because our backlog is really relates mostly to contracted work. And thats mostly large projects.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. So then can you give I guess some indication of orders or recent trends on ADT on an apples-to-apples basis?
Alex Molinaroli: I dont have that. I just dont know the answer to that right now.
Bruce McDonald: I know the orders that we saw and they are relatively small, because we only had them for two weeks, but when I was looking at the numbers prior to the closing, we are really looking Joe at something like around upper single-digit year-over-year order growth.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. On Global WorkPlace Solutions, obviously a great win here this quarter. Do you think some of your prior commentary around the future of that business has hurt you at all in the bidding process? And is that at all impediment and are you able to overcome that?
Alex Molinaroli: I am sure it comes up. I mean, it would be nave to think it doesnt come up, but we have obviously continued to be engaged in that. And I think people understand that its a great business with great capability. So, I dont  I think in the end it hasnt cost us anywhere as I am sure that we have to do more explaining that we have been asked, but I dont think its hurt us. I think whats hurt us has been our cost structure.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then last one real quick, can you just remind us of where we are in the China battery capacity rollout and sort of where we are going to be in a couple years timeframe?
Alex Molinaroli: So, where we are now is we have two plants. So, we have filled one and we are filling the other. We are also converting the first plant that we put in place to some of that volume will now become AGM volume. So, we will go through a little bit of a change there, but essentially we have 14 million units capacity right now.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets: And the goal is still 20 million plus, right?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, closer to 30 million.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Alright, thanks a lot guys.
Alex Molinaroli: Okay.
Glen Ponczak: Angela, we have got time for one more caller.
Operator: Okay. Our last question will come from Brett Hoselton with KeyBanc. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Brett Hoselton - KeyBanc: Alright, made it in, thank you, gentlemen.
Alex Molinaroli: Alright, no problem Brett. You got a full buzzer.
Brett Hoselton - KeyBanc: Yes, so obviously a lot of talk about M&A activity going on in the automotive industry with Zed-F and TRW and so forth. Its raised a lot of speculation that maybe a Lear or somebody else might get taken out, which then begs the question, how core is your seating business? I think in the past you have talked about it being a very core business, but yet you have also referred to it as we are always reevaluating our portfolio and so forth. So, how should we think about your seating business?
Alex Molinaroli: Well, I am pretty happy with the growth that we are having in seating business. I like our China position. And Id like to get the profile of that business to where we see has been growth-oriented, particularly because of the China exposure. And I am hopeful that everyone just like myself will see that as core.
Brett Hoselton - KeyBanc: Excellent. Thank you very much gentlemen. Have a great day.
Alex Molinaroli: Okay. Alright, thank you Brett.
Glen Ponczak - Vice President, Investor Relations: Well, thanks everybody. Before we close here, Alex, do you have a couple of words to say?
Alex Molinaroli - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I just want to close by saying that I have made a big effort to make sure that we are as transparent as we can and we talk about the market as we see it. And I know we hedged our bets a bit on the building efficiency. I do believe that we are starting to see something, but I am just not willing to commit that the market has turned completely, but I do think we are well-positioned. And so as we keep making the investments that we are making, it just strengthens our position in the building efficiency business. I am pleased with the progress they have made in the market thats not growing. And when we come back, a good example is the UPG margins being up 3.5% for the year. That bodes well for our future. So, I want to thank our employees and I just want to make sure that everyone understands it. We are going to continue to meet expectations. And over a period of time, I think we are going to be happy with the top line. Thats it.
Glen Ponczak - Vice President, Investor Relations: Great. Thanks Alex, thanks Bruce and everyone on the call, thanks for your interest. If you have got further questions, feel free to send me an e-mail or I can be reached at 414-524-2375 and enjoy the rest of your day and weekend.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-04-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Ponczak - Vice President Alex Molinaroli - Chairman and CEO Bruce McDonald - EVP and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Brett Hoselton - KeyBanc Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank Italy Michaeli - Citigroup Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Ryan Brinkman - J.P. Morgan Brian Johnson - Barclays Colin Langan - UBS Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners 
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants lines are in listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). This call is being recorded, if you have any objections you may disconnect at this point. Now Ill turn the meeting over to your host, Vice President, Glen Ponczak. Sir, you may now begin.
Glen Ponczak: Well, thank you and welcome to the Johnson Controls Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. The slide presentation, if you dont have, it can be accessed at johnsoncontrols.com by clicking the Investors link at the top of the page, then scroll down to the events calendar section. This morning, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Alex Molinaroli will provide some spectrum on the quarter, will be followed by Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce McDonald for a review of the business unit results and overall financial performance. Following our prepared remarks, well open up the call for questions and were scheduled to end right around top of the hour. Before we begin, I would like to refer you to our full forward-looking statement disclosure in our news release and slide deck and remind you that todays comments will include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include required regulatory approvals that are material conditions for the proposed transactions to close, strength of the U.S. or other economies, automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, availability of raw materials and component products, currency exchange rates and cancellation of or changes to commercial contracts, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of Johnson Controls most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2013. Johnson Controls disclaims any obligations to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this presentation. And with that, let's get started Alex.
Alex Molinaroli: Okay. Good morning everyone. Id like to start by recognizing that the quarter was fantastical draw, Im really pleased with our results. And even with some of the mixed results as it relates to the top-line, operational improvements are really across all of our businesses. So, we are exactly where we wanted to be, in spite of some of the markets not helping us so well. So, Ill just jump right in on the second quarter, some of the highlights or some of them, whats happened in the industry. What we saw was a stronger Europe market than we anticipated, continued strength in North America, and well talk later about China but the marketplace in China remains around 9%, but youll see later that weve outperformed the market. In the battery business, we had great results in North America, the aftermarket we saw demand increase due to the cold weather particularly in the Midwest and North East. And then, but unfortunately in Europe, we see demand continue to drop and its specifically in Northern Europe, you look at Russia, Northern Europe meaning Germany and the Baltics, Russia and Turkey. In the HVAC market, the commercial markets were still awaiting for a rebound that we havent seen. And unfortunately it continues to push and in spite of that we have been able to have great bottom-line results, but its bit frustrating that the market hasnt turned on us yet, but were ready when it does. And then all of our businesses, we are still seeing strong markets across the China region. So lets talk about our results. For the quarter, our revenue is up for 4% and our segment income was up 36%, a little growth (inaudible) the operational increases which were significant and then our earnings per share was a little bit better than what we expected overall up 52% shows that the segment income increased, the operational income increases along with some of the other non-operational items. Our Q2 results are at the high-end of what we guided and we will talk later about what our future guidance or the guidance for the rest of the year. I would to just say that execution remains our number one priority, but all that being said, we have been pretty busy on our strategic initiatives trying to keep everyone updated on our portfolio changes. And that known Id like to remind you this is the slide where it is were going and where weve been. We have list here just reminds everyone of things that we are working on or have completed over the last year. And specifically there are two things that over the next quarter are two we should see close is the ADT acquisition we hope that closes in the next quarter and the closing of the Electronics deal that will certainly happen this fiscal year. If you go to the segments, lets talk about Power Solutions. So sales were actually up just a (inaudible), so basically flat sales in Power Solutions. And if you look at it outside of [LatAm] we actually saw a 4% increase. Unfortunately all the great news we had in North America in the aftermarket was offset to a large extent by Europe. Specifically its Russia, Germany; the Baltics is the bulk of it. There is a few things that account for that, weather is one, our AGM penetration sales is another one. Our AGM penetration is up 24% in the quarter. And then we are also seeing some of the effects of the downturn on the first replacement cycle, the downturn in 08 and 09. If you look at their results, the bottom-line shows that the results we retrieved 5%, but what you need to keep in count is the footnote we have here that we had a legal settlement last year that [popped-up] the numbers of $24 million. So what we are seeing is; we are seeing the margins at what we expected; we are still seeing the operational improvements and hopefully we will continue with that and get some additional volume. We should see some good improvements in the third quarter. If you recall last year, the third quarter is when we started having some of our difficulties in Power Solutions. If we move to Building Efficiency, probably the most frustrating part about this business is the commercial HVAC markets, particularly the high-end particularly the institutional segments continue not to grow. We are seeing some pipeline growth, so our orders secured is still tough but were seeing projects go in our pipeline at an increasing rate. So hopefully that will turn into growth in the future but I am a little shy to start talking about that until I start see anything move to the pipeline. So, if you look at sales being down 2%, and when you take out GWS and divestitures, you can see that Asia was up 5%, North America was down 4%, and orders in North America were down 2%. The Middle East was down 31%, the Middle East being down 31% has a lot to do with very large projects we had in the pipeline last year. And then workplace solutions were down 8%. If you look at the operating performance, it has to do with all of the initiatives that weve had in place; the restructure weve had in place; and also the separation of GWS, strong operating results considering the lack of volume. And GWS specifically is really benefiting from the restructuring charges and the operational initiatives we have. The backlog is about flat to last year and then orders down 2%. So, were hopeful that that will turn as we continue to see some toughness in the markets we participate in. Automotive experience is really a great story, not only are we participating in the growth, were giving the pull through on the income side. If you look at our revenues in North America, Europe, Asia, China all sales are up. And if you look at the sales of 25% in China, that shows you that were benefiting and gaining share continually in China. The production numbers are really to remind you. The segment income is also a great story. In fact, pretty pleased that metal performance is one that went from an unprofitable business last quarter to a profitable business this quarter. And so we continue to see improvements in our metals business. Our margins are up and both in the interiors and our automotive business and both have done very well. If you look at our interiors business, theyve gone from a loss making business last quarter -- last quarter of this year -- last year this quarter to a business thats now making money. So all-in-all, not a lot of help to top-line except for automotive, some incredible results. And Ill turn it over to Bruce and then Ill close up.
Bruce McDonald: Okay. Thanks Al. Yes, just on slide 9 here, Ill just talk about the financial highlights. And these are from continuing operations, so maybe just before I -- some of the early notes that there is some confusion around those in and out. But electronics for the quarter, we pulled out of our numbers, if you were to sort of add it back in the quarter, the sales were about 344 million and segment income was about 18 million. So, those sort of get collapsed and just reported net of tax on the discontinued operations line. So, thats kind of how things shake out versus probably what was the most analysts model. Weve also had some one-time charges in this quarter and the prior year. This year we had non-cash tax charge of about $0.27 and last year, we had three non-operational items that resulted in net charge of $0.20. And as I go through the numbers, Ill back those out. So Im going through the adjusted numbers. So lets start with revenue, were up about 4% to $10.5 billion. You can see our gross profit here up about 50 basis points. Here were really seeing the benefits of the automotive operational performance and the impact of higher global revenues in the auto space. SG&A. Here as we will start to see the benefit of a lot of the restructuring cost reduction initiatives, so on a slightly higher sales level you receive SG&A expense were down 10%. So, that we can see the impact that had on our segment margins. Equity income, a little bit higher than last year about $8 million, we benefited from improved profitability of our automotive joint ventures. And we can see our segment income margins of 6% were 140 basis points higher than the 2015 Q2 number. On slide 10. Might I just draw your attention to financing charges that were down about $10 million versus the prior year, really, really benefited from really lower interest rates. So borrowing levels were slightly lower than last year, we had more of our debt in shorter term commercial paper which has a significant lower interest rate. Tax rate in the quarter is just above 19% and roughly in line with where we were in the second quarter of last year. There is a tweak to our tax rate associated with the reclassification of electronics and discontinued operations, our blended rate is 20%, but continued operation a little bit lower and the electronics rate to discontinued operation is necessarily higher. So, the average about 20%. And EPS for the quarter came in at $0.64 which is up the 52% that Alex referred to and including the impact of the discontinued operations our total to diluted earnings per share were $0.66 which is at the high end of our guidance. Slipping to slide 11, I just spend a minute on the balance sheet and cash flow, and we are sort of pleased with how the balance sheet sort of smack back this quarter, you recall with a fairly large outflow in the first quarter really around some of the seasonal working capital factors and the $1.2 billion buyback that we completed. So if you look at this quarter our cash flow from operations was $730 million, you can see thats nearly club (inaudible) versus where we were last year. Our net debt in the quarter came down almost $400 million and we are sitting here right now with the net debt to total capitalization of about 34%. Our trade working capital was source of cash in the quarter. If you look at that and we define trade working capitals payables receivable inventory which is now about 6.9% of sales, down about 80% basis points from where we were last year. In terms of CapEx on a year-to-date basis where we thought would be are half way through in a $1.2 billion that we have guided to. Really pretty confident in the second half cash flow, our cash flow is back end loaded with our earnings and we remain on track to deliver the $1.6 billion free cash flow target that we set at the beginning of the year. And lastly on slide 12. I just touched on our guidance. I just want to be clear in terms of what we are saying and what we said. So if we go back to the guidance that we have provided on December analyst meeting in New York, we talked about a range of $3.15 to $3.30 including Electronics and Electronics perhaps within that range was up $0.10 to $0.12. So on an apples-to-apples basis that we were to pullout Electronics, our guidance back then would have been $3.05 to $3.18. And so what we are doing here today is we are tightening and slightly raising the midpoint of our guidance to a range of $3.10 to $3.15 without electronics so its continuing operations. And then from the third quarter were introducing earnings range of $0.81 to $0.84 which as we compared to last would be an increase of between 13% and 17%. And we talked a little bit about air distribution technology and the impact it would have on our 2014 numbers, excluding any transaction related costs we think its going to be fairly neutral to our Q4 earnings estimates. And so I will turn it back over to you Alex.
Alex Molinaroli:  Yes, before we get the questions there is a couple of things I would like to point out where I think there might be some concerns. First I will give you some, my take on B/E, if you look at our share which is something that we can only control, we cant control the marketplace, we are maintaining or increasing our share. If you look at our profitability, I will just give you an example, I go to North America, if you look at our profitability in North America with sales being down 4% our earnings are up 22% a quarter, 12% year-to-date. So we have got operational improvements that are put in place, we are not losing share and when the market comes back we are going to be in a position to take advantage of that. So I want to make sure it puts it in a context that we are very pleased with whats going on and we just wish the market was coming back quicker. And in Power Solutions we are increasing our share both in the OEs if you look at it this time versus last year and the aftermarket unfortunately in Europe the aftermarket is not helping us, it is helping us in North America. Along with increasing share our AGM growth is continuing and we are very pleased with our China growth. So if you look at our strategic initiatives and what we have been saying with what we can control, I am very proud of what the team has done. Last thing that I will leave you with, if you look at the portfolio moves we still have ways to go but I am also pleased with how quickly the team has been able to get their heads wrapped around and get some actions put in place in order to meet some of our portfolio changes, so all-in-all I am pretty pleased with what weve accomplished so far. With that Glen I think well take the questions.
Glen Ponczak: Yes. (Inaudible), were ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question is coming from the line of Mr. Brett Hoselton. Sir you may now proceed.
Brett Hoselton - KeyBanc: Good morning gentlemen.
Alex Molinaroli: Hi Brett.
Glen Ponczak: Good morning.
Brett Hoselton - KeyBanc: Two things here, related to the automotive segment. First, can you provide your guidance while youre looking at CD margins coming at high 4% or 5% range? And I am wondering how are you tracking, how are you feeling about that (inaudible) a little bit of pressure on their margins versus their previous expectations, but how are you feeling about the margins kind of in the short-term relative to your guidance? And then kind of longer-term where do see that segment potentially moving to you?
Bruce McDonald: Yes, Brett its Bruce here. Well, weve always talked about we think our margins are to be in the 7% to 8% range, if you look at this, the quarter that we just did our ceiling business was 5.2% and thats off of a depressed, our metals business a lot better than it was, but still not anywhere close to where we think that business should be from a longer-term margin perspective and obviously Europe is pretty fast. So I would tell you right now our, if you look at where we are through these six months our ceiling business, our interiors business and the Electronics business are all performing ahead of our plan, both in terms of our top-line and margin performance, so we're pretty pleased.
Brett Hoselton - KeyBanc:  And then on the interiors business, can you provide us with an update as to your latest thinking, I know youre doing a strategic review of the interiors business. Is there anything new that you can share with us with regards to future of that business?
Alex Molinaroli: Unfortunately were not in a position to share yet. I could tell you that we're heavily engaged in activities and Im hopeful and I told our employees that over the next quarter or so we should be able to talk about it, so thats where we are today.
Brett Hoselton - KeyBanc:  Okay. Thank you very much gentlemen.
Alex Molinaroli:  Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mr. Rod Lache from Deutsche Bank. Sir you may now proceed.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank:  Good morning everybody. Alex, so speaking you might be willing to just kind of revisit your thoughts on the long-term goal for the building efficiency, auto experience and power solutions and whether those have changed? Just in the context of what weve seen here building efficiency down, it was down last year and year before was weak. I think long-term youve been talking about 5% to 6% growth there. I think you sort of intimated that automotive experience would be kind of flattish, but here its been running up over 9%. And similarly for power solutions, there was originally like an 8% to 9% long-term growth expectations, but thats been running a little bit lower. So you get a couple of years here of different performance than what the long-term plan was, is that kind of factor into your thinking about the long-term now?
Alex Molinaroli: Well I think were going through cycles. The automotive cycle is better than what we expected and we certainly want to take advantage of that long-term, but havent really changed our view. Building efficiency, unfortunately we just have not seen in the commercial market especially the high-end come back. Our recent acquisition of ADT is going to help us not only with other distribution that participate in the broader in the market, but also in some of the products that are more down market. So, we can have a broader participation in the marketplace. So, I'm still bullish on BE long-term, frustrated with where we're at. So, we'll continue to invest particularly in North America and China, but we think that long-term that's the best place to invest in our dollars; the Hitachi JV is an example of that. And as far as our power solutions, I think we're finally getting some traction in China. And as you know, the AGM growth just happens quick as we wanted to. But we're maintaining the share and keeping share in that business. So that business is one that we can't control necessarily what's going to happen on the ground, but what we can control is make sure we maintain share. But I would tell you that my long-term view of where we're going to invest has not changed.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank: And youre still expecting kind of a secular growth rate in building efficiency. Is that what you are referring to as more of the cyclical part, but in the past you've talked quite a bit about some of the savings opportunities there and why that should grow on a secular long-term basis?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, I expect to outperform the marketplace. And we're certainly getting our cost inline and I think this will make us not only more competitive, but put us in a position to take advantage of the upturn. So, I would expect that we're going to outpace the market, not only because we have a good cost position, but because we're adding to our portfolio.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And in auto experience, could you just give us a little bit of detail on what the profitability looks like right now and structures and what's the gap to your target. And I don't know sounds like you don't really want to give us a lot on the interior sale process, but is there any kind of broad framework that you can convey on valuation or what you are thinking that you can get out of it at this point?
Bruce McDonald: Well, I think weve said organic sales in terms of the interior just got to be pretty (inaudible) but in terms of our structuring business, I can tell you that we were profitable in the quarter, so we are profitable in fact every month. I dont have that top of my head, however the margins, I would say its probably in the 1% to 2% type range and its a business that when we look at our metals business overall should be normally 8% to 10% range. And weve talked in the past about what are sort of things that we need to do to get there, its not going to be a -- right now we are benefiting from fixing a lot of our launch problems, but to get to the target that I talked about, we really have to accomplish two things; one is getting our plants converted over so they are all making the 2b technology and right now we have a eight plus four of technology that came from the three businesses before. And then we are working on some initiatives to spend on some of our [product] technology as well, standardize how we make things. So, once we kind of get through that and its going to take two to three years working with the customers this product stays out and the new 2b technologies phase in. And weve been encouraged that the underlying problems that weve had in that business are not reoccurring and the benefit of the longer term plan that weve put in place are all performing as weve expected.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. And this is Alex. So I think that probably after another quarter or so not only do we have confidence, but everyone has confidence that fixing is behind us. Were going to start talking more about the future of business, which is exactly what Bruce said. We have an opportunity to grow that business. We have a great position technology wise and then we have also extended our position in China. So I hope we could start talking about what were doing to grow that business and make it more profitable in the future now that we are getting operations issues behind us.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, Id probably should just clarify my comments are rolled our North American, European business. One of other initiatives was growing that business in China so that we have made the investment and then thats the business that we expect to be pretty close double-digit this year.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank: Great, thank you.
Alex Molinaroli: Thanks Rod.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our next is coming from Mr. Mike Wood. Sir you may now proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks for taking my question. In building efficiency things maybe, could have been impacted by a pull forward from the Energy Policy Act expiration at the end of last year and also weather in North America. Can you give us a sense of how the orders exited the quarter?
Alex Molinaroli:  Let me make sure I understand the question. Is it relates to what orders we have in place or what happened at the back-end of the quarter?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, the back-end of the quarter, I just feel like the beginning of the quarter may not be representative, so it would be interesting to know what run rate you exited the quarter at?
Alex Molinaroli:  I think that you are there is couple of things; I think there is problem asking that type of question. We are obviously going to see a seasonal benefit on a year-on-year basis, we are seeing some improvement and quite interestingly one of the things thats really growing is our service business, service contracts and our repair business which is high margin business is benefiting more than the marketplace. So, there are lots of signs but were skittish. And until we have more than a month or so were not going to be really bullish talking about growth. But youre right, it was back-end loaded in the quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And also can you give us a sense of the European vehicle production forecast that you have embedded in 2Q, we had another supplier reported this morning had 2% forecast for next quarter wondering if youre seeing the same moderation, despite the vehicle registration thats been strong there?
Bruce McDonald: Yes, its Bruce. Were in that Id say 2% to 3% is what were sort of seeing.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Italy Michaeli. Sir you may now proceed.
Italy Michaeli - Citigroup: Great, thanks. Good morning everyone.
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning.
Bruce McDonald: Good morning.
Italy Michaeli - Citigroup: Just a follow-up to maybe to Rods question I was hoping you can just update us on what youre expecting for revenue by segment just the growth rates that you led out for 14 by segment?
Bruce McDonald: In terms of our guidance here, yes
Italy Michaeli - Citigroup: Yes, youre talking now with post electronics and just with the B/E kind of numbers in the quarter just kind of what your significant 1% to 3% growth in building efficiency in 14 and about 7% to 8% in power solutions?
Bruce McDonald: Yes. Id say right now if you kind of look at it, were looking at I dont have the numbers at the top of my head. But I can tell you directionally B/E is going to be flattish to slightly down in terms of just given our backlog performance because there are not very lot we can do to move the needle in terms of whether pick up and its impact on the second half of the year. Power solutions, it is difficult to get some visibility around the aftermarket trends, but they are probably slightly down, maybe 1% to 2% lower than we said before. And automotive will probably be stronger even, the underlying growth in our seating and interiors is stronger. What I -- I cant do math in my head here quickly in terms of how that translates into striping out electronics.
Italy Michaeli - Citigroup:  Okay. So sure, thats helpful. And just two follow-up balance sheet questions, one, pretty impressive, you are able to maintain the free cash flow guidance for the year, just maybe talk about whats going right there. And then two, I think your prior guidance was to end 14 with about 23% or 25% in net debt to cap ratio, I was hoping you can update us on that and if you have a pro forma for where that would be after the recent acquisition announcement, those would be great.
Bruce McDonald:  Yes, the free cash flow and just maybe to help you out of couple, our earnings tend to be our backend loaded, so there is more cash flow that comes through because of the earnings seasonality and thats (inaudible). Secondly is we tend to have a inventory build towards the first half for the year around some of the equipment and building efficiency that sort of winds back in the second half of the year. In our guidance, weve got the proceeds of the electronics divestiture which is 265 million coming in. We also in the second half of year get our dividends from our equity accounted for Chinese joint ventures, those around couple of hundred million. And those would be the -- those would sort of be the main factors that drive us to the skewing there. And then your second question in terms of the balance sheet, its around 400 basis points to 500 basis points increase, as a result of the financing, the $1.6 billion, the debt that well take on for the ADT acquisition. So, around 29 to 30, I think is the number.
Alex Molinaroli: Could I address something before you hang up, just to make sure you get kind of what we look at as it relates to the rest of year on building efficiency. When we start talking about the backlog number, which is flat to last year; that just gives you an indicator of whats going to happen over the next six months; that usually brings pretty true.
Italy Michaeli - Citigroup: Right, absolutely. Great. Thanks for that clarification Alex and the detail, Bruce. Thanks.
Alex Molinaroli: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Rich Kwas. Sir, you may now proceed.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo: Good morning everyone.
Alex Molinaroli: Hi Rich.
Bruce McDonald: Hi Rich.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo: On building efficiency, just on the margins here youve been able to do pretty good job driving the margin without revenue support. Alex, where are you in terms of the restructuring benefit, as you look at the balance of this year and into 15? Can you still drive margin higher without volume looking out 12 months or so, or do you -- when do you start to need to see the volume come through?
Alex Molinaroli: Well, were certainly going to benefit the rest of the year. And well benefit on a percentage basis even more, because remember the revenues will increase. And weve taken, both SG&A and cost of goods sold out. So the margins would probably be at low end of where the margins will end up at the rest -- end of the year because the volumes will pick up. And then over the first couple of quarters and next year, we should continue to see benefit. Because were -- particularly in North America, were getting close to our target. In fact, in some ways its actually more than our targets because of the pressure on the backlog.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, and Id maybe add to that, Rich, the other thing is I would say, I think on the cost side going to 2015 and then towards the backend of 15 and 16 and well start to see the accretive benefits of the ADT acquisition thats accretive to the margin.
Alex Molinaroli: Thats right. And fortunately, I cant tell you when the Hitachi JV will be completed. Were working diligently on it, but long-term -- mid-term, Id say that were bullish on the [BE] with the a little bit of help, we could be dangerous.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo: Okay, all right. And then on GWS with the sales down, the margins up, is that business you are walking away from in terms of just less profitable business or is that just fundamental weakness of the business?
Alex Molinaroli: So a little bit of both. Id say there was a period where we werent securing work, I would say its probably a 12 month period because we are working on their own cost basis. Weve changed our cost basis, you can see that its reflected in the numbers; you are seeing it come through. In fact we are only seeing part of it come through because we give a bunch of that back to our customers. So you see the profitability in that business improve, imagine that we are giving at least half of more than half back to our customers as we change current contracts. When we look at our pipeline, its getting stronger and stronger. Last time we met with GWS folks a couple of weeks ago, the pipeline, they are cautious, but the pipeline looks pretty strong both in the near term and long term.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo: Okay. And just the last one from me on China with power solutions, do you expect to be profitable in China power solutions by year end, is that still the target and whats your confidence on that?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, go ahead.
Bruce McDonald: Yes. I think I will hang myself on this one for [Brian]. No, its -- the issue was if you just were to look at the business that we have today that [profitability] is improving. We are going to see in May we are launching our second plant, so thats going to start up and then we are going to start work on sites watching things like for our next plant in China. So, I would say the business will flip to profitability but we are going to make some investments that are going to offset that. So what I think and I have said this before, and we probably just need to bring more visibility to it. The way that we look at it because of the lumpiness is our plant economics, what is our plant economics, how does that stack up with the rest of our portfolio. The fact that its in China, it means it has a little higher overhead because we dont have the footprint in place yet. So, well probably bring some more visibility to that, helps people understand where we are. But if we just looked at the profitability, it would be hard for us to add these plants.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Ryan Brinkman. Sir you may now proceed.
Ryan Brinkman - J.P. Morgan: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Maybe one just on the automotive in China, the revenue growth of your unconsolidated JVs there, its really been outpacing the industry for a few quarters and a lot again this quarter. So maybe just comment on the drivers there, is it because your levered to the right auto makers that would seem not quite sufficient to explain that proper or are you expanded into new automakers or what, I mean how much longer can we expect this type of outperformance to start in here?
Alex Molinaroli:  So I will start, this is Alex, and then Bruce can clean it up. One of the things that we are fortunate is that we do have the presence across the board but what you see is our transplants are doing better than the locals and our share with the transplants is very, very high, particularly you look at the European transplants. So if you look at our mix of business, our customers are doing well plus we are gaining share. So if both are happening, we certainly have the right customers.
Bruce McDonald: And then I absolutely agree with that. Three other factors Ill point to, one is our components growth. So we touched on metals but we really werent there and weve made some investments, so were growing there. And then secondly would be if you look at the market SUV, penetration is rising and were gaining a lot more dollar content there. And the third factor would just be were seeing increased interiors content in the vehicle market there as particularly China brands try and compete with the transplants. So were up contenting the interiors to compete with the transplant vehicles.
Ryan Brinkman - J.P. Morgan: Okay, great. And then just last question on GWS, starting to post some better operating results there despite the top-line headwind, kind of how the -- and presumably on restructuring and expenses and sort of how the turnaround to automobile began and maybe sort of where youre given out for couple of quarters in building efficiency apart from GWS? So does this change at all your thinking relative to sort of hold versus sale decision you face there?
Alex Molinaroli: I dont think it impacts our decision because our decision, we knew we were going to get this business fixed. That was never a question. What we need to make sure is strategically does it fit with our portfolio moving forward. So thats were certainly going to make it more profitable, its good for our customers, its good for us, but it doesnt really impact our decision of what were going to do with that long-term. And by the way, there is a lot more profitability to come there, theyve done a great job.
Ryan Brinkman - J.P. Morgan: Good to hear. Thanks for the color.
Alex Molinaroli: Thanks Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Brian Johnson. Sir you may now proceed.
Alex Molinaroli: Brian?
Brian Johnson - Barclays: Brian Johnson. I just want to go - hello, hello?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes.
Brian Johnson - Barclays: Just want to go back to some of your comments on decline in segment in particularly the mix differences as you know a large competitor of yours reported this morning with commercial, HVAC revenues up single-digits and reported decent demand growth in North America. So when you talk about share is that in the overall market or is that in the segments at the upper end you are competing in and also just as you bring in ADT, is that going to give you more exposure or perhaps more cyclical small and mid commercial where other competitors might have more of the mix currently?
Alex Molinaroli:  So let me answer the last part of that question, first, absolutely. So the ADT acquisition has two things, one is the products go across all the segments of the market place, low to high complexity, but it also has a distribution system thats lower cost and touches those customers, so it gives us both from that standpoint. Now obviously I didnt get listen to the call, but what I looked at the release both the todays release and yesterday I saw that when they talk about commercial HVAC revenues would be flat with the quarter and first quarter commercial bookings being low. So I think we're pretty consistent, we're not losing share I just think we have a bad mix. When I looked at some of the numbers that came out, they are comparable for us, so we're not losing share, in fact at our UPG business is growing more actively, but we just dont have -- it is just not as large as our competitors.
Bruce McDonald:  Yes, and maybe just put some the number around that Brian. If you look our EPG business in the quarter, we are up about 12% on a revenue perspective.
Brian Johnson - Barclays:  EPG meaning, unitary?
Alex Molinaroli:  Yes.
Bruce McDonald: Yes. Residential, residential like commercial, which I think is a smaller percentage of our business than our competitors.
Brian Johnson - Barclays:  Right, I mean is it, as you just kind of look two or three years out, would it be fair to say some of the large institutional markets are not growing as fast as you might have thought? And we can all think of fiscal budgets, pressures on academic institutions, healthcare. And that you want to pick it up more in the mid and small commercial?
Alex Molinaroli: So, here is how I would look at it. It's certainly going to be last end cycle to come. So, youve got residential like commercial and you are seeing it in the numbers are growing quicker. And then within the segment that we are strong, you are seeing the commercial space grow quicker than the institutional. From a long term debt, the institutional markets right place for us to be. But what you are also seeing is that like the acquisition and investments you are going to be in products and channels to sure up our lower-end. So we're not kept on the high end market, but we're planning to keep our share, because it will come back. So, as you see we're making moves in the lower end in marketplace.
Brian Johnson - Barclays: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Colin Langan. Sir, you may now proceed.
Colin Langan - UBS: Great, thanks for taking my question. Any color on why auto experience is so much stronger than you're expecting the original guidance for 1% to 2% for the year and I think year-to-date you are up 11%. I mean it doesn't seem like some of production forecasts or is that materially better, I mean is this the customer mix factor or there is something, it was the 1% to 2% including the divestiture of Electronics?
Bruce McDonald: No, it would be -- the markets are better than we have thought, so that has certainly an element there. And then the mix, we have got a pretty favorable product mix particularly in Europe. So, I mean I don't think going into the year, we envision Europe being up double digit. And it's just we have -- I guess what were seeing now is the downside and having a lot of launches over the last two years [compass] in our P&L. But we have a higher percent of our sales of our newer vehicles that are performing well in the marketplace with consumers.
Alex Molinaroli: And I also think we probably gave our guidance earlier because of our fiscal start at the 1st of October and I could recall we didnt expect much at all. We were talking about being at the bottom and hopeful. So, its really outperformed what we thought.
Colin Langan - UBS: Okay. And then any comments on the seating business, you keep focusing on the multi-industry. Is that still a core business or is that something youd consider selling overtime at the right way?
Bruce McDonald: Seating business is core.
Colin Langan - UBS: Okay. And on power solutions just a quick question. And it seems like a pretty steep decline in Europe on the aftermarket, down 15%. Is that due to tough comp or is that almost sounds like it could be a record low type number; I mean any context on how tough it is in Europe right now?
Alex Molinaroli: I probably wasnt very clear in my remarks, this is Alex. If you look at that business four years ago, you would flip it and you would see the OE business being down 15%, 20%, 25%. Now what we are seeing is the first wave of replacement being down because the vehicles are there. We are also seeing the impact of the AGM mix and thats something that we expected and then the weather is not helping. So I think that there is a lot of things that hit us at once and thats why its so severe. Im also having a little concern because Eastern Europe is where we are growing and places like Russia and there is a little uncertainty there today. So, we are not losing share, but we are suffering with the marketplace. And the market will come back, because sales in Middle East came back. So, it will come back overtime, but unfortunately its offsetting all of the growth were having in other places.
Colin Langan - UBS: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. David Leiker. Sir you may now proceed.
Unidentified Analyst:  Hi, good morning. This is Joe [Vruwink] for David.
Alex Molinaroli:  Hey Joe.
Bruce McDonald: Hi Joe
Unidentified Analyst: Just looking at building efficiency EBIT, I am wondering how much the ability to grow with the revenue declines is more belt tightening in a difficult end markets versus actions that actually are going to widen your incremental margins later on, because if I just, if I think of your long-term targets, the goal was there about 50 bps on margin annually, you did more than that this quarter with a revenue decline I would just think that going forward when growth returns the margin gains should be bigger?
Alex Molinaroli:  So, I will take this, this is Alex. So, I would talk about B/E in a couple of ways. First off, we have retrenched in Europe and I think that that will continue to be the position that we will, we want some profitability in Europe, but not make a lot of investments. Where we plan to make our investments is Asia specifically China and in North America where we think the market is only going to be stronger, but its going to be longer lasting and less cyclical. We are going to expand our footprint with the type of buildings that we approach and the channels that you see in that thats evidence of that thats happening today, but we also think that our cost position, which is not just SG&A, but our operational cost will benefit us in the future in gaining share in the markets we already participate in. Weve taken $100 million of cost out of the channel in North America. And I think we are more efficient and more effective than we were in the past. Weve really streamlined our service to our customers. So, I am pretty bullish, I just need some market to participate in.
Unidentified Analyst: So those efficiencies, cost actions those are things you carry forward as the volumes come back, so it just seem to me like the incremental to be as much better is something higher than kind of the 50 bps to that
Alex Molinaroli:  I would tell you yes with one caveat. As the market grows, we will be adding to our direct sales force. And that will be a direct P&L hit, thats not a capital investment. So, when the market comes back we will see the benefit operationally, but were committed to grow with the market and well need to add some sales cost, but youre right overall.
Bruce McDonald : Yes. I think for the -- and weve talked about this on previous calls. If you think about B/E business we wanted the people business we have to invest ahead of the curve. So once you see our order intake climbing we have to start to make investments. And we have said in the past that time is when were in a no investment mode, well have opportunity to grow our margins quicker than 50 basis points. And so thats what youre kind of seeing right now is (inaudible) adding the investments were getting all of the leverage from the cost saving initiatives, but its not sustainable.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then switching over to automotive, there was a lot of talk during the Analyst Day about just being more discipline and going after new business really rationalizing the backlog. But as you see the returns step up in that segment, you certainly start rebidding on things and maybe werent meeting your ROIC targets before suddenly they do it and so maybe automotive is a faster grower in the future?
Alex Molinaroli: Were not going to change our discipline I think thats probably the economist in the past. So were going to make sure that we are obtaining work not only with the right margin, but the right customer. So I think when we go after work in more aggressive way, there will be a strategic reason to do it. But certainly were going to leverage the footprint we already have and were going to make sure we can maximize the investments were making in Asia. So, I think that you can see us continue to keep our discipline in place because the good times are always here.
Unidentified Analyst: So longer-term the view that seating is basically a no growth but better return as a whole?
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. The no growth is what we said, it was based on some market growth projections, which right now we're seeing better than that. So, based on what we projected in the market to be that will be true. If it continues to be stronger that wont be true, well benefit from the growth. But you will see is if this is a pie chart, you will see our business moving more and more into Asia over the long-term from a percentage standpoint.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you.
Alex Molinaroli: Thanks Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Jeff Sprague. Sir you may now proceed.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: Thank you good morning gents.
Alex Molinaroli:  Hey Jeff.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: Alex, I was wondering actually if you could maybe sort of find a point on the overall kind of strategic vision as it relates to multi-industry. And the nature of my question is that in essence you are a multi-industry company, youve got improved segments plus or minus a billion dollars of OP. So, does your vision really (inaudible) and at some point you need entirely new wag although that meaning that the return profile in these businesses just needs to be much higher to really put you in a different lead relative to kind of pure type company? 
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. Here is how I would answer that. I think we need to rebalance our portfolio whether that requires another wag or not. Today, just like if you look at ADT acquisition, we're staying near adjacent where we feel comfortable, overtime that may change. As it relates to our automotive business, we can only get so much margin on our business, it has a theoretical cap and we want to get the most that we can. And we're not sure what the cyclicality of that business, if were over weighted in the auto that well look get the benefit of being the multi-industrial. So, thats kind of the perspective that I have and continue to see investments outside of automotive and thus making sure that were rational in what we do in automotive. And in particular, we have a great position in China and wed be silly not to take advantage of that.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: Do you have a view of how much auto is just right not too much that youre not penalized for auto? 
Alex Molinaroli: No, I guess you guys are going to tell us that. But what I would tell you is we feel mostly the margins go up, because China will grow and we will limit our investment to other places. So, I dont know the answer to that, but I do think we have some, I know its less than what we have today. Thats what I know for sure. And as Ive told everyone and I answer the question earlier little flip it, seating is not on the table, but what is more important long-term, Im committed to be a leading multi-industrial. But today seating is not on the table, but we have clear plan to do in order to meet our objectives.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, its important to think about the investments that were making in Hitachi and ADT and the ones that sort of making clear in electronics, I mean thats quite a major shift and its just lifted our revenue profile.
Alex Molinaroli: So far what I would tell you, were doing pretty much what we said and in some ways, I think were ahead of schedule.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: Okay. Thank you for that additional color. Just a quick little clean up, the repatriation tax is non-cash, is that the whole idea of the repatriation taxes, what that were in fact cash, thats why people dont repatriate cash often?
Bruce McDonald: Yes, and I can help with that one. You are absolutely right, there is a cash tax payable on repatriation of [foreign] earnings. We have foreign tax credits that we can use to offset that tax, so we have the book charge and we have foreign tax credit that are on deferred tax assets that offset the cash tax payment. Its a book charge but not a cash charge.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: Okay. And then just finally on the balance sheet, obviously you need to finance ADT, but as you noted Bruce you also are kind of under short end of the curve, should we expect any kind of financing headwinds term out some of the CP from a near term either separately or as part of the ADT transaction?
Bruce McDonald: Well, the ADT call we talked about we were going to sort of go out there along, so we are looking at, I think at the call I talked about assuming its going to be a blended 4%. So as that stands right now, obviously subject to market conditions, we would think about now the substantial portion of financing being 10 and 30 (inaudible).
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: Okay, great. Thank you very much guys.
Alex Molinaroli: We have time for one more call.
Operator: All right. Our next question is going to be from the line of Mr. Ted Wheeler. Sir, you may now proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, good morning all.
Alex Molinaroli: Hi Ted.
Unidentified Analyst: You gave us a little detail on building efficiency North America. I wondered if you could give us some more detail on the other segments in the BE for the quarter.
Bruce McDonald: As far as regions?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, well I guess its regions right, you got North America, you got this Asia other and GWS if I look, the units that you put in the filings?
Bruce McDonald: Are you interested in sort of orders?
Unidentified Analyst: Id love anything you can share but I just
Bruce McDonald:  Okay.
Unidentified Analyst:  Revenues and margins if you could.
Bruce McDonald: We will have those in the in our filings; I dont -- again we dont have those with us, we kind of just talk about the business. But I mean I can go through the geographically if you look at our orders, when you out exchange it is down about 1%. So on that basis what you would see, the Europe was actually up a bit 2%, Asian orders were flat in the quarter, North America is down, Alex commented on the fact that service orders are up and equipment and controls were down, then where we are really seeing pulled out from an order perspective is Middle East and Latin America which tend to be lumpy in terms of large jobs and those were down by 27% and 29% respectively.
Alex Molinaroli:  The way Id look at those two is, when we say we are up 30% in the Middle East, I wont get excited about it and we say we are down 30% in the Middle East I wont get excited about that because these projects, one project could be almost the size of the entire backlog; these are very large and very lumpy.
Bruce McDonald: And maybe just to help you out a little bit on the margins, some margin, sub margins (inaudible) North America and Asia, we did see good margin. I dont have the numbers at the top of my head. On slide that Alex went through on building efficiency, you see that we did reference the fact that we continue to have some contract charges in the Middle East its what we have had some in the previous quarter that will pull down the profitability of that segment, now we have headwinds in the quarter of a $0.02 this year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And I guess Global Workplace Solutions, I think you gave us a number, I guess we had last years and would you say the profits, could you refresh me? And you said, I think youve said Global Workplace Solutions profit is good.
Alex Molinaroli: We said the profits were up 24%.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Ive got the other.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you for the color.
Alex Molinaroli: Okay.
Bruce McDonald: Okay. All right thanks Ted.
Alex Molinaroli: Okay. So, I want to just wrap up. I appreciate everyones great questions. And I wanted to once again thank our employees. There is a lot of opportunity for distractions in our business, a lot of the change going on but our employees number one focus on execution and I think you see that in results. So were going to continue to execute; were going to continue to meet our commitments and that includes changing our portfolio and meeting our strategic objectives. So, I appreciate all the calls and look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Glen Ponczak: Okay. Thanks Alex, thanks Bruce. And thanks to all on the call for your interest. If you got any further questions, feel free to email or call me at 414-524-2375. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: That concludes todays conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-01-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Ponczak - Vice President, Investor Relations Alex Molinaroli - Chairman and CEO Bruce McDonald - Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank Brian Johnson - Barclays Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs Italy Michaeli - Citigroup
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants lines in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Todays conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this point. Now Ill turn the meeting over to your host, Mr. Glen Ponczak. Sir, you may now begin.
Glen Ponczak: Thank you, [Toni]. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. Before we begin here, just like to remind you that Johnson Controls will be speaking from todays presentation that are forward-looking and therefore subject to risk and uncertainties. All statements in this presentation other than statements of historical facts, statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this presentation, statements regarding future financial position, sales, costs, earnings, cash flows, other measures of results of operations, capital expenditures or debt levels and plans, objectives, outlook, targets, guidance or goals are forward-looking statements. Words such as may, will, expects, intend, estimate, anticipate, believe, should, forecast, project or plan, or terms of similar meaning are also generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Johnson Controls cautions that these statements are subject to numerous important risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, some of which are beyond the company's control that could cause Johnson Controls' actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include the strength of U.S. or other economies, automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, availability of raw materials and component products, currency exchange rate, and cancellations of or changes to commercial contracts, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part I of Johnson Controls' most recent annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2013. Shareholders, potential investors and others should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements and should not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements included in today's presentation are made only as of the date of this presentation, and Johnson Controls assumes no obligation, and disclaims any obligation, to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this presentation today. We have joined this morning with a very, very long call to the microphone by Alex Molinaroli, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Alex is actually joining us from Davos, Switzerland, where he is attending the World Economic Forum. So its -- there is a little bit late here there because of the resistance here, so we are in different places. But Alex will join us of course for the call here and he will give an overview of the quarter and then we will be followed by Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for a look at each of the business segment and an overall financial view, followed then by your questions-and-answers ending somewhere near the top of the hour. And with that, well head over to Switzerland let me turn it over to Alex.
Alex Molinaroli: Well, good morning, everyone. I am glad everyone could join. Its actually warmer here than in the Milwaukee. I -- first thing I want to do and I will come back to it at the end is acknowledge all the hard work, there has been also lot of accomplish in the short period of time. We have been able to accomplish some things that some things that we can about here and some things that are strategic while from an operational perspective could be enable to keep our eye on the ball. So the team -- when I say the team, all of our colleagues around the world are working hard and very focused. So lets talk about the environment a little bit, because I think its important, if you go to slide three is where I am starting. We are benefiting from the North American volume increased. We will talk about -- we will talk about Europe and what we are doing. But we are seeing in Europe at least right now some stability in the market. It shows a, you should see a 2% increase in volume in the industry production, but I think that the 2% is not as important as stability is for us right now and hopefully, we can maintain that for the rest of the year. And then China, we had significant growth, we keep talking about and hear about 7%, 9% growth. What we saw was 14% growth in the quarter as relates to OE market. When you look at battery demand, we finally got the cold weather there we are looking for. We got it late November and throughout December, and so we were able to get, we have got some orders because of that, we will talk about that North America. Unfortunately and as I can attest, believe it or not, Europe having the warmest winter that had in a hundred years, so we can win for losing. But, so what you are going to find is we are little soft in Europe but we are going to see -- we are seeing the demand grow in North America which is wed prefer to have it there anyway and we will actually see more benefit going forward because it's continues to be cold and hopefully, what we will see is our customers haven't restock more than once this winter. And then we have seen a note about commercial HVAC demand improving. I think what I would say that, we're seeing an increase. I think a lot of it has to do with share. But we are gaining some share. We're seeing more activity. But mostly on the negotiated side, if you look at the architectural indexes, it would tell you that, we still a ways off before we see a strong commercial recovery. But we have, our pipelines are growing now and we are seeing more and more opportunities. And then in China, I am really happy to say that, we have been had a franchise business both in A/E and B/E and Power Solutions is making lots of strides and had their best month ever in December. So were seeing growth in China across all of our businesses. If you go slide four and we just kind of recap the quarter. The way I would say this is, we did what we said we were going to do and I think that we did it in a way that was -- what -- it was a good quarter, strong operational performance. I think that, we can find opportunities that we could do some things, we could do some things better and some things we are surprised, how well it went. But we are particularly happy with how well the automotive business did and I'm sure Bruce will cover that later. But if you look at what we said in December, we did what we said we are going to do and thats really important to us. We are very focused on the near-term in making sure that we have a cost structure in place so that when the market comes back we can benefit from it. And Id say that, if you look at our restructuring activities, all the things that we've done in order to get ourselves positioned well for the future are on tracking and when we saw the benefits of that. And in particular you look what happen in our metals business, in our European business for automotive, significant changes and those guys are feeling good, this year they have done a great job. If you look at our second quarter outlook, EPS $0.64 to $0.66, see thats up 45%. Now, Bruce, will go over, we have some counting changes. So Bruce will go over some of that to make sure you understand what that means with the accounting changes, we went from -- we went from LIFO to FIFO in our Power Solutions business. So it has a significant quarter-to-quarter impact with our numbers. Our segment income, a 15% is a fully -- is continuing to be our full year outlook and we're sticking with the range that we gave you in December, $3.15 to $3.30. I do want to go through a couple things that that strategically important. We talked about our portfolio in December. We continue to talk about that. Weve talk about how we want to manage our capital in a different way at least our allocation of capital. And we have made, we have been very consistent in our behaviors of the things that we are doing, consistent with what we told you we are going to do it and you continue to see that. We are happy that we are able to get our agreement with Visteon, sell the rest of the electronics business. We increased our dividend 16%. We did finish our share repurchases for the year because of the accelerated plan that we had. We announced the joint venture with Hitachi. Its a very important -- it's very important to us because its going to bring some products particularly mini-splits and VRF into our portfolio which are very important globally and become important to North America. And we announced that we are looking at strategic options for our interiors business. We dont have anything to talk about at that point but there is something thats ongoing. And then the building efficiency business, I mean this is a real big win. We have a largest contract ever and largest performance contract ever with the State of Hawaii Department of Transportation. Its over $150 million and over time that contract will grow. So big win for building efficiency and overall if you look at their numbers, month -- quarter-to-quarter we continue to see growth. We still dont have our backlog above last year. We did think we would at this point. But were on track to continue to build that backlog. So with that, Ill turn it over to Bruce and hell give you some more color on the segments.
Bruce McDonald: Okay. Thanks Alex. So just starting on page -- on Slide 6, Ill go to Power Solutions first. You can see overall our sales in Power Solutions were up about 6%. If we were to sort of adjust for foreign exchange mainly the euro in lead, our underlying sales would have been up about 3%. In terms of unit production, and this is one of the reasons, we have a little bit of pressure in terms of our margins here. Overall shipments were up 3% and within that we saw OE volumes up 12% and aftermarket up 1%. So this -- we tend to be more profitable on the aftermarket side of our business and the fact that OE was up significantly and aftermarket was relatively constant here, did depress our margins little bit here in the quarter. Geographically, you can see the information here, North America or the America is overall 3%, our Asian business up 22% really reflecting the share gains that were making in the Chinese market and then the Europe market down. What you would sort of see within Europe was the OE side of our business, is up about 7% and the aftermarket part of our business was down about 5% to 6%. So again little bit of a negative mix shift in our European partner business. As Alex indicated, just wed have sort of look at our shipments by months, we started the quarter little bit soft in North America although our aftermarket volumes picked up significantly in December. We did see double-digit increases in some of our PLS data from our customers and so our order backlog going into the second quarter, North America is very strong. However, thats not fully but its largely offset by coming into the quarter with a pretty weak outlook in the aftermarket side in Europe due to the unseasonably warm weather. Just commenting on AGM and with this why we have note when I talk about the regional number that includes the AGM in there but -- but it stripped our AGM overall with up about 26% to about 1.6 million to 1.7 million units in a quarter. Look at the segment income here, come in at $308 million, up 12% from last year. Generally speaking, our results were favorably impacted by the higher unit shipments, which obviously helps our plant absorption. Were getting the benefits of in-house lead recycling versus last year, you recall were flanking up our forest smelter and thats now fully online. And we saw -- we continue to see very strong operational performance from the Power Solutions plant. Margins overall were up about 90 basis points. I would point out from the early within some of the early notes -- within Power Solutions in the quarter, we did have $19 million non-recurring gain in here associated with an increase in our equity position of an equity and joint venture in South America. We went from 40% ownership interest to 90% ownership interest. So that business became consolidated in the quarter and that resulted in a $19 million non-recurring gain. Turning to Building Efficiency, you can see sales are little bit soft here, down 4%. If you were to back out the impacts and divestitures that we made last year, particularly in Europe and foreign exchange, our sales were down about 2% on a year-over-year basis. If you look at things geographically, little bit of mix back here in North America, the residential and light commercial business or UPG, it is sometimes called, they are up double-digit 11%. Asia was up marginally about 1%. Our North America systems and services business overall were constant versus last year. Then where we saw the weakness on the other hand was in the Middle East where were down 30% -- 31%, Europe which was down 17% and then if you were to look at our global workplace solutions business, were down about 5% globally there. We talked a little bit about our backlog and Alex did comment to limit the quarter of $5 billion and again adjusting for FX and divestitures down about 1% year-over-year. So we start to climb back but still down year-over-year. On the positive side, we can see orders, we talk about being up 5% in the quarter and again kind of a mix by here in the Middle East, up 16%; North America was our biggest market, were up 11%. Europe, even though our revenue is soft in Europe, well start to see up orders. So Europe was up 3%. Asia was down 3% and the biggest area of softness is Latin America, it is down 17%. Segment income in BE at $146 million, was down 15% versus last year. We will need to adjust for couple of items. One is in the current quarter, we had about $20 million of non-recurring charges associated with curdling out some aged contracts and last year, if you would look within our GWS segment, you would have seen a $22 million benefit on a contract settlement in U.K. last year. So if you would have sort of equalized our year-over-year earnings with the gain that we recorded last year and the charge that we recorded this year, what youd see is our underlying earnings were up about 6% on the revenue decline, so got about 50 or 60 basis points of margin expansion on an underlying basis. In terms of Slide 8, our automotive experience, we clearly had an outstanding quarter here. Weve suffered through some long period here of difficult launch performances and some operational challenges, which youve seen over the last sort of second half of 2013. It's pretty strong year-over-year earnings momentum and that really gathered pace here in the first quarter where you can see our earnings are up more than double versus last year. Look at our revenues and we like to kind of look at revenues in light of production, but North America, we're up 11% versus the production being up about 5%. So 2X times the market. In Europe, we have 9% versus the industry at 2%. That really reflects the -- the European performance really reflects our backlog coming on stream. So we have a higher percentage of our business thats on newer platforms and if you look at our custom exposure, we tend to be underexposed to a couple of customers that are losing share. So we have a healthy customer mix versus the market right now. That's benefiting our topline. In China, and Alex touched on this in his comments but it is great momentum in our business here are reflecting ongoing share gains. Our overall revenues, which is primarily a non-consolidated joint ventures in the quarter was $1.9 billion, which is up about 33% against the 14% increase in passenger car production in the quarter. So terrific quarter in China and we see that momentum carrying through here into the second quarter. In terms of our segment income, it more than doubled to $232 millions, which is up 130%. It benefited clearly from higher volumes but the real story was the operational improvements that we saw in our metals business, our European business and I guess to a larger extent in South America. Most of our restructuring initiatives were geared towards automotive and generally speaking, we are in line with our plans and tracking losses with the benefits that we expect here in 2014. In terms of our margins in auto, at 4%, we are up 210 basis points with our seating business, which is the biggest piece here of margins that looks like 1% and a 190 basis points higher than last year. If you look at our geographic profitability, North America was about 5.7%, which is consistent with last year. Asia was up 150 basis points with 13.6% and Europe was nearly at a breakeven level and about a $97 million year-over-year improvement. So a terrific quarter for our automotive businesses really drove the bulk of favorable year-over-year performance level of the company. Lets get into the slide 9 and go through with some of the financial highlights. Maybe I will just expand a bit on Alex comment in terms of the impact of changing from a LIFO to FIFO in Power Solutions. So for the year and for the first quarter and the fourth quarter, the impact is negligible less than a $0.01 a share. But it does change our second and third quarter previously reported numbers. So for the second quarter of 2013, last year ex-items, we reported earnings of $0.42. When we would make the LIFO to FIFO adjustment that becomes $0.45. So the number when we report our second quarter earnings here that we are comparing to, it is $0.45 ex-items not $0.42. And conversely in the third quarter, last year we reported earnings per share of $0.78 with LIFO change reduces back to $0.74. I know thats out by about $0.01 but its all of the rounding and the full year impact is zero. So when we talk about our second and third quarter numbers on a go-forward basis, we are going to talk to those two adjustments. Turning to the first quarter, you can see our revenues that overall were up about 5%. If you take out the impact of the euro, which was positive and the yen which was negative for us then our underling growth was 4% excluding currency effects. We were pleased to see our gross profit improved by 70 basis points to 15.2%. We saw higher margins in all three of our businesses and that reflects the benefit of higher volumes and the cost reduction and initiatives associated with some of the manufacturing operations. In terms of SG&A, as a percentage of sales declined by 20 basis points to 9.9% from 10.1% last year. We continue to invest in some of our key growth initiatives and infrastructure in Asia, some IT systems implementation and R&D and advanced battery investment in particular. But despite that we were able to offset some of those increases with restructuring benefits. Our equity income line was up 33% to $113 million. What you will see in there basically is the $19 million non-recurring gain that we talked about earlier in Power Solutions and stronger profitability from the increased revenues in our automotive businesses in China. When I look at on our segment income here at 6.3%, very pleased to see a 100 basis point improvement in our underlying margins on a year-over-year basis. On slide 10, I will just comment on few line items here. In financing, we came in at $55 million, down about $6 million versus last year. And generally speaking, borrowing costs are around the same as last year, the benefits really flowing as a result of the just lower averaged debt levels in the quarter. Income tax rate of 20%, consistent with last year in our guidance. Income attributable to non-controlling interests up about $6 million versus last year, thats really just due to the higher level of profitability in some of our consolidated automotive joint ventures. And then lastly, if you look at our diluted earnings per share, it came in at $0.69 versus $0.52 last year, so up about 33%. We did get the benefit of our share buyback here, although the fact that it got completed kind of late in the quarter, our averaged share count was a little bit higher than the $670 million that we guided to in our Analyst Call here in the first quarter, but $670 million is probably good number for [Qs 2 to 4]. But we had about one set headwind associated with slightly higher share count here in the first quarter. Before I open it up for questions, I will just borrow a summary here. We were very pleased with the solid start to the year here. We had a couple of little bit near within our numbers with the one-time gain in Power Solution and that charges. And we have some contracts in BE but it was largely not out. So, I think -- if you look at the underlying $0.69, its a strong number. Looking at some of the momentum that we have, the way our businesses are performing and the traction that we are making on our restructuring programs, we feel pretty confident about our second quarter outlook here. And at the midpoint of our guidance here, we are talking about Q2 earnings growth of about 45%. I dont think we have anything to be apologizing. For us, its a pretty strong number. I dont think we are going to see a lot of companies out here with 35% earnings growth here in the first calendar quarter of 2014. After the first quarter in terms of our dividend, our buyback, in terms of divestiture activity, the Hitachi announcement and some of the work that we are starting to do with Interiors. And in terms of the full year, generally playing not as we expected, we are maintaining our guidance at $3.15 to $3.30. We commented about free cash flow for the year at being $1.6 billion and we think we are on track for that, even though we kept seeing our very large outflow here in the first quarter associated with some seasonal working capital factors and our buyback. We are going to work on getting our cash flow back to the number that we talked about here and we feel good about our margin expansion opportunities. So generally speaking, a very good start to the year and with that we will open it up for questions.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah, Toni, we are ready to take questions as soon as we can.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question came from the line of Mr. [Ryan Rickman]. Sir, your line now is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thank you. Could you talk about what is allowing you to make the market share gains in China that you arent ceding with non-consolidated revenues up 33% in the industry, maybe 18% or so? Is that because of just -- which auto markers you lever to that they are gaining share or are you gaining share within those automakers and kind of continue?
Alex Molinaroli: I will start that and Bruce, if you can add some more commentary to that. First off, I just think we are partnered with the right people and our partnerships with the local Chinese OEs and their partnerships happen to be with the right mix of customers, very similar to what you see in Europe. So were outperforming the market because we happen to have the right partners with the right products. And not to mention that they are gaining share themselves, meaning our venture partners. So its a little bit of both, were unfortunate to have the customer mix and we are gaining shares.
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. And I would, Brain, Ill maybe just add a couple of things. One is, we are seeing the benefit of our metals investment in China. So if you recall when we made the KEIPER and Hammerstein acquisitions, we -- one of the things we talked was the fact that we are significantly underrepresented metals in China and that business is now up and running and demonstrating strong growth. And the other sort of tailwind that we have is a lot of the Chinese own brand companies are putting more money to work in their interiors in an effort to compete with some of the European and North American brands. And so there, what we are seeing a little bit of the shift away from Chinese, independent Chinese-based suppliers in our ceiling business and to some extent interiors and thats shifting to western suppliers, so they can compete on into quality and power lift with the Western European and North America. So there is just kind of two factors in addition to what our factor that our customs are gaining share that I would point too.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Thanks. Maybe update on the performance of GWS, how that division did in 1Q relative to our expectations and relative to what you would need to see to either want to dispose off or retain that division?
Alex Molinaroli: (Inaudible)
Bruce McDonald: The question was about GWS performance for the first quarter relative to our expectation I think, right?
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah. And relative to what you would want to see to support your decision to either keep the division or dispose it, perhaps?
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. So, as youll recall the GWS is going through a transformation around its delivery mechanism. And I think that, unfortunately because we had year-on-year one-time issue, it doesn't really demonstrate the kind of progress theyre making. They are making good progress against their objectives. I don't know its going to -- its not going to get easier for us, theyve done of a lot change in a very short period of time. Our customers are not only acknowledging the changes but theyre helping us make these changes because it benefits both us and them. So at this point, I would say that theyre pretty much on track. But its early, weve only been in this for three or four months, so it's early, but I would say so far so good.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question came from the line of Mr. Ravi Shanker. Sir, your line now is open.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Alex Molinaroli: Hi, Ravi.
Bruce McDonald: Hi, Ravi.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley : Just the question on the Power Solutions business, I think, its an interesting trend that you are seeing the strength in North America with the weather being so severe, but its weakest in Europe. Anything in particularly we had to keep in mind from either capacity utilization or slices of business or mix thats going to cause that to be a net headwind or tailwind when you will have this?
Alex Molinaroli: Ill start, Bruce, then you can give more information. I -- in generally, just from my knowledge of that business. Our volumes overall are higher in North America, particularly in the aftermarket. So if we had to get cold weather in one region and warm weather in another region, it would be exactly how its happening here. So I think that the Europeans will have to make sure that they flex which is little tough in Europe, but in North America were going to see continue significant gains. So if I had to pick the weather pattern, I couldnt get cold everywhere, I pick it the way it with. Its more the tailwind than headwind I think.
Bruce McDonald: Yeah.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley : Understood. And also on the smelter capacity, is there any more tailwind or dry powder you have there on margins in term of just squeezing more capacity utilization out of these smelters?
Alex Molinaroli: You are speaking anymore upside on the margins, is that you said?
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley : Yeah. Just from that, yeah.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. I think, well, we can't speak to -- I cant give you that answer completely. I'm sure there's going to be incremental improvements. We are still -- were not starting up anymore but we are still, when you think about these plans. Theres still lots of efficiency to be gain. But nothing like this coming online new. I think one of the opportunities that we found is that, now that their extra capacities in the marketplace. Were seeing the secondary totalers come to us looking for longer term contracts and in a much different way than they did five years ago. So there might be some benefits that we see that are outside of their own totaling just from and what we purchase.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley : Got it. And just lastly, one housekeeping question for Bruce. Just want to confirm that your 2Q and your full year guidance include the electronics business and it gives us 670 share account?
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. Yeah. You are right. It does.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley : Thank you.
Alex Molinaroli: Thanks Ravi.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question came from the line of Mr. Rod Lache. Sir, your line now is open.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, everybody.
Alex Molinaroli: Hi, Rod.
Bruce McDonald: Hi, Rod.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank: Just a couple, it would be real helpful if you can help us understand some of the puts and takes in the Power Solutions margins year-over-year. You had a $13 million increase in earning extra gain? It -- I think the middle of last year, you implemented that 3% to 4% price increase in the U.S. which is maybe 45% of Power Solutions and applied to the aftermarket, which is the majority? I would have thought that that alone would have maybe been more than that $13 million gain, maybe closer to $20 million and you also are talking about the benefits of I think previously you said 50 basis points per year from smelters and obviously some width from AGM batteries, which were up really strong. So just can you help us spread out a little bit on what were seeing on the year-over-year basis?
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah.
Bruce McDonald: Weve could given the numbers so you are propping on net again.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. Yeah. Ill take that, Rod. I think, let me comment, in the kind of early notes there is a lot of, I feel a lot of questions about power and margins. And maybe let me just kind of give little bit extra step back. We -- if you look at our guidance that we gave for this year, we talked about Power Solutions margins being up 50 basis points for the year, roughly speaking. If you look at where we are here in the first quarter and Rod, if you take out the non-recurring gain then what you would see is margins are roughly comparable to where they were in the first quarter of last year. So weve got little bit of the headwind to get to our full year number here. Now a couple things I would just point out in the first quarter. One, we -- that I talked about in my comments was we did see mix being a relative negative here in Q1 with OE being up substantially, aftermarket being largely flat. We dont see that continuing for the balance of the year and so thats as we sort of get flex back to normal mix here that will be headwind for us. We also do have higher -- offsetting some of the price increase or some of the investments that were making out of business. So the price increases that we implemented which were generally positive. We put in place to offset higher lead totaling cost. Some of the increase costs that we have to incur to be compliant with some of the new emission standards. And look at our own business, we -- in the first quarter, we have some charges associated with implementing new IT system. And we continue ramp up our investment on a year-over-year basis in battery -- in advanced batteries. I would also point out that generally speaking, if you look at our incentive compensation cost that we started off last year in whole. And on the year-over-year basis, incentive compensation in battery is little bit higher. And then lastly, we talked about the South American joint venture that we consolidated. So last year in Q1, every quarter we had equity income. This year thats been necessarily consolidated. So you can think about our ownership right from 40% of that business to 90%. So last year, we had 40% of the profit and zero of the sales. This year, we have a 100% of the sales coming in than the corresponding profit. That business is a little bit dilutive to our margins but if you also factor in, the fact thats what we are essentially doing is picking up 100% of sales and only 60% of profit, its a little bit of a headwind. Now that was in our guidance but I think those are the main issues I would say in terms of Q1. But our full year outlook at 50 basis point increase is stuff that we are still comfortable.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So just to clarify, if we think about it in terms of dollar changes of your basis rather than margins, which obviously can get thrown off by the OE versus after mark. You are saying, basically at this point at least, the volume increases the pricing adjustments and that big increase in AGM was offset by investments and comp generally, is that right?
Alex Molinaroli:  More or less, more or less.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And are there some significant adjustments, as we look out in Q2 and Q3 when we think about the year-over-year comparison for this accounting change?
Alex Molinaroli:  Well, what you are going to see as a result of that accounting change is a quarter similar to this one in the Q2. So you will see -- now when you make this accounting change, but it also -- what it does for us is because the length of a FIFO is out of the equation. Now, we can, I would say more efficiently run our factories and kind of more level load them because enough to worry about the volatility associated with buying and lead raw materials and things like that. So we can be more efficient in Romania at our plants operations. But what we are seeing here us Q2 and Power Solutions will be comparable to last year. Well see a big benefit on the other end of the spectrum and see a much, much bigger improvement in Q3. And the seasonality that will show this year would be kind of the mid norm, so nothing exciting in terms of margins in power in Q2. You will see the benefit really in Q3 and Q4.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank: All right. And just lastly, seating revenue was up 10% than first quarter and your guidance for the year was up 1% to 2%. Are there some big program roll offs in the second half, or are the numbers in fact coming in better than you were expecting?
Alex Molinaroli: The number are coming in -- I didnt comment on our revenue. But I would tell you if you look at the first quarter here, probably 2% or 3% better like in aggregate than we saw with the bulk of that coming through in the auto space. So, I think if I was updating our revenue guidance, I would probably up auto and probably take a little bit off of BE at this point and for the company, we had a little bit of a tailwind here.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you.
Alex Molinaroli: Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question came from the line of Mr. Brian Johnson. Sir, your line now is open.
Brian Johnson - Barclays: Yes. Good morning. Couple of questions.
Alex Molinaroli: Hello, Brian.
Brian Johnson - Barclays: First, could you just maybe, Alex, walk us through the kind of sales new battery shipments cycles U.S. aftermarket, just so we get a feel when this battery replacement line, that actually is close to shipment. And the second is I just want to follow-up on the seating equity income and kind of various puts and takes there.
Alex Molinaroli: Okay. So, I will let Bruce handle second one. So in the battery business, especially in North America, we have liner side all way to the point of sale to our retail customers. So we are able to see what their point of sale is and then obviously what their order pattern is going to be got. As a rule of thumb, if we dont get a cold blast in December, if we dont get a good cold in December then we are probably going to get one restocking if that. If we get the kind of colds that we got here, we could get -- I never get a full turn but we are going to get the benefit of them of the retailers in particular having to stock more than once. So thats probably whats going to happen. Were going to see with little pushing out things like the lawn garden shipments, that will probably get pushed out little bit because the demand is going to push out much more than it was in the past, so we are going to have to restock at the end of the season. So, I would say that thats the rule of thumb and I cant give you the numbers, but I could tell you that its more of a normal pattern, at least normal prior to the last couple of years. Sales from some of those customers were up 15% to 20% and we are shipping some of those batteries today.
Brian Johnson - Barclays: And does the primary replenishment come for this kind of late January cold or January cold, would it come in your 2Q or in your 3Q?
Alex Molinaroli: It will come in Q2.
Brian Johnson - Barclays: Okay. And then on the equity income, when you back out the special gain, it looks like your equity income was $96 million, yet your commentary was very positive on China, which is primarily avoid income. Can you kind of educate us on the other puts and takes in the equity income line, or is it the case that China is going well but the equity income isn't quite keeping up? 
Alex Molinaroli: The equity -- theres a lot of investment there. What I would tell you, if you sort of look at AEs equity, lets just talk about our seating business first. What you would see is our equity income there is up about 25%, so a little bit diluted there. We do have -- and you would say it kind of wires that. I mean, theres a couple of larger joint ventures where weve got significant startup costs. As you know, theres a lot of new production coming on with Volkswagen and Audi and Ford and others in the western part of the country, so building new facilities there. So thats a little bit of a dilution for us. Interiors, our equity income was down couple million and more really just reflecting on customer mix. The other adverse thing I would point out is we did have equity income associated with this Power Solutions joint venture that went away. So when I said, we have $90 million gain. Last year, we had $2 million or $3 million of equity income. So, I guess the net year-over-year was about $16 million versus $19 million. So its really just investments that we are keeping that arent quite keeping up with that topline growth point grow, but I think we are pleased with where we stand, are we doing on some startup, some new startup JVs in there too as well.
Brian Johnson - Barclays:  Okay. It would be helpful if we could just get China equity income and seating broken out at some point.
Alex Molinaroli: Okay. Okay. We can follow-up with you on that, Brian.
Brian Johnson - Barclays: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question came from the line of Mr. Patrick Archambault. Your line now is open sir.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs: Yes. Thanks. Good morning.
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs: A couple of follow-ups from my end. Just kind of taking I think where Rod was going with his question, kind of more in aggregate for the whole company. If you look at what was done in fiscal Q1 and what's implied by the guidance for Q2, it does imply fairly backend loaded increase in margins in subsequent quarters. And I know some of that is seasonality. You did highlight kind of a mix benefit and some operational comps on the battery side. But maybe you can just help us understand how we kind of get up that backend loaded margin curve a little better?
Bruce McDonald: Well, I think, I'm not sure. I agree with you, but maybe -- let me try my best here. If you look at the guidance that we've given for this year, so we said 315 to 330, which played against about I think we end up last year 260 or something like that. So if you think about up sort of euro and you look at kind of Q1 were up 33% so were front-end loaded on that one in Q2, up 45%. So the back -- the earning -- the year-over-year earnings growth that we have in the second half is lower than the first half. So I would say that the -- our earnings growth is front-end loaded not backend loaded. Having said that, if you look at our seasonality of the company, really because of Building Efficiency what you tend to see it, who earns about 65% to 70% of profit in the last couple of quarters, that's really what drives the year-over-year improvement. But maybe only other thing I could -- I would point to is if just look at Q1 and you said we'll take out the impact in December shutdown or lets say the December shutdown in Auto, that's probably worth $0.05 a share in the current quarter. So I think I feel pretty good about our phasing here and maybe I'm just missing your question, Patrick.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs: Yeah, it was more reflective of margins rather than just absolute EPS level.
Alex Molinaroli: Okay. Okay.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs: And if you just go through the segment, it does imply, I think pretty much across. Unless, I'm missing something I think it does imply the margin increase sequentially. I think you just sort of explain the seasonality of Building Efficiency.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs: And then, I guess automotive to your point I guess is sort of has the shutdown. And then I suppose maybe its -- those are two items, right. The mix, the benefit in batteries and in some of the operation cost that you explain maybe that's the rest of it I suppose?
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. And I guess maybe I dont think when the one point out would be that we're going to ask only thing, benefit from the restructuring activity.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. I would say that's probably, if you look at the pattern, the pattern is the same. If we make we make in first quarter guidance and we make the numbers that the guidance that weve given you for the second quarter. Is that itself for the right pattern if you look at our historical patterns. One difference this year that will give us more margin is our cost basis is dropping because of the restructuring.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs: Got it, okay. That's helpful. And then kind of another follow-up, I mean I know this was addressed at your Analyst Day, but kind of the general. I just have to think the flat top line guidance right for sort of the longer term that you guys provided for the seating. It seems conservative right especially given what you're seeing now. I mean you've got kind of cyclical recovery in Europe thats starting China has strong momentum. It sounds like your customer exposure is favorable and then there is maybe the backlog is the key question. So maybe we could just revisit that a little bit just given the strength of that business unit this quarter?
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. Let me start and Bruce can give in the backlog information. I think one another things that you have to recall and go back and look into your notes is what assumptions that we put in for the automotive business and what assumptions for Europe and North America. We probably didn't talk because its not top line so much about the China assumption or at least it's not a part of the top line conversation. I think what we saw in the first quarter, you could tell about our comments we were surprise as how strong it was everywhere. I personally don't believe that Europe is going to continue at that kind of strength. I think it's going to bump along, but I don't -- we're not predicting that it's going to continue to grow. We hope it does. But I think what you -- if you say conservative -- being conservative, I hope we were, but it was based on the assumptions that we gave you. And I would say that our ongoing backlog is going to become flatter, because we are going to not -- we are not going to invest the same -- at the same level we did in past. So you should see our margin improve which you actually see the kind of the growth that we saw in the past, because we're not going to make those investments. That's going forward. Bruce, Im going to get something to add to that.
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. I think whether than -- or if I just look at our -- look at the guidance that we gave for 2014 in particular. We said North America we have 6% for the year, about 5%. We said -- we saw Europe will grow 2% for the year, its up 2. China we said -- we saw it will be up 11 and that was up 14. So generally speaking I think were generally above, clearly getting some -- we are getting some lift from our customer mix about those better than expected Patrick. And we are continuing to see clinically in Europe not that luxury car segment doing better than we thought. And so I just -- that would be hard for us to say I don't see, I think those things may not continue. So like I said to one of the early question, we probably have some revenue upside in Auto when I look at things in aggregate here. On the other hand, I would say BE revenue is probably little bit weaker than we thought. But in aggregate, we probably got some revenue upside here in the balance of the year. That -- I'm not back away from that.
Glen Ponczak: Brett, its Glen here. I think you're looking at through 2018 number being sort of flattish top line, remember most of our growth of the China and those sales are not consolidated.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs: Right. 
Bruce McDonald: So, it's really more a comment on, to Alexs point earlier, about the level of investment in North America and Europe, I think, what theyve been used to be. Then the growth in China being pretty good but you're not going to see it consolidated sales line.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks a lot guys. That's really helpful.
Alex Molinaroli: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question came from the line of Mr. Italy Michaeli. Your line is now open.
Italy Michaeli - Citigroup: Good morning.
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning.
Italy Michaeli - Citigroup: Just wanted to drill down on cash flow little bit. Bruce, you talked about the working capital headwind. Looks like most of it or all of it really came from accounts payable and accrued liability. Hoping you could drill down a bit more into the detail there. Then typically historically you've always also been cash flow negative in Q2 of the year without -- should we expect the same this year or perhaps given the extent of the burn in Q1 -- Q2 actually turn positive for you?
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. Maybe I just give a little bit of some comments on the working capital. So you're right. We typically do have an outflow in Q1. Although, this was higher than in the previous year and a little bit of a disappointment actually coming out of the blocks here. So just look at where we finish the quarter, we had an outflow about $945 million, thats about 700 million higher than last year. And I want to tell you, really look at the main items in there and kind of point to four things. One is timing of tax payments. So we probably worth about $300 million, a lot of tax planning and payments and sort of things delayed refunds on VAT and things like that, I see that all coming back, $300 million. And we do have, our fair share of some customers with December 31st year end, where I would say our, we did not get a payment in on by December 31st. We got in the first week of December. I would say in aggregate and that typically happens to us but in aggregate thats probably about $100 million higher than the last year. Inventory for us here in Q1 was we kind of made a decision because of the clear weather that we are seeing in power to -- you saw continued over, I would say, overproduced, so even though we really good shipments out, we have $100 million more inventory than we have in the past in Power Solutions. And then, 2013, if you look at just the payments that we had associate with sales incentives and balances and things like that about $150 million higher outflow in Q1 than the prior year and again that will be, thats all timely. So when I kind of go through all those items largely and this is pretty good about it being time and regulator, our full year guidance when we talk about being about $1.6 billion of free cash flow, we were forecasting a full year outflows of $200 million to $300 million. So my expectation here is in the second quarter some of these timing things will start to unwind and I think what you will see better cash performance in the second quarter than we had in the past.
Italy Michaeli - Citigroup: Perfect. Thanks so much for that detail, Bruce. Thats all I have. Thanks.
Alex Molinaroli: Thanks.
Bruce McDonald: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question came from the line of Mr. [Brett Coperson]. Your line now is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Good afternoon, Alex. Good morning, Bruce and Glen.
Bruce McDonald: Good morning, Brett.
Alex Molinaroli: Hi.
Unidentified Analyst: I wanted to start off the automotive business and Bruce, I was hoping you could just give us a sense of the margins by geography, maybe on a year-over-year basis, I know in slide eight you kind of gave us a flavor for it. I was hoping and in the past, you've kind of talked a little bit about your margins were in Europe last year versus this year and so on and so forth? And obviously, it would be great if you could maybe adjust for some of the divestitures that you've made?
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. Well, it would be, if I was, but if you just look back the old segment, here is what the answer would be. So North America last year 5.7, this year 5.7 flat, thats where you will see the impact of HomeLink heading us, only and it has a little bit of impact in the Europe, but generally speaking most of the dilutive impact of the HomeLink sale would have depressed North American margins and if I was sort of running that off to top of my head, I would say thats probably 80 to 100 basis points. And Europe last year, I dont have the margin on this I know last year we lost $105 million. In Q1, this year our lost is, which mainly associated with the shutdown. So in Europe overall we lost $8 million, so that we touch about $97 million improvement. And in Asia, we are at 12.1% last year, 150 basis points to 13.6% this year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Alex Molinaroli: Thats kind of an old segment, new segment basis.
Unidentified Analyst: And then as you kind of think about that margin progression through the remainder of the year, I mean your automotive is around 4%, your guidance is like around 4% to 4.2%, it kind of changes adjusted to margins, its going to be roughly pass through the remainder of the year?
Bruce McDonald: While we talked about the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year for Auto in aggregate was 70 to 90 basis point improvement with seating being up somewhere between 100 and 120. Weve been -- in terms of -- let's forget about electronics because thats where the HomeLink in and out, it is kind of really confusion. But lets say, if you looked at our interiors business, we talked about that business going from a minus 0.3 last year to a range of 1% to 1.2%. Interiors had a great quarter. Thats the probably the business thats furthest along in terms of the restructuring because we sort of started at earliest. And so we probably had some upside in terms of our interiors profit. But I think where we see seating come in that quarter 4.8% to 5%, number was -- I think we feel pretty good about that. If you would have probably take our Q1 number, just trying to think what I talked of both seating here. With 4.1 in the fourth quarter, we still had some -- obviously some loan figure on our medals improvement, I mean we are in the big year. We have improved. We got a lot of opportunity of, say, in the future quarters here.
Unidentified Analyst: And then switching gears to Power, over the past year or two, we have been talking about little bit weaker aftermarket demand, the winter cold snap here potentially driving little bit higher demand but if you kind of reflect back on the potential impact of maybe strengthening demand in the aftermarket battery business and Power Solutions business, how do we think about that from a revenue standpoint, in other words, is -- does normalized demand drive $10 million of incremental revenue in that segment or is it more like $100 million of incremental revenue, I mean, what kind of order of magnitude would you characterize that as?
Alex Molinaroli: Hello. This is Alex. Id be afraid to give you that number because some time we can take a look at and give you -- I just dont. I -- most of you know on top of the head, Bruce and I was pretty close to it. I just -- I dont have that number.
Bruce McDonald: No. I dont have that one.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then finally just on the share repurchase standpoint, $3.6 billion over three years, you did $1.2 billion in the first quarter. How do we think about the pace of share repurchase going forward?
Alex Molinaroli: We are going to only do a $1.2 billion this year. So we decided and I think I may have talked about this when we had our November call. But we really think we decided it because it was quite a departure in terms of our past that we would front-end load. I would suggest that we should not do it sort of equally through the year but get out and have it back stronger here and do it all in Q1. We have not decided yet or even talked about as we get into the F15, 16. We can always combine on Q1. We are going to spread it out. We dont have any answer for that yet. But I think the main thing is we are -- we did want to maintain some flexibility to look at M&A at some point in time here. For now, the $1.2 billion that weve done here in Q1 is all that we are planning on doing for this year.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks very much. Perfect.
Bruce McDonald: Thanks, Brett, I think we are out of time. Operator, I will be around for the balance of the day, certainly meeting tomorrow to answer any questions I didnt get answer out. So any final signoff from Davos?
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. Just going to give you a couple -- I'm incredibly proud. As I said early on about what our teams accomplished. And we talk an awful lot here about whats going to happen next quarter, some of the bridges from the first quarter and how conservative we are for the full year. I hope as we continue to go -- continue to ask questions about how we are changing the company, changing the portfolio of the company, profile of the company and how we are going to run the company. And I hope we continue to have that conversation because we made substantial progress in a very short period of time of getting some momentum and getting our team aligned. So, I just want to thank all of our employees. They are working extremely hard between restructuring to operational improvements and some of the changes that we are trying to make as far as how we operate and run the company. Its a lot of change, very fast and they are responding well. So thanks to the employees and I appreciate all the good questions.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-10-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Ponczak - Vice President, Investor Relations Alex Molinaroli - President and Chief Executive Officer Bruce McDonald - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Brian Johnson - Barclays John Murphy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Colin Langan - UBS Matt Stover - Guggenheim David Leiker - Baird Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Glen Ponczak. You may begin.
Glen Ponczak: Well, good morning, everybody. And thank you for joining us. Before we get started, I would like to remind you of our forward-looking statements that the company will make statements in this presentation that are forward-looking and therefore are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements in this presentation other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this document, statements regarding future financial position, sales, costs, earnings, cash flows, other measures of results of operations, capital expenditures or debt levels and plans, objectives, outlook, targets, guidance and goals are forward-looking statements. Words such as may, will, expects, intend, estimate, anticipate, believe, should, forecast, project or plan, or terms of similar meaning are also generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Johnson Controls cautions that these statements are subject to numerous important risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, some of which are beyond the company's control that could cause Johnson Controls' actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include the strength of the U.S. or other economies, automotive production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, availability of raw materials and component products, currency exchange rates, and cancellations of or changes to commercial contracts, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part I of Johnson Controls' most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2012, and Johnson Controls' subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Shareholders, potential investors and others should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements and should not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements included in today's presentation are made only as of the date of this presentation, and Johnson Controls assumes no obligation, and disclaims any obligation, to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after today. Once we get started here with Alex Molinaroli, our freshly minted CEO. He will give an overview of the quarter and a little bit about as we move into 2014. He is followed by Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will give more in-depth review of the business results as well as an overall financial review. After that, time for questions and answers, and we will end promptly at the top of the hour. And with that, I turn it over to Alex.
Alex Molinaroli: Good morning, everyone. We were just commenting before we started that this is very strange, not seeing Steve Roell here. He's been doing these calls for as long as there have been calls. So we're going to try to fly without him today. And we'll have some comments about him in a few minutes. So I'm pleased to announce that we had record sales and earnings in essence, and despite all the mixed economic news around the world, and I'm pretty proud of what the team has accomplished. The North American automotive production was more positive than we thought. And the production rates for our 2013 have almost recovered to our pre-recessionary levels. The European production level was lower than prior year, but it seem to end less bad than what we though in for the third and fourth quarter. So we're hoping that means it's stabilizing. That stabilization in the second half helped us make good progress in improving our operational efficiencies and also made a lot of progress in synergy of our metals organization. We lost $200 million in Europe in the first half of the year and we had a profit in the second half. So that's a great accomplishment. The China auto production remain strong, it's upper-single digits. And in our case, we grew 20% and we did have a strong backlog. So we are gaining share in a growing market. A small component of our Building Efficiency business, the growth in the residential HVAC market was upper-single digits. And if you recall, that's a business that we focused on over the past few years, we've restructured. And even though we still are not at pre-recessionary rates, we are now generating record EBIT in that business. The commercial HVAC markets remained a real challenge in 2013. Europe continues to be depressed. And North America, our vertical markets, particularly impacted in the institutional market, the federal government and healthcare. And we're hopeful as things get sorted out beyond budgets and sequestration, the Affordable Care Act and what that's going to imply, that this will bounce back over time. And lastly in the aftermarket for the battery business, it's still slow in North America. And it's a combination, we talked about weather with fewer miles driven, fewer vehicles on the road, but we do expect over time that that will pick back up, but we were able to overcome that in the quarter. You go to the next slide, I'd like to highlight a few things for about our fourth quarter. We had higher revenues in all of our businesses and we were sure that was going to happen as went into the quarter. And in particular, I'd like to point out that BE had 2% growth in their topline. That's the first time since the second quarter of our fiscal 2012. Both automotive and Power Solutions revenues increased 9%. And more importantly we had great profitability improvements. 410 basis points in Power Solutions. The Automotive Experience margins increased a 110 basis points. And the Building Efficiency margins increase 60 basis points. I think for this quarter indicates that our cost control and our productivity improvement measures are starting to gain some real traction. And Bruce will go through these results in a greater detail in his section. Lastly, in the quarter we did complete the sale of HomeLink and we're still in the process of selling the remaining electronics business. And we believe we'll have news here by the end of the calendar year. Let's talk about entering 2014. I think that our view is the markets are, we like it to be stronger, but we believe that they are stabilizing, both in the automotive market and the building's market. Unfortunately, we don't see a strong demand increase, but I think a lot of challenging markets have troughed, as we talked about Europe earlier, and hopefully the commercial HVAC market will start to rebound at some point. We are almost at pre-recession automotive production levels in North America. And we do think that European production will improve slightly in 2014, but the restructuring that we've done at this point should bode well. China is expected to grow again, in 2014, and we have a great backlog and we should outpace the market again. Continuing this trend of what we saw through 2013, I think started in 2012, our team has been working hard at our cost discipline, our pricing initiatives and our productivity improvements, and I believe we're going to continue to see results from that. We do expect, however, we're going to spend less on capital expenditures in 2014, and we should be in a position where we generate greater cash flow. I will talk a little bit more about our capital spending at our December Analyst Meeting. As you know, we continue to restructure our business, to both improve our productivity, profitability and our efficiency. Much of that activity is focused on Europe, a lot of it on automotive, and we expect these initiatives to continue delivering the benefits in the months ahead. We continue to invest in the markets that have the best growth opportunities, particularly China in all three of our businesses. And I'll talk about, over the last few months, we are being more active on our portfolio. Lessening our dependents in the long run on the auto sector and moving more toward multi-industry model. This morning we announced we're exploring strategic options for our automotive interiors business. As you know, this business makes door panels, instrument panels and other interior components and had sales of $4.2 billion in 2013. And we hope to have more to talk about at the Analyst Day. We're not going to talk about our timetable at this point or comment on our specific plans, but we want to make sure that we acknowledge that. Lastly, before I turn it over to Bruce, I'd like to thank Steve Roell. 31 years of service. And I think all of us that know Steve and I know the folks on the phone, who know Steve for a long, long time, really appreciate his leadership and not only is he a fine leader, he is a fine person. I personally account Steve as my boss, my mentor and now my friend. And I hope that his retirement is as productive as his working career. He joined us in '82. He was the Chief Financial Officer in '91; Executive VP in 2004; Vice Chairman in 2005; and became our CEO in 2007. At the end of this calendar year on January 1, he will retire from the company. He remains as our Chairman until the end of the calendar year. So I just want to make sure, and I hope, I would imagine Steve might be listening that we acknowledge his contributions. Bruce?
Bruce McDonald: Thanks, Alex. And I too would like to add my best wishes to Steve. And I wish him a long and healthy retirement. I'm excited this morning really to talk about our fourth quarter business and financial results. We're extremely pleased with how we came in here for the fourth quarter. And we think we've got terrific momentum, as we go into 2014. So with our Power Solutions business on Slide 7. Here you can see our revenues were up about 9%. If you adjust out for foreign exchange and the impact of lead, our underlying sales were up about 11%. If you look at a little bit more granularly, OE volumes were up 15% in the quarter, aftermarket volumes were up 2%. You can see geographically, we talk about the unit shipments being up 5%, with 1% growth in the Americas, 11% growth in Asia and 12% growth in Europe. And I think that growth in Europe of 12%, particularly noteworthy, given the depressed market conditions there. And this really reflects the share gains that we're seeing from the European Power Solutions team. Also we've highlighted here, if you look at the high-margin AGM sales, they were up 33% in the quarter. In terms of our segment income, we had a very strong quarter. Here you see segment income of $330 million, was up 38% from last year. The results, generally speaking, were favorably impacted by the higher unit shipments, the ongoing benefits associated with in-house lead recycling, strong operational performance and the impact some of our pricing initiatives that we talked about on previous calls. I'd also point out, if you recall last year, our results were negatively impacted by both a high core collection cost, as we had to bring in additional inventory to ramp up and to start up the Florence, South Carolina smelter. So the year-over-year improvement is definitely flattered by the fact that we had some high start up costs in the previous year's quarter. Our margins at 19.4% were up 410 basis points, as Alex noted. And I've seen in some of the earlier notes that have come at this morning, sort of questions about the sustainability of Power Solutions margins. I guess, I'll just remind the analyst community that Q1 and Q4 tend to be our strongest quarters in terms of Power Solutions' production and shipments. And the type of margins that we're seeing here in the fourth quarter, I don't think are atypical. So this was a normative level of margins that we should be delivering in our fourth quarter, when our operations are firing on all cylinders. One other thing I'd like to point out here in the fourth quarter is we changed our inventory valuation methodology from LIFO to FIFO. And as you know, we've had a LIFO inventory methodology for a long time in Power Solutions and that's tended to make our quarterly earnings highly volatile, particularly in times when lead prices were moving around and we were building or drawing down our inventories. So the impact of that from a U.S. GAAP point of view for the year was immaterial and same thing in the fourth quarter, but it will, when we restate our numbers, according to U.S. GAAP, change our Q2 and Q3 earnings up and down by $0.02 or $0.03, they net out to zero. When we issue our Form 10-K we'll provide the impact of this for our previous periods. But sort of the key takeaway here is we've radically simplified the way we account for inventory in Power Solutions. We're taking away the volatility that introduces to our quarterly earnings and it did not have a material impact on either the full year or the fourth quarter earnings for Power Solutions. Turning to Building Efficiency. As Alex mentioned in his comments, we returned to growth. Since the first time this year we saw topline growth of 2%. That's despite the sort of weakness that we continue to experience in the institutional and some of the new construction markets. If you look at our revenue growth by business segment. Our service business, we saw a 12% growth, in Asia 6%. Our unitary products group, where we have our residential and light commercial, is up 13%; and those where partially offset by the Middle-East, which is down 7%, which is primarily the timing of large orders; and a small reduction in Global WorkPlace Solutions and Europe of 3% and 2% respectively. In terms of our order intake, we were up about 2% for the quarter here, so roughly in line with where we were at the third quarter. We did have a few large solutions contracts that we had hoped we would walk here in the fourth quarter. We expect those will slip in the first half of the year. It's very large orders that we're excited to be close to finalizing here. Looking at our order intake geographically, we are up 5% in Europe, Asia and North America. Latin America and Middle-East though were down double digit. Our backlog of unexecuted work at the end of the year, if you adjust for foreign exchange and the impact of divestitures, our underlying backlog was down 5%. And here we basically saw the impact of higher order intake in systems North America and energy solution offset by softness in the Middle-East and Asia. Continuing the trend from previous quarters, our segment income was up more than revenue and we further expanded our margin. So you can see segment income of $357 million, was up 9% versus last year. Our margins were up 60 basis points to 9.2%. We saw a pretty good margin expansion in North America service, Global WorkPlace Solutions, Asia, Latin America and then our unitary products group. And then the last thing I would just point out, as you recall earlier in this year, we implemented a business improvement program specifically in our Global WorkPlace Solutions business, and we're pleased to see that we're gaining good momentum from this initiative. And as we noted here on the slide, you'll see that our full year margins nearly doubled to 2.3% in the quarter. Turning to Automotive Experience. A real nice quarter the team delivered here. Sales were up 9%. If you look at that by our product areas, you'll see seating was up about same 9%, interiors was up 8% and electronics was up about 13%. If you look at it on a geographic basis to sort of put our revenue performance and the perspective against the industry, North America we were up 14%, against the 5% improvement in production; in Europe we were up 10%, with production being down 1%; and in China, and I'm counting here all of our sales, which are primarily non-consolidated joint ventures, our revenues were up about 20% and that compares to passenger car production being up about 6%, so again, all three major geographies for us, substantial revenue out performance versus the underlying production environment. In terms of our profitability, real pleased to see a huge jump of 47% in the quarter, so segment income for automotive came in at $233 million. Generally speaking, we benefited from higher revenues and the operational performance that we saw in our metals business in South America and in our European businesses across all three product lines. I would note that if you look at our segment income by product line in the quarter, our automotive electronics margins were down on a year-over-year basis and that really by about 260 basis points. That's generally in line with our plan and reflects the higher level of investment that we're making in our infotainment heads-up technology and things like that. So I think the margin erosion that some of the analysts had in their model, I think it was largely as a result of the increased level of investment that we're making in our automotive electronics business. In terms of the overall margins, up 4.3% or 110 basis point higher than last year. Turning to the financials now on Slide 10. And as we talked about in our press release, we did have a number of non-operational one-time items that resulted in a net charge of $0.80 this quarter and we had similarly large charges in this corresponding quarter of 2012, but maybe just to sort of put those in perspective, we had a net gain on the sale of two businesses, that's primarily our HomeLink product line that we sold to Gentex. We had some additional restructuring charges that Alex referred to, primarily targeted our European operations in both automotive and Building Efficiency. We had a non-cash mark-to-market gain associated with our pension and retiree medical benefits and our pension settlement gain. Last year those were significant losses and that turnaround was really as a result of good asset performance this year and an increase in the discount rate. And then we have some non-cash charges related to valuation allowance provisions on the tax line and a book charge related to repatriation of foreign earnings associated with our electronic business. We're bringing that cash back to the U.S. We have a book charge. The net cash tax impact of the divestures is about $50 million, so there is a big discrepancy between book and accounting tax provision and the cash tax provision on the HomeLink divestiture. As we go through the financials, I'm going to exclude the impact of these items from our discussion. So if we just look at our revenues, you can see we're up about 6% to $11 billion. We're real pleased to see solid improvement in our margins at 17.4%. We're up about 180 basis points on a year-over-year basis and we saw a good margin expansion in all three of our businesses. In terms of SG&A, you can see where our SG&A as a percentage of sales ticked up here in the quarter. What you really see in there is higher levels of employee-related costs, and some higher than year-over-year litigation costs in the fourth quarter. Those aren't a trend. I would just say those are timing-related. Equity income, you can see a big improvement up to $94 million here. That year-over-year improvement really reflects improved profitability of our automotive joint ventures in Asia. And then if you look at the segment income margin on a company level, we're up a 130 basis points to 8.3% versus last year's 7%. Turning to Slide 11. Just a little bit more information on the financials here, our financing cost of $54 million, were down $8 million versus last year, not really reflects just lower levels of average debt. I mean, our debt levels came down very nicely here in the second half of the year and that's what gives us the tailwind on our net financing cost. From a tax point of view, our underlying rate was 20% exactly in line with our guidance, although it was up from 16.3% last year. And then income from that non-controlling interest was a charge of $36 million in the quarter versus $29 million last year. That's really attributable to the higher profitability of some of our consolidated automotive joint ventures. And lastly, looking at diluted earnings per share coming in at $0.95, which is a 23% year-over-year improvement. I'd like you to spend a minute on the balance sheet and our cash flow performance here on the Slide 12. If you look at our cash from operating activities in the quarter, it was a great quarter. $1 billion of net operating cash flow; our strong operating cash flow combined with the HomeLink proceeds enabled us to reduce our net debt in the quarter by $1.2 billion. If you look at where we ended the year, our net debt-to-total capitalization was about 26.5%, which is about a 510 basis point improvement in the quarter. So I just feel really good in terms of how our borrowing and our leverage metrics ended up here at the end of the year. In terms of trade working capital, we had a great performance here in 2013, on a year-over-year basis. If you look at our trade working capital, which we define as inventory accounts payable and accounts receivable, it declined by about 70 basis points this year, at about 6% of sales. CapEx, generally speaking, came in line with our expectations. And lastly, in terms of our pension and post-retirement obligation, I just noted in here our net unfunded liability at the end of this year was about $600 million, which was down from $1.2 billion last year. So our plans are extremely robustly funded and we do not anticipate making any significant payments to our plan for the foreseeable future. And lastly, I would just comment on our strategy to de-risk our balance sheet. We did complete the buyout of a portion of our U.S. term vested here in the fourth quarter. That was worth about a payout of about $450 million. And then lastly, if I just comment on our expectations looking forward here, by almost every measure I think Q4 was a strong quarter for the company. We have great momentum, as we enter into 2014 and we're highly confident in the improvement actions that the business has continued to deliver here. So we expect to see ongoing sequential improvement in Automotive Experience and that's in the areas that we've talked about quarter-after-quarter here on metals business, South America and Europe. Building Efficiency, we do expect to see continued, albeit slow topline growth and ongoing margin expansion for 2014. GWS were excited about the beginning results that we're seeing from the business transformation initiative, and there'll be more to come next year. We see strong year-over-year improvements continuing in Power Solution and our restructuring initiatives were adding to them and they are generally delivering the financial results that we expected. If we look at Q1, we expect EPS growth of about 30%. If you take out the impact of the HomeLink divestiture and that's worth about $0.02 a quarter, roughly speaking. Our underlying Q1 EPS growth here was up about 35%. And lastly, as you'll note on the slide, we do talk about holding our Annual Analyst Meeting at Stage 37 in Midtown New York on December 18, and that's the meeting where we're really going to present a little bit more clarity around our business strategy, some of our thoughts on the portfolio and provide full year financial guidance and a lot more information on our underlying assumptions. And with that, Glen, I'll turn it back to you, and we'll open up for Q&A.
Glen Ponczak: Great. Thanks, Bruce; thank, Alex. Operator, we're ready to take question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question is from Brian Johnson with Barclays.
Brian Johnson - Barclays: Just want to follow up on the battery point, because at least I was one of those who wondered if 19% is what we can start looking forward to 1Q's and 4Q's. So a couple of things. One, to what extent did you benefit from any, it doesn't look like you benefited from any seasonal restocking after two warm winters in a row in Americas. How are you kind of looking for this upcoming winter and how do orders look going into the winter?
Alex Molinaroli: So our team does some modeling, and they don't actually expect, unless there is some weather event that we're going to see a tremendous uptick in sales, that that we do believe that will come, but unless we get some event, we're not seeing anybody anticipate those orders. What you really saw in the fourth quarter and what we expect to continue in the first quarter is the strength in Europe, I mean which is really unbelievable. Bruce mentioned that, that you look at such a down market, we've been able to grow our share there and of course that's also where we have our AGM batteries and we get replacement for those too. So I think the numbers that we're talking about, they will be representative, but I don't think that we built anything on our plan to have extraordinary sales for the year.
Brian Johnson - Barclays: And as you kind of think of that 410 basis points, you sort of back out, maybe it sounds like 70 basis points or so for the core cost last year. How would you roughly divide the rest of it between higher margin AGM business, recycling facility actually coming online and reducing your run rate, pricing increases and other factors?
Alex Molinaroli: I don't know that I can give you a number, but there is not one single thing that would be the overriding factor, because all those things are beneficial. Our pricing initiative, a lot of that has to do with getting our commercial terms to stick with the OEs. And that's something that we trace all year, we were able to get that recovery and that will help us going forward. The AGM business, I think you understand that 33%, you'd probably come up with some modeling and what that impact is. But we also are starting to see a more consistent benefit from our totaling arrangements, our in-house totaling. So I think that we're seeing some consistencies, but we're seeing more than anything else.
Bruce McDonald: Brian, I would probably block it in a little bit more around. I mean if you recall last Q4, we were pretty disappointed with our margins in power last year. And we talked about the startup cost of the smelter and the hit that we took buying inventory in the open market to start that facility. So I would say, if you look at the rough, on a year-over-year base we're up about $90 million. I would say probably $30 million to $35 million of that delta. It would be the cost that we'd incurred last year that weren't there this year. So I'd say it's more a like a third of it.
Brian Johnson - Barclays Capital: And final question. Can you quantify what benefit, if any the LIFO to FIFO change had or is that just perspective in fiscal [indiscernible] actually? And did that have an impact at all?
Bruce McDonald: When we'll get some more information out on this when we sort of finalize things, but generally speaking it's immaterial in Q1 and Q4 of this year. I'd believe in Q2, it's an income item and Q3 it's a charge and those are $0.02 or $0.03. But when you sort of take the full year impact it's less than a penny.
Operator: And the next question is from John Murphy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John Murphy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Maybe just to follow up on the battery question. AGM obviously outperformed in the quarter for you and it looked like it was great. Just curious, if you could tell us what percentage of your total units or revenue or AGM at this point and maybe remind us generally what the delta is in the margins between AGM and your regular lead acid batteries?
Bruce McDonald: If you look at on our full year basis, our unit sales is about a $135 million and the AGM is like 5% of that.
John Murphy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And the profitability roughly, two times, three times?
Bruce McDonald: Well, we've said it's like two to three time for the margin.
Alex Molinaroli: Margins are like 50% higher roughly, I mean, very generally speaking.
Bruce McDonald: That's not right, so net impact of 50%.
John Murphy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Then a second question. Alex, you seem to be going through a portfolio review here, which seems very rational given your new position. As you look at the interior business, which is coming on your radar screen, is that a business that you necessarily need to have alongside the seating business in your view? Or really could that be something that would be really separated from the run seating on a standalone basis? And then also just a question on the interiors business as well, I mean there is some antitrust stuff for some investigations going on in Europe around some price-fixing or something that is not actually completely clear get. So I was just curious if you have seen any of that as well in the interiors business?
Alex Molinaroli: We're not impacted by any of that investigation in our interiors business. I think that what we found when we split the seating business from the interiors business for that very reason is we learn how much they are interconnected. I think that they are only interconnected by convenience not interconnected commercial convenience, not by any other reasons. Whether we divesture that business or do something else with it, I don't think it's going to be harmed or harmful to our seating business.
Bruce McDonald: I would just maybe add to that, John. If you sort of go back in time and you look at the portfolio that we have in automotive today, interiors, electronics and seating, it was really put together with a view that what we're going to see was our customers source complete interiors. And as we've talked about on previous calls, that the sourcing pattern is now much more at the component level, and not at all customers, but the total interior sourcing just has not materialized by enlarge and so they need to have those three product lines, it doesn't exist anymore.
Alex Molinaroli: And Bruce's point is very valid. If you think about from a customer standpoint that might have made sense for a total interiors, but the amount of complexity for a supplier to have all those products is incredibly complex.
John Murphy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then just lastly, Bruce, I mean you guys are net debt to cap of 26.5%, balance sheet is in great shape. I mean what are your general targets or rules of thumb of where you want the balance sheet to be or go? And maybe, Alex, you have some different views on this or than maybe in the past as well. But just curious if there is any update there or changes or where you think you stand and where you want to be as far as capitalization?
Bruce McDonald: Well, I'll comment first and then we'll see if Alex agrees. For us the thing that's important for us to maintain, investment-grade balance sheet. And so I would say we will feel uncomfortable going below BBB plus, just because in the event of a shock to the system like we saw in all '08 and '09, we want to be comfortable in that investment-grade rating, so that we can weather the storm here. But having said that we're probably seven to 10 points below where I would say it's ideal from a optimal capital structure. And that's where we are right now.
Alex Molinaroli: So I think we'll talk more about that in December, but we've talked about the fact that we are looking not only our capital structure, but looking across capital allocation in a very broad way. So we'll have much more to talk about in December.
Operator: And next question is from Patrick Archambault with Goldman Sachs.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs: I guess my main ones are on Building Efficiency. I guess the first one would be the backlog, which was down 5%. How much of that was due to some of the disruption from the government shutdown? I take it that added probably quite a bit of uncertainty. And maybe kind of tying to that question, sort of what's the prospect for that just given, what you're seeing in the order book for that to swing positively? And I have a follow-up as well.
Bruce McDonald: It would be nice to blame all this on what happened in event. I think that uncertainty does not help these types of investments. And there has been uncertainty around the federal government spending, the state government funding for a long, long time. These are just events that that really are typical of the kind of things that don't help. So I wouldn't say that one event, but I think the overall uncertainty about funding of the federal government and state government is hurt. And the other thing that is hurt is in the healthcare business, which is very important part of our business, is the uncertainty about what's going to happen with our healthcare customers. What I would expect though as they sort that out, that's going to create opportunity. But unfortunately it's not sorted out yet. And so the opportunity will come, but we've got to wait for them to deal with their business issues.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs: And just in general, you had this very significant improvement in Global WorkPlace Solutions. Can you just remind us of what the components of margin expansion is? I mean obviously you've had significant restructuring efforts in that segment, in Building Efficiency, in general, but that seem to be having a very good impact, particularly in GWS. How much of the driver is from additional benefit from that? How much is mix, as some of the high-margin stuff rolls back on, just giving us a little bit of a roadmap?
Alex Molinaroli: I'll take this and Bruce can probably even give more color. We really don't have restructuring benefits, when you think about GWS at this point. But what you'll see going forward is we will see some of that as we change our operating model. And so at this point it's really been efficiencies going forward. There will be some restructuring benefit, but that restructuring benefit has to do with how we're going to change the way that we service the accounts and manage the accounts. So we put a lot more tools and rigor and operational effectiveness inside that process. In December, we'll probably outline exactly what that initiative looks like, but we've got a strong roadmap and they are executing against that. So we expect to see that improvement continue. We're hopeful that we're going to continue to talk about that in a positive way over the next few quarters.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs: And maybe just some comments on how do you see the mix changing, as we go forward? And is that something that's also accretive to margins?
Bruce McDonald: Probably the best way to think about this one is, if you think about GWS in the past, it's been a very commercially focused organization and our structure reflects that. So we would have our business, it was tend to be broken up by vertical market, so someone wanted to [ph] charge up the financials or pharmaceuticals or whatever. And which was good, because it gave us a very strong focus on the customer. The downside to that structure was if you went, then you took a place like a lot -- let's just take London, as an example. We did not leverage our resources within let say the city of London. So we may have had staff that was sub-optimized from a utilization perspective. But if we manage them across our businesses within the same geography, we could better exploit our resources. So what we're really doing here is we want to maintain the strong commercial focus that we have in that business, but operationalize it together. The cost savings of our delivery model, scale and our purchasing by vertically integrate like self perform more. And then get some more scale and economies of scale on the utilization of our overheads, SG&A.
Alex Molinaroli: And a last point I'll bring on that is, when you go to an operational review for GWS today, you'll hear them talk about six sigma, lean, the types of conversation that we used to have in our execution oriented businesses. And so that's why we feel fairly confident that a lot of this is in our control.
Operator: Next question is from Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: A question on automotive in Europe. So, Bruce, if I have my numbers right, profit for the entire segment was $13 million in the quarter, because I think it was an $81 million swing and you were at a loss of $68 million last year. Just curious, when you look at seating, what was the relative difference in profitability in Europe across the business segments when you look at electronics, interiors and seating? Just trying to understand structurally how much improvement seating saw?
Bruce McDonald: We can follow that, because I don't know the specific numbers. But what I do know is our profitability was up in seating, and interiors is down and electronics, which reflects the investments that I talked about in infotainment. And the fact that our electronics business in Europe is one business that we have significant exposure to French OEs.
Alex Molinaroli: And while we're on the topic, you didn't ask, but I would like to make sure that the metals folks know that we really appreciate what they've done. We've turned that business now to where it's crossed over the breakeven line, at least for the quarter. So we're pretty pleased to see that that part of our business is starting to perform. So that turnaround has really made a lot of progress.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: So, Alex, that's something that should provide some tailwind to seating, as we move forward in 2014, correct?
Alex Molinaroli: That's correct.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: And then on battery, I know in the past you've talked about 8% to 10% growth over the long-term on an annual basis. With the aftermarket being as weak as it has been lately and I know you expect that to get better over time. But should we think of this as not being quite that level of growth, if aftermarket doesn't return back to mid-to-high single-digit growth? How should we think about that?
Bruce McDonald: I think the law of large numbers will hurt us at some point, because we have a strong position in North America and Europe, but we're making the investments in China. We are also seeing the topline growth because of the AGM mix. So I think that it's going to move around a little bit. But I don't really change my view of the overall prospects long-term for battery. Easy for me to say, I'm not there right now.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: And then the last one, first quarter guidance, does it assume any air pocket from the federal government shutdown in terms of Building Efficiency?
Alex Molinaroli: I think in the short-term, whether the federal government is open or closed, it's not going to impact us materially.
Operator: Our next question is from Colin Langan with UBS.
Colin Langan - UBS: Any color, I'm just trying to understand the logic of the interiors announcement today. I know earlier you had talked about, you are looking at all your portfolio. I mean should we view that, are you still looking at the other divisions and now you feel like you've done the assessment on interiors or have you kind of concluded the other divisions and this is the only one that you're looking for strategic options for?
Bruce McDonald: Well, I'm not sure you'd really expect me to answer that one completely. I think that the reason why we announced interiors now is because we have to make sure that we're able to execute on some of the opportunities. So it made sense for us to talk about it now. You see we have the impairment, as it relates to the rest of the portfolio, I would say just call it an ongoing process, not something that it's going to be an event. Obviously, we're having and it seems like an event now, but I would say it'd be more of an ongoing process for us.
Alex Molinaroli: I would just maybe add a little bit of color is, think about of the interiors business, I mean they've done nice job turning it around. But they are sort of sitting in a position same as we were last year with electronics. And that they've come to us and said look here is some further restructuring that we want to do, here is some increased amount of capital investment that we'd like to make, and it's not a priority for us. So given that we're constraining the capital for this business, and also given the fact there is a lot of rumors out there. We felt it is important to our people to be forthright with them about what it is that we're planning on doing. And we have talked to various people about and parties about the business, and so we rather handle the communication like this than be reactive to a leak in the future. It spuds really around the respect for our employees.
Colin Langan - UBS: Going back to your Power Solutions that you talked about earlier, what kind of quarter-to-quarter volatility should we normally expect when we go down to Q2, Q3? Does this seem like, given the Q4 exit rate, we're almost near I think your mid-decade kind of outlook for margins with normal sort of typical seasonality?
Alex Molinaroli: Part of this I'm not going to be able to answer because of the accounting change. So I need to look at what impact that's going to be, because what happens is we basically run our factories, not completely at full load, but as best we can. And so it's become seasonal, because we have seasonal sales because of the nature of the business. And then we have building inventory and depleting inventory. The LIFO and FIFO change is going to impact that somehow. So I really don't know if I can answer it completely or probably less volatile, but certainly be more predictable. But one of the reasons why you saw the change between Q2 and Q3 is one of those quarters were building inventory, one of them were depleting inventory. And so for LIFO that becomes a P&L hit and for our FIFO it does not.
Colin Langan - UBS: And just thinking about going forward, you've kind of indicated as AGM mix grows you'll see margin improvement. So that story and looking at Q4 in and of itself, if AGM is up, we should still continue to see margin expansion over the next few years, there is no reason to think that would normalize?
Bruce McDonald: The one thing that I would just tell you is that we'll continue our investment in China. And as we invest in China, that's a lumpy investment and it's bringing on new clients. You don't have the absorption that you like. And so I think that that's going to be headwind for a while as it relates to our overall margins, but that's where our growth and investments will come for the future. So I think that you'll probably start hearing us as we talk about margins, there will be some impact by what pace that when we are opening plans in China that's my guess.
Colin Langan - UBS: And just one last question. On Auto Experience or particularly around the seating side, are the major restructuring actions done or we are still going to see some sequential benefits from restructuring those things?
Alex Molinaroli: We'll see some sequential benefits in 2014.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Stover with Guggenheim
Matt Stover - Guggenheim: Just a detailed question. Could you reiterate the order detail that you provided in the walk-through, Bruce? I didn't get quite all of it.
Bruce McDonald: The order detail?
Matt Stover - Guggenheim: Yes.
Bruce McDonald: So in Asia and North America and Europe, we're up about 5%. In Latin America, we're down 15%. Middle-East we're down 19%.
Matt Stover - Guggenheim: And then the second question is as I look at the sequential progression in the auto business, I know there is a lot of noise that occurs there. But was there something in particular that would affect our impression of the sequential margin, because it appeared as though you had for the revenue delta quarter-to-quarter a pretty significant decremental?
Bruce McDonald: Significant decremental?
Matt Stover - Guggenheim: Yes, last quarter Q3 to Q4?
Bruce McDonald: I can't think of anything in the fourth quarter or third quarter like some that was benefited Q3 or something that hit Q4, I can't think of anything off the top knot. But maybe we can follow-up on that, if you could share your model, maybe we can help you out.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Leiker with Baird.
David Leiker - Baird: A handful of detailed questions here first. Bruce, with the write-down in the asset value of the interiors business where did you write the book value down on that, what are you at?
Bruce McDonald: I'd rather not say.
David Leiker - Baird: And then as you go through this, I mean obviously, Alex, you have got a couple of different options you can go and some of the product lines you are already starting to wind it down. If you went down the path of winding down the whole business, is that positive or negative to the profitability over time?
Bruce McDonald: Well, that's a hard one to answer. I mean in the short-term, what would end up happening, David, is let's say that was with our plan. Then we could dial-back a lot of SG&A in the short-term, run out our contracts, but then we'd have a series of plant closures as program startup to rolled off. Our strategy, just by the way, I mean we're not planned on winding down the interiors business. I think we've got some ideas .We aren't saying we're exploring our strategic options and we haven't got a clue what we're going to do. We have a few ideas, some sticks in the fire, but we're not planning on shutting it down.
Alex Molinaroli: I mean, we would rather not even be talking about this, but as Bruce said, we need to be transparent to our employees. But I think it's very similar to electronics. Obviously, the financials aren't the same, but we run a good business. There is structurally some issues with this market and I think we're not the only ones who are suffering from it, but there is no reason for us to wind this business down, particularly as we explore options, we have multiple options.
Bruce McDonald: David, maybe one other point, I mean we did mentioned in the press release, look, here is what the interior sales and earnings are. Keep in mind and you know this, but we allocate our corporate cost to our segment. So when I'm looking to do something with interiors, if I back away the corporate costs that wouldn't go with that business, it has positive earnings. So it's the external segment number maybe does a little bit of this justice in terms of what a buyer would get.
David Leiker - Baird: And then on the Building Efficiency side, you have the backlog there of $4.8 billion, there are some adjustments there for down 5%. If we did it apple-to-apples, what would that look like?
Bruce McDonald: I think it's down to 7%.
David Leiker - Baird: It says divestitures and FX, yes.
Bruce McDonald: I think FX wasn't -- and divestures rates where the point.
David Leiker - Baird: So you would have been down to 7%?
Bruce McDonald: Yes.
David Leiker - Baird: And your orders are up and I think in the last couple of quarters you talked about, each of those stages leading to the backlog. It sounds like you are not getting things out of the pipeline into the backlog, is that what we are seeing here?
Alex Molinaroli: I think that everybody keeps talking about this recovery that's hasn't happened yet. And if you look at the indices, what you'll see is there is some recovery happening at the architectural level. Unfortunately, it's not happening in a lot of the markets where we have our strength, where we are the strongest in the institutional markets and that seems to be a big lager at this time, which is unusual. So as that sorts out, we'll pickup pace, but unfortunately it looks like it's a few months away at least, and so that's why we're going after a lot of these costs initiative, because we're acknowledging the position we have with our backlog.
David Leiker: And then the last item here is on the battery side and I'm going to pile on the margin question. I mean if you look at that business you have the assets in place for AGM and you've got the initial assets in place in China. And I don't think you are going to open another China plant for a year and a half. You've got the mix of AGM. You've got the pricing, the vertical integration. It just seems like you've got a pretty high ceiling on margins for that business from where you are today.
Baird: And then the last item here is on the battery side and I'm going to pile on the margin question. I mean if you look at that business you have the assets in place for AGM and you've got the initial assets in place in China. And I don't think you are going to open another China plant for a year and a half. You've got the mix of AGM. You've got the pricing, the vertical integration. It just seems like you've got a pretty high ceiling on margins for that business from where you are today.
Bruce McDonald: Well, I think if you're asking do we think we are willing to expand our margin for Power Solutions, we would agree with you, we do. We've talked about the fact that we expect to see couple of hundred basis points more of margin expansion over the next two to three years. I think we're on track to deliver that. So we don't disagree, we are not saying we're peaked here. You're absolutely right, as AGM becomes a bigger piece of a pie that's beneficial. And as our China business, which right now losses money because of the investments that we're making as that swings into a profit, that even though it degrades day-to-day our overall margins, but the swinging from the lost to profit it helps the total.
David Leiker: And the timing for China during that is what?
Baird: And the timing for China during that is what?
Bruce McDonald: We're looking to get close to breakeven kind of run rate by the end of next year. I think the breakeven run rate by the end of next year.
Operator: And the next question from Rod Lache from Deutsche Bank
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank: Just to clarify one thing on the Power Solutions, certain things must have gone better than you expected late last year when you projected 200 basis points of margin expansion from 2012 to 2017. Would you agree with that and what would those items have been?
Bruce McDonald: Well, I think we were saying we expect a couple of, I think 200 basis points or 250 basis points, we were saying over a three year period there, Rod. But I think we've got a bit more lift this year with the pricing that would probably be why we did better. And that somewhat we lost some of that with the fact that the after-market volumes were softer than we thought coming to this year. So those will be the two little positive and negative, but net to a positive.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank: And then switching to seating, you've talked a little bit about that. And obviously there has been some improvement in the metals business, which was a drag last year. Could you just tell us just from a high level, what actually has happened and what actually do you have to do going forward? I think you originally were targeting a 5% margin in metals by 2014. It sounds like you've already made some progress but there are some specific actions you still need to take?
Bruce McDonald: You're right. I mean if you looked at our last analyst deck, we talked about metals being at like a 5% run rate by the end of '14. We're little bit behind that. But basically if you sort of unpack what's going on and what's driving the operational improvement here, the first and formal it's been the fact that we fixed all of our launch problems. And so for the last up until probably the early part of fiscal '13, we were lurching from problematic launch to problematic launch. And incurring cost to sort of fix it and then another launch would come up and that would be a challenge and we'd fixed that. So we've kind of been out of that mode now for two or three quarters. So I'm not saying all of our launches are perfect, but we're not having these launches that are really problematic for us. So I'd say we're back to normal mode. And if you look at our forward pipeline of the metrics that we have on programs that we're launching in the next 12, 24, 36 months, we're back to normal. So that's a great result. That's what has really driven us from the heavy losses to get to breakeven. What's in front of us? There is probably two big things. One is we still have a lot of our supply based in high-cost country and so we have work stream that moves a lot of our tools, this is largely a Europe story, Western Europe to Eastern Europe. And then probably a bigger part of the story is then the product and process standardization. And that we're really in the early innings on. And by that what I mean is if you think about JCI, KEIPER and Hammerstein, I'll just take recliners. We all had a recliner and we are standardizing on the KEIPER recliner family, and so we're going through a process of getting that recliner fitted out on our backlogs, that we can stop the product proliferation, rationalize our engineering around the 1-2b product family and then converting our manufacturing operations, so they can all manufacture the same thing. It's a lot of words, but it's can take bit of time, but it drives the big value.
Alex Molinaroli: The other thing that we'll see benefit from is the investments in Chin and we'll start to see that benefit. But this is a long-term fixed, I mean with the cycles of this business, we have to get these things approved and if it's mid-cycle, that's even tougher, so we'll see improvement, but it is going to take a lot of to get to our standard products.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank: And just to clarify, at one point, Alex, you had said or the company had said there was a bit of an offsetting trend in that division as some customers were kind of changing the way they were purchasing, moving more towards components away from systems. Is it safe to assume that that's basically kind of played out at this point and that now there is a mostly operational positive that you can affect as opposed to kind of market negatives that you have to deal with?
Alex Molinaroli: Well, I guess, the comment before was that we think our strategy was right. And we think our execution has been suspect and tough, but we had the right strategy. And I think that was the context of the comment. I do think our customers have picked their way and it's different in different parts of the world, but for the most part component sourcing is where our customers are going. So I guess, I would agree overall with what was your comment.
Glen Ponczak: We're out of time, Alex, couple of closing remarks.
Alex Molinaroli: The only thing I'd like to do is first is I did say it earlier, but most importantly I want to make sure we thank our employees. Our employees have been under a lot of stress over the last couple of years as we've tried to deal with the market conditions. And we're starting to see the results and I'm very proud of what they've accomplished. And so I want to make sure I mention that. And then last we have a lot to talk about. It will be more detailed, more talks, more strategically in December. So hopefully we'll see you folks in December 18, in New York, because I think it will be a good meeting.
Glen Ponczak: Thanks, everybody.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-07-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen L. Ponczak  Vice President-Global Investor Relations Stephen A. Roell  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Alex A. Molinaroli  Vice Chairman R. Bruce McDonald  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ravi Shanker  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Richard Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Emmanuel Rosner  Credit Agricole Securities, Inc. Rod A. Lache  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. David Leiker  Robert W. Baird & Co. Brett D. Hoselton  KeyBanc Capital Markets Brian Johnson  Barclays Capital, Inc. Colin Langan  UBS Securities, LLC
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will have a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this point. Now Ill turn the call over to Mr. Glen Ponczak. Sir, you may begin.
Glen L. Ponczak: Great, thanks, Phil and Mica. Thanks everybody for participating this morning. Before we start, I just wanted to remind you of our forward-looking statements. That Johnson Controls will be making statements in todays presentation that are forward-looking and therefore are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements in this presentation other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this presentation, statements regarding future financial position, sales, costs, earnings, cash flows, other measures of results of operations, capital expenditures or debt levels and plans, objectives, outlook, targets, guidance and goals are forward-looking statements. Words such as may, will, expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, believe, should, forecast, project or plan, or terms of similar meaning are also generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Johnson Controls cautions that these statements are subject to numerous important risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, some of which are beyond the companys control that could cause Johnson Controls actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include the strength of the U.S. or other economies, automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, availability of raw materials and component products, currency exchange rates, and cancellations of or changes to commercial contracts, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part I of Johnson Controls' most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2012 and Johnson Controls' subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Shareholders, potential investors and others should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements and should not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date of this document only, and Johnson Controls assumes no obligation, and disclaims any obligation, to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this presentation. As always, Im joined this morning by Steve Roell, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, who will provide an overview of our third quarter results, followed by Alex Molinaroli, our Vice Chairman, who will review the Power Solutions and Building Efficiency business results, then Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will review the Automotive business as well as the financial review of the overall quarter, followed by questions and answers, and we will end the call promptly at the top of the hour. And with that, Ill turn it over to Steve.
Stephen A. Roell: Okay. Well, thank you, Glen, and good morning. Let me begin by saying that were very pleased with the results of our fiscal third quarter. The strong earnings and cash flow are consistent; in fact, they are actually higher than the guidance we provided to you in last quarters call. We achieved those results despite the fact that business conditions remain challenging across our industries. There was some more exception to that as the North American automotive industry, which as youre well aware of, remains strong as evidenced by the high retail activity in the month of June. In the quarter, automotive production on the continent was up 6% from a year ago. Dealer inventories are in fairly good shape and that bodes well for this quarters production. Were currently anticipating the North American production will approximate 4 million units in the quarter ending in September, which would equate to about a 4% increase over last years comparable period. Despite everything you read about a slowdown, in China automotive sales and production remained strong. In the quarter just entered, production will be up 10% and we expect that in the upcoming quarter that we can see an increase in production of roughly 7% year-over-year. In Europe, production levels were slightly lower and recent industry forecasts are projecting that future periods will begin to show growth. We are still expecting that in the quarter that we are entering  that we are in right now that production will be slightly lower than it was in the comparable period a year ago. Turning to Building Efficiency, non-residential construction demand is softer than we expected. However, we are seeing improvements in a number of markets, most notably the Solutions business, where we are, our pipeline of bidding activity has increased. We continue to see strong quoting activity and continued strength in the federal and state government markets, and Asia continues to be a point of strength for us. We expect our backlog at September end to be just slightly below the level of the prior year as based on some of the large jobs that we anticipate being awarded in the quarter. Battery demand in the aftermarket North American and Europe was weaker than expected again. A point-of-sale tracking that we have with several retailers reflects continued soft demand. However, our shipments to OEs were up 14% North America and Europe, and that helps to offset some of the weakness in the aftermarket that I just referred to. So there are some positive signs, but as I mentioned in our last call, our results in the second half of this year were not dependent upon near term recoveries of our markets. In April, we indicated that we were at a point of inflection, I think that was Bruces term, and our third quarter was just that. Lets just look at the numbers now and flip to the next slide. Sales of $10.8 billion were up 2% with Power Solutions providing that growth. Segment income of $764 million was 20% higher, with all three business units contributing double-digit increases. Net income of $535 million was up 18% and diluted earnings per share of $0.78 compared to $0.66 per share, and as of course, taking out the one-time items. Just a couple of other general comments, with the lower top line growth we were dependent upon margin expansion, and we were pleased with 110 basis point increase in our segment income. We were particularly impressed by the improvement that we saw in both Building Efficiency and our Automotive in terms of basis point increase in their margins.
 : Bruce is going to cover two things with you specifically, one with the strong cash flow in period and also the definitive agreement that we reached to the best of our HomeLink product line that was announced in our press release today. In terms of future earnings per share guidance, we increased our EPS outlook for our fourth fiscal quarter to the range of $0.93 to $0.95 per share, its a 20% increase over last year roughly. We expect all three businesses to contribute significantly in the quarter. Last January, I talked about the factors that would help drive our second half results. And if you recall over five key elements, I just like to review those with you. The first was the fact that we would benefit from restructuring actions that we took in late fiscal 2012, and clearly that's been a factor in our improved results and our momentum in the second half. We did take some additional restructuring actions this quarter in our announcement, this beneficial primarily fall in the fiscal 2014. Last year if you recall, we encountered high core costs in our Power Solutions business and while those costs remain high, we were able to initiate pricing actions to offset those costs. In addition, we managed our inventory of course, more effectively this year, while still ramping up for our Florence, South Carolina smelter. The other factor was our margin expansion in BE associated with their pricing initiatives and cost containment. we saw 120 basis point improvement in Q3 in that business unit. Were also accounting on improvements in our metals in South American operations and Automotive Seating and those clearly met our expectation. And the one item that we did rely on in terms of exterior, their outside performance was the North American production increased in North America. And Id mentioned that earlier that we had a strong quarter in North America and continues to be so in our fourth fiscal quarter. So with that now I would like to turn over the call to Alex who will comment on Power Solutions and Building Efficiency. Alex?
Alex A. Molinaroli: Good morning, everyone. First, Ill start with Power Solutions as on Slide 7. As you can see, sales were up to $1.4 billion, this 8%, and if you adjust for FX and for lead, our sales were up 11%. Our OE volumes were the driver of that, at 16% growth and aftermarket volumes were down at 4%. We didnt lose any share, but what happened is, we still havent seen the kinds of volumes that were expecting due to weather. good news were seeing some weather now. So well hopefully be able to update that at end of the fourth quarter. For the overall shipments, which youll see is that, we had overall shipments up 2%, Americas is flat. That has to do with the mix of our business; Asia is up 1% and Europe up 7%. It shows that where our mix for ROE business is. our results were favorably impacted by some very strong operational performance and a lot of that driven by the ramp up and now full operation of our smelters. So our in-house lead recycling is now at the levels that we expected. Our segment income was up to $171 million, thats 12% up from last year this time, and one other things that I think the team has done a good job is even though lead price  cost for scrap has moderated some, its still at very high levels and they have been able to go out and get commercial arrangement with our OE customers to offset some of the lead cost. The last thing Id like to talk about is that there is a 3% to 4% price increase effective this quarter, this coming quarter, and fourth quarter, and we should expect to start seeing the benefits to that immediately. If you move to Building Efficiency in the next slide, you can see that Building Efficiency continues to struggle in the top line and we talked about their backlog, but were very proud of what they have accomplished on their bottom line and they continue to not only get cost efficiencies, but also to be successful and allow their pricing initiatives. So for the quarter they are down 3.7%, and the revenue growth if you want to look at it by region is up in Asia 3%, but it was offset by a softness in the more mature markets. Overall, our quarter, we have a backlog of $5.1 billion and thats down 5% from a year ago. And if you want to look at it that by region, where we are seeing the softness is in Europe, Asia, North America, and both in service and system. So the mature markets and its pretty broad across the board where our backlog is lying. As you know, we dont keep backlog information on our UPG business residential, so that would be a little bit different and not included these numbers. For the first time and this is really good news that we started to see orders pick up. So I dont know that we can consider a trend yet, but were hopeful we had very, very strong orders in the month of June. I believe the June, were up 12% year-over-year, and over the quarters up 2%, and that's the first time we've seen that in quite sometime. Let me give you some statistics of where that came from. 4% in Europe, which is a real surprise, 27% in Latin America, lot of that driven by a lot of the infrastructure thats been built in Latin America for the Olympics and the World Cup; up 1% in Asia, 1% in North America, and we saw some softness in Middle East, down 18%. But if you recall that part of the world is driven by very, very large projects. And so, if you look at it on a year-on-year basis it sometimes very difficult, but we're very happy with the fact that our orders are trending up, and not only that I would tell you that we're starting to see our pipelines become stronger and stronger, particularly where we've had the most softness in our Solutions business. So we are very hopeful. Our segment income up to $314 million, 14% higher than 2012, and I think we are all very proud to see the sustained margin increase within building efficiencies. It's been a strong story and it continues. Steve talked earlier about the market conditions improving. I think that specifically around the federal government and the state and local governments, were still seeing some softness in some of the institutional markets otherwise, but things have hopefully hit their bottom and well look to see if we start to see improvements at the end of the year. So I'm hopefully if we're going to use terms that Bruce used last time for this business at least on the top line maybe we're going to be at a bit of an inflection point ourselves. But we're not counting on that, because they continue to work on operational improvements. If you go to the next slide that speaks to that, I want to talk about a couple of things that are going on within the Building Efficiency business. A lot of these margin increases have had to do with pricing opportunities and some overall SG&A management. One of the things that we want to talk about is that, there are some structural changes that were also doing within the Building Efficiency business that will allow them to become more effective. You may or may not know, but within our North American business, we have multiple businesses that serve the market. We have a Security business. We have a Systems business, which serves the construction market. We have our Solutions business, which is performance contracting, and we have our Service business. We are going through an initiative now in order to combine those operations from a management perspective, from a customer perspective, so that we can be more effective serving our customers while keeping the operational excellence that we have within each one of those businesses. This will streamline our sales efforts. This will lower our cost to serve, and I think our customers have given us feedback that theyre looking forward to this opportunity. This is a major change initiative, its a big part of our business, and we have high expectations. This will drive margins, cost reductions, productivity in the near-term and growth in the long-term. Another change that were making and it relates directly to the fact that were going to continue to invest in Building Efficiency is that, we separated our Global WorkPlace Solutions business, which will be a standalone business and report directly to me. Well continue to have the synergies and pull through, as we have had in the past. But what we see is that we dont need the Building Efficiency business with all its on their plate and the great things that they have going and the great opportunities we have in front of us focused on this business. Were going to allow the World Services business, for those who have been following for a long time was a separate business at one point. Theyre focused on the things that it needs to do in order to become more successful. And we have success and that business will be driving margin improvement. So well talk more in the future about that. Were very bullish on the opportunity we have to get the margins up to a level of internal, if you talk from the EBIT perspective of around 5%. So Im excited about both opportunities in the team at Building Efficiency and both GWS is pretty excited, so more to come on that. With that, Ill turn it over to Bruce.
R. Bruce McDonald: Okay, thanks, Alex, and good morning, everyone. So Ill start here on Slide number 10 for Automotive Experience. So you can see here a good quarter for Automotive, and from a top line perspective, we are up 4 %. If you back out exchange, were actually up about 5%. If you look at the individual segments, Seating sales were up 6% excluding foreign exchange, interior sales were flat and electronics sales were up 2%. Again, all those numbers exclude foreign exchange. Geographically, and we always like to look at our geographic numbers in the context to the production environment, and pleased to say that all regions we outperformed the markets. If you look at North America, talk about our sales being up 11%, and that compares to the market being up 6%. In Europe, we are up 4%, in the downmarket where its down 1% as Steve talked about earlier. And in China, we continue to see very strong momentum, but there, we continue to gain share primarily from some of the Chinese brands, and the sort of market shift towards the quality and our customers putting more dollars in Interiors for sales for us in the quarter. We are up 23% to $1.4 billion, again, that includes our non-consolidated businesses, and that compares very favorably to 23% to the 10% increase in auto production in the quarter from China. So good results geographically. If you look at our bottom line, we have great results here. well start to see the benefit of our restructuring and cost actions here. so you can see our profitability was up 34%, $279 million. We benefited from the higher revenues in North America, operational improvements in all sort of our theaters of operations, but most notably in metals, our European business and in our Interiors business in Europe specifically. In Europe, as Steve reported earlier, we made a profitable $11 million in the quarter, which was significantly better than the $30 million to $35 million loss that we had guided to during our Q2 call. If you really think through this what drove that improvement, when we gave our guidance, we talked about Europe production being down 3%, and the numbers came in at only down 1%. So we definitely got a lift in terms of the market environment. But the most of the improvement was just the pace of generating the improvements in our businesses in Europe, and again, Metals, our Seating business and our Interiors business all equally contributed to the favorable performance here. In the quarter, we also know engineering costs were about $20 million higher year-over-year, when I talked through our SG&A levels later on, thats really the driver for the higher SG&A on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Margins in Automotive came in at real nice 4.9%, 100 basis point improvement versus last year, again, geographically if you look at the results in North America, 7.1% in Asia where its 15.3%. And as we  just one clarification here, we did note in our press release and we have it here on the slide. We didnt have a gain on the sale of some assets in automotive that was about $29 million, you can see that in our cash flow statement. That was something that we had expected more than our guidance. Well, I can tell you that most of that benefit was offset by litigation charges and other costs related to the downsizing of our business in South America. Slipping to Slide 11 and maybe just a few comments on the divestiture that we announced this morning, so earlier today, we announced weve signed a definitive agreement to sell the HomeLink product line to Gentex Corporation for $700 million in cash. As many of you know, Gentex is the largest customer of this product line and very early in the divestiture process here. Gentex approached us with an offer to buy the business, the HomeLink product line. And this is a fairly easy business for us to separate, very straightforward in conjunction with discussions what we had with our financial advisors, we decided to pursue basically a two-step divestiture process of goal, with the divestiture of this product line to Gentex and markets remaining business to other strategic buyers. We believe that following that strategy, we generate more value for our shareholders. The Gentex transaction is subject to the normal regulatory approvals. We dont expect there to be any difficulties and our expectation is the transaction should close on/or about September 30, which is our fiscal year-end. Regarding the remaining Electronics business, I guess, I would just say that the process, were at where we thought wed be. We are in discussions with several strategic purchasers. and right now, were targeting to have an announcement in terms of the sale of that business on/or before our fourth quarter earnings call. So things are going as we expected, and were pleased to have brought the HomeLink sale to conclusion with Gentex this morning. Turning to the financials and maybe, just before I get into the details, youll note that in our press release, we did have two non-operational items, which resulted in a net benefit of $0.05 in the quarter. And those were from additional restructuring charges primarily around our Automative Experience business and Building Efficiency business. Those charges, I would say are primarily around our downsizing our footprint in Europe, and with regard to Building Efficiency, its implementing some of the organizational changes that Alex referred to in his slides. So if we just look at the numbers here in the quarter, you can see our revenues were up 2% at $10.8 billion, again, if you would back out exchange thats actually been up about 3%. Were pleased to see strong gross profit improvement and were up 90 basis points to 15.5%. The drivers in terms of our margin improvement were Interiors, Metals and Building Efficiency improvements that Alex referred to in his comments. It terms of SG&A as a percentage of sales flat at about 9.1%. The benefits that we saw from our restructuring actions were largely offset by increased investments in some of our emerging market infrastructure and the higher engineering spend that I referred to in Automotive. Equity income picked up a little bit about $5 million higher than a year ago, and you can see our segment margins up 110 basis points to 7.1% in the quarter. Slipping to Slide 13, you see financing charges were up about $8 million versus last year, thats really just higher average levels of debt. As we get into the fourth quarter, were again going to start to see as our financing costs go down as we start to see the benefit of the strong free cash flow generation thats coming through here. If you look at the tax rate in the quarter at 20% is consistent with our guidance and youll see thats up from the 17% that weve had last year. So even though, our earnings per share were up 18%, you see we did have a little bit of a headwind here in terms of the tax line. Slipping over to Slide 14, Ill just make a few comments in terms of our cash flow and balance sheet. So we saw a very strong cash performance. We talked about this in our last call. $1 billion was our operating cash flow in the third quarter. that enabled us to reduce our net debt by about $556 million in the quarter and lower our debt to total capitalization to 31.7%, and thats about a 270 basis point improvement in the quarter. In terms of working capital, again, we saw some good performance here. trade working capital, which we define as payables, receivables and inventory, came down to 6.5% of sales, which is about a 20 basis point year-to-date improvement. In terms of working capital, we are pleased to see we were actually, had a source, the number on the slide is actually incorrect, thats the one  it was actually $272 million. Thats the one number I put together in the slide, but I made a mistake there. But $272 million is a good source of cash from working capital in the quarter and we expect to see some more cash from working capital come through here in the fourth quarter. In terms of CapEx, $265 million, as you can see thats coming down. Our full year outlook, were maintaining at about $1.2 billion. Thats where we see the full year CapEx coming in line here. In terms of the fourth quarter, our expectation is were going to see net debt reduction, again excluding the divestiture proceed of about $600 million to $650 million. So what were really saying here is that, on our Q2 call, we talked about net  our debt coming down about $1 billion in the second half, right now, we see that coming down at about $1.15 billion to $1.2 billion over the back-end of the year about $150 million to $200 million better than we told you at our Q2 call. We do have some debt maturities that are coming up, as weve noted here on the slide. so were going to fund $300 million of debt maturities with cash from operations here in the fourth quarter. And as we get into calendar 2014, we have $800 million of debt that comes due on our second fiscal quarter. Our thinking right now is, we will apply the proceeds that we get from the Electronics divestment to fund out those maturities. And then lastly, just a few concluding comments before we open it up to M&A. So again, Q3 really was an inflection point for us and with our earnings here been up 18% on a year-over-year basis. I know that over the last quarter, either Alex, Glen, Dave or myself, I think we met with many of our analysts and a lot of our investors. We know that weve not moved up to our shareholders expectations here, and we believe that our third quarter results are an important step  another important step I guess I should say and rebuilding the confidence that that weve had that investment communities had with the management team. So as we look into the fourth quarter, were very confident and the guidance that were providing this morning. Were tightening the range in terms of our full year to be $2.64 to $2.66. Our confidence is really driven by the same things that we were talked about in Q3, same factors, many of which are completely under our control. We continue to see good, and as we continue to expect good sequential improvement in our Auto business in Europe and South America. in Building Efficiency, if you look at our pipeline and support further improvement in Q4 orders, and for the fourth quarter, we do expect Building Efficiency to show top line growth. so weve had several quarters of down revenue in Building Efficiency. We expect that to reverse itself here in the fourth quarter, and we expect that strong momentum that weve had in terms of the margins to continue. From our restructuring perspective, our initiatives are on track and gaining momentum, and theyll deliver additional benefits here in the fourth quarter. In terms of our EPS outlook for Q4, were introducing guidance here a little bit ahead of expectations, $0.93 to $0.95, excluding any items that represents about a 21% to 23% year-over-year improvement. And just one point of clarification, in the fourth quarter, we may elect to treat our Auto Electronics business as a discontinued operation. And so the guidance that were providing here the $0.93 to $0.95 is inclusive of the operating results of Electronics. So if we decide to reclassify Auto Electronics as a discontinued operation, the guidance is really going to be our income from both continuing and discontinuing businesses. So I just want to make that clear to everybody. so were not dancing that around on our fourth quarter call. So with that, Im going to turn it back over to Glen. and I think, were going to open up for Q&A.
Glen L. Ponczak: Great, thanks, Bruce. And so I guess were ready to start taking questions. And I think just based on the number of calls weve got blogged in here, we probably have a lot of folks in the queue for questions and answers. So as weve done in the last couple of calls, if you could limit your questions to one good question and one follow-up, and if youve got more, just get back in the queue again, and hopefully, we can get to you. Okay. with that Phil, well turn it over to you for question-and-answer queuing.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Ravi Shanker from Morgan Stanley. Sir, your line is open.
Ravi Shanker  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone.
Stephen A. Roell: Hi, Ravi.
Ravi Shanker  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. So I had a question regarding the re-segmenting within BE. you did a similar line of business type reporting structure in Auto, three or four quarters ago, and then you announced the Electronics business up for sale, any read across to what's going on in BE and GWS being classified as separate business?
Alex A. Molinaroli: This is Alex, Ravi. Yeah, we expected this question. The reason we did this is exactly for what we stated. We think that both of those businesses are important to us, and we think that theres opportunity and in order for us to capitalize not only on the GWS opportunity, but as important, the BE opportunity, is really to separate the two. So I wouldnt draw the analogy between the two. It's an obvious analogy, but I think as we start changing the way we manage our business, we're not trying to signal one thing or another. But we do expect GWS to improve its performance and they know that we have some high expectations and we need to make sure that we have a business that can compete and win.
Stephen A. Roell:
 :
Ravi Shanker  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All right.
Alex A. Molinaroli: The last thing Ill leave with Ravi is that theyll try to read things into anything, but we have been pretty clear that we are looking at our portfolio to make sure that it all makes sense. So just dont over read anything, but it hasnt changed our message that capital allocation is important, making sure that we have businesses that can be successful is important, but I wouldnt over pivot on this.
Ravi Shanker  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood, thanks for detail. In Glens words that was my good question. My follow-up is can you give us any additional detail or numbers behind the additional restructuring actions that you put in place in the third quarter? Thanks.
Stephen A. Roell: Let's go through that, we'll take that as a follow-up with you Ravi in terms of  I mean, I kind of touched on where they verged and focused. It's really focused on downsizing in Europe. And we've talked in the last quarter about as we have changed our outlook in terms of the case that we see that business that that market improving, we are de-emphasizing that from a capital allocation point of view. We've got heavy restructuring demands to turnaround our Interiors business, and so that's where the money has gone in terms of auto. If you think about Building Efficiency, the other piece and there it's really been, we took a charge to get it started and integrating in North American business. And so we have three or four separate businesses, were going to be combining the branches. we got management changes and things like that. So weve taken a charge to get started with that.
Ravi Shanker  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood, Ill follow-up off-line. Thank you.
Stephen A. Roell: Thanks, Ravi.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question on queue is from Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open, sir.
Richard Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Stephen A. Roell: Hi, Rich.
Richard Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: On the Power margins, they were a little bit lighter than we were looking for and I think you explained about the lead cores and what not in your increasing pricing, but as you think about the fiscal fourth quarter, should we get a pretty steady uptick on a year-over-year basis when youre looking at the segment margin?
Stephen A. Roell: Yeah, I think the margins will continue to uptick. What I would tell you is were positioned for volume and since the volume didnt happen, its a capital intensive business, high fixed costs, and so even without the volume, we didnt get the  we got some margin improvement. If and when the volume does come through, because we havent lost any share, what well see is those margins, not only the cost part of the margins, but well get the absorption that we havent seen yet.
Richard Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: What sort of type of price increase, Alex, okay?
Alex A. Molinaroli: Well, we had a price increase in the other thing. Just to note I was looking at my notes earlier that our AGM volumes were up 40% in the quarter. so well continue to see that grow. So its all tailwinds. Volume would be our best friend that we could have right now.
Richard Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. That makes sense and
Stephen A. Roell: I would just comment, Rich, I saw in your notes in terms of where youre at versus last night, if you look at the quarter, we were down a couple of million units versus what we thought in terms of the aftermarket in the quarter. And if you look, sort of did the math in terms of the contribution that we make, the high fixed costs, capital cost as Alex talked about. thats really the reconciling item.
Richard Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, all right. That makes sense. And then just a follow up on BE with pricing, you cited that as a driver of the margin performance this quarter. And I know that had some increasing benefit, is there a timeframe where you start to compare or should the pricing initiative continue to have benefits on the BE margins as you move into 2014?
Alex A. Molinaroli: I think we're going to continue to see benefits. The pricing opportunity is different kinds of opportunities, ones as it relates to very broad base recovery and then the other is understanding the elasticity of some of our products and how they are going to market. So I think we found plenty of opportunities plus I would tell you this just things like this initiative, the North American initiative, that's going to uncover not only as much as pricing opportunities, but we are going to get a lot more leverage out of the opportunities and the customer share of wallet with the customer, and that's going to give us a lower cost to serve. So that will also show up in the margin line.
Richard Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay.
Stephen A. Roell: The only thing I can mention that Alex is the lot of the pricing actions are in our Solutions business and thats just flowing into our backlog
Richard Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Yeah.
Stephen A. Roell: Right now, so that will flow into revenues later, okay, into 2014.
Richard Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, great. Thank so much.
Stephen A. Roell: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Emmanuel Rosner from CLSA. Your line is open, sir.
Emmanuel Rosner  Credit Agricole Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Stephen A. Roell: Good morning.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Hi, Emmanuel.
Emmanuel Rosner  Credit Agricole Securities, Inc.: My question is around capital allocation. You guys obviously are starting to generate some more meaningful free cash flows and then there is obviously some potential proceeds from divestitures. And so it looks that like the proceeds from this particular divestiture are your mark towards debt repayments, but I think I would like to ask you more generally and looking forward, as you are starting to generate more free cash, what are your priorities in terms of debt pay down versus returning some of it to shareholders maybe in terms of buyback and I think youve also more recently been much more open about the idea that looking forward youd be interested in some more potential acquisitions, where does that come in terms of priority for cash use?
Alex A. Molinaroli: Okay, well, I think the reason why we pointed to, when Bruce talked about his use of proceeds, thats sort of our near-term views of what we would use with the proceeds from HomeLink, is to pay down the cash and the debt thats terming. But what we are really doing is if you think about it, we are deleveraging our balance sheet. We want to protect our rating. Thats one of our criteria. I think from the standpoint of share buyback, I think we still can find opportunities in our business to grow the growth platforms. So I wouldnt tell you that our share buybacks are really there to protect our dilutive nature of some of our options, exercises. So share buybacks are not high in our priority list, but I do think that we are looking at different ways to allocate our capital. And I think in terms of M&A, weve talked about in the past that our priorities would be in building efficiency and thats really what we are working on right now is how we can do a better job of finding new growth platforms to complement our BE business.
Emmanuel Rosner  Credit Agricole Securities, Inc.: Okay. And I guess as a follow-up in terms of the sustainability of the free cash flow, obviously your CapEx went from $1.8 billion last year to $1.2 billion, do you view that as a new sustainable rate and even possibly lower obviously if there is some divestitures going forward or do you think that it will serve like a more of a one-time effort to where you are trying to serve. We focus capital allocation back to $1.2 billion might be too low for on an ongoing basis?
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah, let me help you out with this. This is Alex and then Bruce can give some more specifics. In December, were going to talk more about this, but our businesses are changing. The Automotive business is more mature than it was in this growth period, and weve become more selective and then as we talk about becoming more selective, that means that were going to have a different level of capital expectations within that business. Its not that there is not opportunities there they are just not always attractive to us. So were clearly making a conscious decision in Automotive about how much to fund that business, and so that and theyll have an impact on the growth of that business. So thats debt free cash flow that we generate. In Power, I think we will start seeing that creep back up over time because those opportunities are there. Just right now, where were is in a position that were utilizing the capital that weve already spent, but the plans are still in place to continue to spend in Power. So I dont know that well stay at the exact levels that were at right now. I think this next year well be at low again, but overtime it will continue to come back. But what I would expect is when you see this free cash flow is that the opportunity to invest in BE, which is not capital intensive, which may show up in different ways and that's where we talk about things like some significant growth platforms around acquisitions. So the future is, a way is out, but I would just tell you that's the way were thinking today, and Bruce, I dont know if youve got something to add to that?
R. Bruce McDonald: No, you covered it well.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Did I?
Stephen A. Roell: Yes. I think Bruces the only comment is would be the reinvestment ratios are where the rate that were looking at right now and targeting.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah, I think
Emmanuel Rosner  Credit Agricole Securities, Inc.: All right.
R. Bruce McDonald: And what youre really going to see here is, well, first of all, I guess, maybe the $1.8 billion was extraordinarily high. If you would go back and look at our historic level of investments in the backout of the last two or three years, youd find our average was less than $1 billion. So I wouldnt use the $1.8 billion as a benchmark. That was a peak. It peaked out in Auto and Alex has already talked about the facts were going to de-emphasize that, in this and as we get into 2014, we can take a little bit of a breather in Power Solutions, because weve got a little bit, weve kind of invested ahead of the curve in the lithium ion in China and AGM. so we dont need to sort of restart those capacities next year. And those are the ones as the market develops, those are the three things where you would see CapEx creep up. And then on the balance sheet side, maybe just to your first question, our target debt to equity, our debt to total cap ratio was in that 30% to 35%. so Steve touched on the fact what were going to do with the money when we get it. but our target leverage is in that 30% to 35% range. and so were focused on improving our operations here. we know, as I talked about in my comments that we got to re-earn our investors trust and we think were on the right track to do that. So were not going to do anything large here in the next few quarters, but we are going to start to put more emphasis on finding some M&A platforms to accelerate some growth in largely Building Efficiency business.
Emmanuel Rosner  Credit Agricole Securities, Inc.: All right, thanks a lot, I appreciate it.
Stephen A. Roell: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rod Lache from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open, sir.
Rod A. Lache  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, buddy, a couple of things. Firstly in Building Efficiency, could you talk a little bit more about what the drivers were of that $50 million increase in earnings by business line? in other words, what are you seeing in terms of Service, Systems, GWS, and how does that look going forward?
Stephen A. Roell: Sure. Hang on one second. What I would tell you is Service has been strong and it continues to be strong. even though were not seeing some of the top line that weve been hoping for and maybe some of this warm weather will help out, but Services has been incredibly strong. Our Systems continues to just hang in there, but its not having the kind of growth that its had in the past. GWS has actually grown and continues to grow and then Asia, I think those are the places and on the year-on-year basis, were seeing some benefit in Europe, but its for a pretty slow
R. Bruce McDonald: Slow based.
Stephen A. Roell:
 :
 :
Rod A. Lache  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So from an earnings perspective, you are saying that Service and the improvement in the GWS were the biggest driver of the $50 million year-over-year increase. Is that right?
Stephen A. Roell: Two of the biggest, yes.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah.
Stephen A. Roell:
 :
 :
 :
R. Bruce McDonald:
 :
Rod A. Lache  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then two housekeeping things, one is what's the revenue and EBITDA specifically associated with the HomeLink business just so that we can understand what's left? And the point of clarification, the 3% to 4% increase in price that you have in Power Solutions, how does that actually rollout? I understand there is some contractual limitations and maybe your contracts with OE versus aftermarket might be a little bit different?
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yes, let me take the pricing one first, this is Alex and then Ill let Bruce comment on HomeLink. I think that our announcement is in the rears of where weve already made the movements in the marketplace. So for the most part, were in pretty much control. So I would expect that all this would be in place within the quarter. And hopefully, most of it in the first part of the quarter, I dont think those are going to be a whole lot of lag on this. Where we had the biggest lag on any pricing weve done recently was when we introduced the new premiums for lead that was something that we did go back to the OEs and renegotiate. In this particular case, I dont really see much of a lag.
Stephen A. Roell: Last year, just as a comment Alex, like maybe comment last year, it moved up so quickly as we had hard time.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah.
Rod A. Lache  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Alex, thats global or is that just North America, the price increase?
Alex A. Molinaroli: Well, thats primarily North America, in the rest of the world that, well announce price increases, but for them, its a little less across the board at the way that we managed the North American business is unique. So I would consider that North American.
Rod A. Lache  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Stephen A. Roell: Yeah. And then Rob, your question in terms of Gentex, I mean, we  as part of our discussions and our agreement with Gentex, we have agreed jointly what were each going to say and we cant really say anymore, Id refer you to them to get the answer for that question.
Rod A. Lache  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Any color on whether its half your electronics or its close to I mean just general flavor for what you still have left?
Stephen A. Roell: I cant comment.
Alex A. Molinaroli: No.
Rod A. Lache  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Alex A. Molinaroli: What we typically do, relatively call and we have a transaction like this. We typically, when we close, well provide you more detail regarding what the gain is, what the book gain is, what the aftertax proceeds are, et cetera. So we typically do at the time we close.
Rod A. Lache  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Right.
R. Bruce McDonald: The only thing that I can tell you on that, there is  we expect very minimal tax leakage, so pre-tax is largely be a minimal tax charge, so no cash taxes.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Well, I would just make a side comment because everybody else is too polite not to say it is that just the lot of the noise has been out there in the media hasnt been helpful and hasn't been true. So I guess everything on the Internet is not true.
R. Bruce McDonald: We were referring to the general press.
Rod A. Lache  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks for the tip.
Operator: Thank you. I guess were now moving to you our next question. Our next question is from David Leiker from Baird. Sir, your line is open.
David Leiker  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Good morning, everyone.
Stephen A. Roell: Hi, David.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Hi, David.
David Leiker  Robert W. Baird & Co.: I wanted to try and dig to the battery base, particularly in North America, I mean, we got several quarters in row of weak demand and my mind there is three buckets behind it and if you could help clarify on where we stand and that's one market demand the number of vehicles on the road in the U.S. haven't grown for a while. The weather has been an issue. And is there an issue here with the batteries lasting longer than what, I mean, clearly theyre lasting longer than whats your warranty period, but is that an overbuilding issue that presents the margin opportunity for you and just kind of fill in some color along those issues?
Alex A. Molinaroli: I'm not sure I understood the last could you clarify the overbuilding part of that question?
David Leiker  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Yeah, you build a 48-month battery and it lasts 60 months, you put too much lead in it?
Alex A. Molinaroli: No, no, no, no, no. Well, weve never been guilty of putting too much lead in the battery.
David Leiker  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay
Alex A. Molinaroli: I still think it's been a weather related phenomenon. Now clearly batteries have become better and better and the systems in vehicles have become better and better as it relates to their own systems and the wear and tear that they have on batteries. That is all true, but what we're seeing here is a phenomenon that correlates geographically to weather. That doesnt mean that is not other factors. so eventually this will catch up. now there is some lag, if you go back in time when we had the downturn of the OE is  the OE downturn, there will be a bubble that we see and car registrations have been reasonably consistent in and out growing like weve seen in the past. But all of our models would say that we have pent-up demand. So I do still think its just a matter of when not if, we havent lost any share. and even if battery demand was being put off, eventually, we catch up to that.
David Leiker  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Great.
Stephen A. Roell: So its frustrating for you, its even more frustrating for us. Unfortunately, weve been out to offset that. weve grown in our OE business and that will be even more to come and weve secured a whole bunch of customers here recently. and were starting to secure some customers in North America and some larger retails. were not ready to talk about that yet. So were also gaining share. So I think well, if it continues well be able to compensate a bit for it with new customers, but were still planning for this volume to come.
David Leiker  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. And then just to follow-up on the battery, thanks for the numbers on the AGM, what portion of your shipments are AGM today, and has that shift happened enough to start to also become a margin driver?
Stephen A. Roell: In Europe, its a margin driver, overall, its not. because are still predominantly, thats a European number, and I guess what, I dont have those numbers in front of me. So Id be able to guess, lets get back to you. But its become a reasonably significant number in Europe, in the OE business. but otherwise its still on the margin. but its moving the numbers. Our European business is very healthy, and that has driven a lot by the AGM business. But I dont have those numbers right here.
David Leiker  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay, great. thank you very much.
Stephen A. Roell: Okay.
R. Bruce McDonald: Thanks, David.
Operator: Okay, thank you. Our next question is from Brett Hoselton from KeyBanc. Your line is open, sir.
Brett D. Hoselton  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning, gentlemen.
Stephen A. Roell: Hi, Brett.
R. Bruce McDonald: Hi, Brett.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Hi.
Brett D. Hoselton  KeyBanc Capital Markets: I was hoping you could just briefly talk about the European Automotive business. Two things; one, production outlook particularly curtailments or extensions of summer shutdowns in Europe, and then secondly, margin progression as we kind of move through the next year or two, what are your thoughts there?
Alex A. Molinaroli: Well, I can tell you from the fourth quarter, we dont and we would know by now, but we dont see any significant production interruptions as around people lease moving things around summer shutdown. And so, there is no risk there, we would already have that announcement planned for. Obviously, as you know in North America its kind of the opposite. There has been a several production increases, but those have been out for a while now. And so, I would say, like there always just, Brett, there is very little revenue risk quarter out in terms of our industry. So were not too worried about it. And then in terms of your question around the auto margin guidance, I guess, I prefer to wait on that one, I mean thats typically something that we share as our December timeframe. But we are on record, I would say and that we have given sort of trend line guidance in terms of the types of margins, the glide pass that we expect. And right now I wouldnt expect this is going to be materially different.
Brett D. Hoselton  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thank you very much, gentlemen.
Stephen A. Roell: Thank you.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Next question.
Operator: All right. Our next question is from Brian Johnson from Barclays. Sir, your line is open.
Brian Johnson  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning.
Stephen A. Roell: Hey, Brian
Alex A. Molinaroli: Hey, Brian
Brian Johnson  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Alex made a comment that I want to go back to with my main question that GWS standalone, the target is 5% margins. Want to get a sense when we think about the operating income, can we expect that similar kind of inflection or is in part you get the 5% by restructuring some of the pass-through revenues.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah, Im sorry, first question, the question we had obviously is whether or not we get there too restructuring some of the revenues, thats not what we are doing.
Brian Johnson  Barclays Capital, Inc.: No, no, no, no. Its of operational.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Okay, you are talking about pass-through versus. No, no, well, the first thing as Bruce pointed out, and I did say EBIT, that in segment income is probably 4%.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. I think we allocate (inaudible).
Alex A. Molinaroli: Pay for all of last year. But its 4% still significant improvement of what we have got. And it changed the entire complexion of the business, but that has nothing to do with change in how we report the numbers. It has everything to do with how we drive our operations. And so its very much a change program from an operational view point to leverage the scale that we have that in the past we have not been able to take advantage of scale meaning people and truck density and people density at our sites. So well have more information about that strategy probably in December, but its something that, thats been well thought out. We understand what we need to do and the teams already working that problem. So I think well start to see that stuff and were talking over two-year period to get that. so well start seeing the improvements over the next year.
Stephen A. Roell:
 :
Brian Johnson  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And thats probably answered my follow-up question, which is similarly on the  what kind of SG&A say, should we be thinking about from the consolidation within the North Americans three lines of businesses?
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah. I dont think we really have a number for that. I mean obviously, weve got, we set aside restructuring to help us streamline that business. But well provide more color on that as we move forward.
R. Bruce McDonald: But its a right question, Brian.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah.
Brian Johnson  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Stephen A. Roell: We have time for one more.
Operator: Okay, thank you. Sorry.
Stephen A. Roell: Yeah, last question here.
Operator: Okay, thank you. Our next question is from Colin Langan from UBS. Sir, your line is open.
Colin Langan  UBS Securities, LLC: Great, thanks for taking my question.
Stephen A. Roell: Hi.
Colin Langan  UBS Securities LLC: Can you just  you touched on that couple of questions earlier, but on the Auto Experience, can you talk about the margin progression sequentially from Q3 to Q4? I mean you took some restructuring action this quarter. Should we still see acceleration, because you commented I think on the general trend over time hasnt changed. But should we see some improvement again next quarter or is this sort of a restructuring is kind of down in?
R. Bruce McDonald: Colin, I know there is a huge improvement on a year-over-year basis. Q4 is typically a good quarter for us, even though we do have some business shutdown impact in Europe. So I dont have the  on the top of my head, I dont have the margins for Auto in Q4. But I know theyre up, but I dont know its up as much as we have it here in this quarter.
Colin Langan  UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And any color on the restructuring benefit. I mean, is that most of that done in Q3, I mean you took some more this quarter, so that would be really seeing into next years results?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah, yeah. The things that we took this quarter are definitely not 2013 items. And yeah, no, but as I said in my comments, were still gaining momentum in terms of restructuring. So there is more tailwind in Q4 than there was in Q3.
Colin Langan  UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then can you guys provide a little color on, you said there were some other charges in Auto Experience that sort of offset that gain, I mean any numbers around that would be helpful?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah, like $20 million. So the net of the two items like $9 million, say $0.01 a share that equates to. And like I said, the charge is related to litigation reserves and what weve seen there is an up tick in product liability losses. And it really has to do with the period on which the ROE customers were bankrupt. So pre-bankruptcy cases what you  I think and were not unique here, as what youre going to see is, suppliers and the OEs were generally standing shoulder-to-shoulder and when we had a product liability case, we generally paid a significantly lower amount than the OE. So we contributed to the settlement. Now, youve got cases where the OE is standing beside us, and were seeing sympathetic juries awarding large sums of money and were standing by ourselves. So I think youre going to see in the industry that trend sort of pick up. so we had some losses on that that were not normal. And then the other item that I talked about was just related to cost associated with our downsizing in South America. So in South America, weve talked about going from like 11 plans to three or four. and so theres some just some charges related to that downsizing.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Thats good.
Colin Langan  UBS Securities LLC: And the litigation reserves thats in your North America margins still even though its 7%?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah.
Colin Langan  UBS Securities LLC: All right, okay. Thank you very much.
Stephen A. Roell: Thanks, Colin.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Thanks, Colin. Thanks everybody for calling. Dave Urban and I are available of course, for the rest of the day for your follow-up questions. and Ill turn it over to Steve for some concluding comments.
Stephen A. Roell: Yeah, just real quick. Okay, I mean, I think we are very pleased with the quarter. As Bruce mentioned, I think we gained credibility back. but we understand weve got ways to go here. We got great momentum in our businesses, and I think the fact that we expect strong earnings across all three of our reported businesses. but really as we talked, some like responded to questions. it goes beyond that. Weve got good growth and good prospects into the subsets of all three. So we feel very good, because it is an awful lot of our legs. and thank you much for coming on and we look forward to the call at the end of Q4, and having a record year. Thank you very much.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-04-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen A. Roell - Chairman, President and CEO Alex A. Molinaroli - Vice Chairman R. Bruce McDonald - EVP and CFO Glen Ponczak - VP, Global Investor Relations
Analysts: Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley Brian Johnson - Barclays Capital Christopher Ceraso - Credit Suisse Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG John Murphy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Timothy Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Matthew T. Stover - Guggenheim Securities Joe Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co Ryan Brinkman - JP Morgan
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of todays conference call. (Operator Instructions) Todays conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this point. Now I will turn the meeting over to your host Mr. Glen Ponczak. Thank you. Sir, you may proceed.
Glen Ponczak: Thank you, Mica. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us. Before we start, I'd like to remind you about our forward-looking statements. Johnson Controls will be making statements in this presentation that are forward-looking and therefore are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements in this presentation other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this presentation, statements regarding future financial position, sales, costs, earnings, cash flows, other measures of results of operations, capital expenditures or debt levels and plans, objectives, outlook, target, guidance and goals are forward-looking statements. Words such as may, will, expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, believe, should, forecast, project or plan, or terms of similar meaning are also intended to identify forward-looking statements. Johnson Controls cautions that these statements are subject to numerous important risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors some of which are beyond the Companys control that could cause Johnson Controls actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include the strength of the U.S. or other economies, automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, availability of raw materials and component products, currency exchange rates and cancellation of or changes to commercial contracts, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of Johnson Controls most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2012, and Johnson Controls' subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Shareholders, potential investors and others should consider this factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements and should not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements included in this document are only made as of the date of this presentation and Johnson Controls assumes no obligation and disclaims any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this document. Id like to talk a little about our agenda that we have this morning before we get started. Our Chairman and CEO, Steve Roell, will give us an overview of the quarter and provide some market highlights. Afterwards Vice Chairman, Alex Molinaroli will talk about results for Power Solutions and Building Efficiency. Then Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce McDonald, will talk about our mode of experience and then provide a more detailed review of our financial results. And then we will do questions-and-answers until the top of the hour. And with that, I will turn it over to Steve.
Stephen A. Roell: Okay. Thank you, Glen. Well, good morning and thank you for joining us. As Glen mentioned, Im going to make some general comments about the business environment and our outlook and then Alex and Bruce will provide highlights on each of the business segments. Entering the quarter we had modest expectations for our growth due to the depressed economic conditions in Europe and the softness in the non-residential building market. And while growth was hard to define, I think there are some signs we can point you today that conditions are improving in our markets. Looking first at the automotive industry, North American industry production was up 1% on the strength of passenger cars, which were up 4% and they were offset by a slight decline in light trucks. Industry production was up 10% in China, consistent with our view that the market will have high single-digit growth at this fiscal year. As many of you know that follow the European automotive industry, it was a difficult quarter were production declined 8%. In terms of the near-term outlook for the auto industry, in Europe we expect the upcoming quarter to be down about 3% versus the 8% decline we encountered in this past quarter, comparisons continue to improve in the second half of the year in Europe, in fact by the fourth calendar quarter the current projections are that the build will be slightly higher than the prior-year. North American production will rebound with growth of 4.4% and 6.8% respectively in the upcoming third and fourth fiscal quarters. Then finally, China production will be up 9% in the next six month period consistent with the comment I made earlier about the prospects for the full fiscal year. Non-residential markets will improve over time. Some of you watched the recent AIA billing index and showing signs of recovering, and our pipeline activity in systems and solutions has accelerated over the last quarter. Our year-over-year comparisons for our backlog will improve throughout the remainder of the fiscal year, although admittedly we are dependant on the timing of several large solution contracts. Power solutions doesnt really see any unusual trends. We dont see anything unusual there in terms of inventory levels or stocking patterns, core prices have stabilized and therefore we expect a fairly predictable shipping pattern over the remainder of the fiscal year. So now turning to our second fiscal quarter sales of $10.4 billion were 1% lower than last year, FX accounting for that decline. Our European operations in automotive and building efficiency accounted for about another 400 basis point decline in revenues. This has been offset however by the power solutions in certain business -- building efficiency businesses. Segment income was $463 million in the quarter down from the $581 million a year ago. This was consistent with the expectations we provided in our January 2013 earnings conference call. The decline is associated with our automotive business segment which Bruce will address in his comments. And net income and EPS then reflects the decline in the segment income. Well based on the conversations weve had with our various businesses, recent forecast and the market outlook, were confirming our previous guidance range for EPS of $2.60 to $2.70 for the fiscal year, and in addition in our press release youll note that we confirmed  that were comfortable with the current sell-side consensus estimate for our third fiscal quarter. Last quarter I highlighted five factors that are key to our second half of the year, and I just want to review those  each of those with you. The first item is that we will benefit from the restructuring actions that we announced in the third and fourth fiscal quarters of fiscal 2012. If you recall, we took restructuring of $52 million back in Q3 of late last year and $245 million in Q4 and those benefits accelerate in the second half of our current fiscal year. The second item is the comparison for Power Solutions business which benefits from the avoidance of, if you recall the impact of high core cost last year of the inventories we had as well as the ramp up of our South Carolina Smelting Plant. The third item is our Building Efficiency group which will see higher margins as their cost containment efforts more than offset the impact of softer volume. If you recall Building Efficiency from a seasonal standpoint theres much higher volume in the second half and if you recall it was the second half of last year where we saw this significant margin improvements year-over-year, we expect that to be true again in this fiscal year. The fourth item was that we continue to see improvement in our South American and metals business in automotive. Weve taken some aggressive restructuring actions in South America with the closing of several facilities and in the metals operations the improvement is a combination of commercial negotiations, lower material cost, operational improvements, lower launch cost and lower SG&A in engineering. Now that may sound like a laundry list, but really those are the cost changes that we actually monitor and have been monitoring since the beginning of the fiscal year. And they probably  our efforts will probably be evenly distributed amongst that, so you can just assume the commercial negotiations, our operational benefits, our lower SG&A in engineering and our purchasing each of those contribute about 25% of the improvement in the third and fourth quarter. And last item that we have, which is simply the improvement in the European and stronger North American auto builds. So obviously for North American it's the higher build rates in the third and fourth quarter and in Europe it's the fact the declines are of less severe, the year-over-year comparisons are easier, okay. So those are the five items that we are confident that will provide the second half performance for us. So with that, Im going to turn it over to Alex, who will start going through the Power Solutions Business. Alex.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Okay. Thanks Steve, good morning. Power Solutions sales were up 10%, and if you adjust for FX and lead, sales were up 7% in the quarter. OE volumes were up 7%, and the aftermarket volumes globally were up 1%. The overall quarterly shipments were up 2% in the Americas, up 14% in Asia and it was offset -- those gains were offset by a weaker Europe. The results were favorably impacted by some strong operational performance and the ongoing benefits associated with our vertical integration or in-house lead recycling. Weve improved our pricing, and we also had a one-time favorable legal settlement in the quarter for $24 million. Just to make sure that you note that last year, we had a one-time gain of 9 million in the same quarter related to our joint venture transactions. Segment income was up to $221 million. That's 11% from $200 million in 2012. And if you normalize the results for the legal settlement and the prior year gain, the segment income was up 3%. Lead core prices remain elevated, but they're in line with what we expect. In the third quarter, we expect to see a favorable year-on-year comparison, because if you recall last year just about when we started seeing the high lead prices. Let's switch to building efficiency, which posted slightly higher earnings. And that's really despite some tough markets both in the institutional and construction markets which impacted the top line. For the quarter, sales were 3.5 billion. It's down 3%, down 2% if you adjust for FX. We saw revenue growth in North America Systems, it's up 2% but it was more than offset by weakness in Europe, Asia and our North American service business. Overall, at the end of the quarter, our unexecuted backlog was 4.9 billion. That's down 6% from a year ago, higher demand in Asia offset by our energy solutions, Europe and the Middle East. Order intake in the quarter was down 10%. Let me give you a rundown geographically; 12% in the Middle East, down 12% in Asia, down 10% in North America, down 13% in Europe and that's with one region Latin America up 5%. So overall it was a tough quarter for orders. I'll come back to that in just a minute. The segment income of 139% was 1% higher than 2012. That's 3% if you exclude the FX. The good news here is that year-over-year margins continue to increase by 10 basis points to 4%. Margin expansion in service and GWS were unfortunately offset by the market pressures that we're seeing at systems Asia and in Europe. Some of the positive signs we are seeing is our pipeline is increasing. Steve mentioned that in his comments earlier, and so we do see that although the backlog is under pressure, we do see orders picking up in the second -- our third and fourth quarter. With that, I'll turn it over to Bruce.
R. Bruce McDonald: Okay. Thanks Alex. Start on page 9 here in terms of auto experience, for the quarter or generally speaking our results were in line with our expectations. As some of the analysts' notes out there have reflected volumes on a global basis came in a little bit stronger than we had thought coming into the quarter, so we're pleased to see this sort of outlook in Europe stabilized and we feel pretty good about where we're headed here in Q3 and our Q4 to start to see some sequential improvements. On the upside that we got from extra volume however was offset by a payment that we had to make to exit a distressed supplier which I'll comment on later. So just looking at revenues, we were down about 3%. That's the same with or without exchange. In terms of seating, we were down %, interiors down 3%, electronics business our sales were down 13%. That business was much more heavily exposed to Europe and in particular to some of the French OEs, so that business was overexposed to a weaker part of the market. Look at geographic, sales versus the production levels, North America were up 7% versus the 1% increase in the market, so good over performance there. In terms of Europe, we were down 11% versus the market being down 8%. If you sort of peel that back a little bit of underperformance that we had, what you would see in there is it's really attributable to our interiors and electronics business. Electronics being more heavily exposed to the French customers and also our exposure to Volvo, which had a weak revenue quarter for us. In terms of China, we continue to see very strong momentum here. Look at our sales in the quarter and I'm talking about both non-consolidated and consolidated, up about 31% on a year-over-year basis to 1.3 billion and we think that compares to passenger car production being up about 10%. In terms of segment income you'll see we had a down 58%, to just a $103 million. Main issue here obviously being a lower level of profitability of our European business where we continue to struggle with some operational difficulties and lower production volumes. Couple of things I may be sort to point out in here. If you look at the last quarter call, we talked about delays in our restructuring programs in Europe, not unplanned delays, but just the time it was taken to sort of get heads out. If you look at where were in an overall restructuring basis, we got about 45% of our heads that weve targeted to take out in Europe, the headcount on a year-to-date basis its down about 2,000 heads. So were generally pleased to see how were doing in terms of taking the actions that we committed to. And then if you look at some of our leading launch indicators, we probably in better shape and weve been in a long, long time. So, pretty comfortable that the initiatives that Steve referred to that were tracking in our metals business are going to produce sustainable results were looking for here, were not going to slip back with some problematic launches that we have in the pipeline. Couple of things Id  also note in the quarter, if you look at automotive we had higher engineering and launch cost. Thats not really a full-year issue for us, but in the quarter its more of a timing how it faces out, that was about $17 million and we also have these distressed supplier costs about $22 million in the quarter, most of which was in our North American business. Looking at margins, about 1.9% or 240 basis points lower than last year. Looking at our margins on a geographic basis, what you would see is North America we came in at 5% versus a 6% level last year, if you were to adjust it for the non-recurrence in these distressed supplier charge, wed be coming around 5.8% versus that 6%. Europe, we had a loss of $74 million, that represents a $31 million sequential improvement versus last year, but its a $100 million deterioration versus where we were in the second quarter of last year and lastly Asia margins about 9.9% versus 13% last year. Turning to the financials here, you will  you note that in our press release we talked about three non-recurring items, which in aggregate resulted in a net charge of $21 million. And in the comments that Alex just gave, we sort of talk through our  the business results excluding those, but maybe just highlight what those were we  three items as we referred to, one was a gain on the consolidation of an automotive joint venture in India. We had incremental restructuring charges which were targeted at our South America seating business, our European interiors business. We want to do more to get those businesses to a breakeven level quicker. And we took a non-cash charge to set up some tax valuations allowance against some of our operations in Brazil and Germany. In the prior-year we also had a few non-operational items that we talked about in terms of an act on EPS, however they offset one another. So backing all those charges and talk into the columns excluding items here, we can see our revenues were down about 1%, foreign exchange generally speaking had very little impact on in terms of our top line. In terms of our gross profit we were down about 40 basis points on a year-over-year basis. What we sort of saw in there as we did see stronger margins in both Power Solutions and Building Efficiency, though these were largely offset by deterioration in our margins in our auto business in Europe. In terms of SG&A, see SG&A level was up about 4%, about half of that is the distressed supplier payments. The rest of the increase would be around investments that were making at innovation and some of the infrastructure in that emerging markets. Equity income you see down, both $13 million year-over-year and you recall and as Alex comment, we had $9 million one-time gain in prior years level. So generally speaking equity income is kind of inline with what it was last year and you can see our segment income margins at 4.4% were down about 110 basis points versus year-ago levels. In terms of our net financing charges, they tipped up a little bit, $66 million, was 3 million higher than last year really reflecting just a little bit higher level of overall average debt levels. Tax rate in the quarter when you adjust out for the one-time items was in line with our guidance of 20% and consistent with last year. And then in terms of income attributable to non-controlling interest of lower charges, as we've talked about for the last two or three quarters, that really reflects the buyout of our minority partner in plastic that we did in the third quarter of last year. So we have one more sort of quarter of favorable year-over-year comps on this line and it will start to normalize out for us. A few comments before we open it up for questions. I guess I'd just like to summarize some of the key messages and sort of reflect back on the quarter. So for us, Q2 really represents an inflection point. It was a tough first half of the year in terms of the year-over-year comps. We're pleased with the progress that we've made in terms of our restructuring and so pleased  we've sort of announced some other actions in Brazil and in European interiors. So we feel good about that. We confirm in our guidance here of 260 to 270 for the year and we're introducing  comfortable with that third quarter analysts' consensus estimate of $0.75. Reasons why I think we feel so confident in terms of our outlook here in the second half is when you sort of look at it, it's really  it's going to be influenced by things that we have 100% control internally on. So we're not counting on any uptick in the back half of the year in terms of our markets. The restructuring initiatives that we need to pay dividends for us in the second half, we're tracking those closely and they're on track. If you look at our European automotive business, it's still not obviously where we like it to be but we are seeing good momentum on a monthly basis and as I referred to in the comments here, we made a $31 million improvement a quarter. We're pretty confident in terms of our outlook that we'll be able to get our European auto business to a breakeven level by the end of this year. Look at our balance sheet, again significant year-to-date improvement in terms of our free cash flow. We've taken down our CapEx outlook. It's going to be about $1.2 billion. We've got some targeted working capital actions that we're implementing here. So if you look at between now and the end of the year, we expect to see about $1 billion reduction in net debt before we end the year. In addition to that, we're making good progress in terms of the divestiture of our electronics business. We're in the very early stages of that process. We do have multiple expressions of interest from several strategic buyers. We're not really going to comment a lot more about that, but in thinking about the next three to four months, we ought to be in a position where we can provide a little bit more clarity around what's going on there. So with that, Glen I'll turn it over to you to open it up for questions.
Glen Ponczak: Great. Thanks, Bruce. Mica, we're ready to take the questions here. I've just been told that there's a lot of folks in the queue here wanting to ask questions, so would like to ask you to limit your questions to one and a follow-up at most. And I think everybody who's calling are professional financial analysts and you're good with numbers, so the number to think of is one. With that Mica, we'll take some questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question is from Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley: Thanks. Good morning. I wouldn't want to incur Glen's wrath so I'll keep it strictly one. Steve or Alex, can you elaborate a little more on the decision to divest or potentially explore the divestiture of automotive electronics? I thought you actually sounded pretty enthusiastic about the opportunities in that business at your Analyst Day in December, so what changed there and also what does that mean for some of the other businesses that you have that you may potentially consider non-core? Thanks.
Stephen A. Roell: Sure. I think we'll leave our discussions specifically, Ravi, to electronics. I think we had a meeting in the September timeframe where we talked about looking at our  we just completed our strategic reviews of our businesses with the Board and we had concluded that two things. One is if you recall even at the management meeting or the analyst meeting we had in December, I think it was pretty well recognized that that we're a niche player in the industry and that in order to participate in a bigger way and sustain that business we were going to have to make investments in navigation and other types of technologies. And we just had to make a decision whether or not that was the business we wanted to allocate capital to. And we concluded at that point in time that there were other opportunities for us in other businesses that we felt were better long-term bets where we had leadership positions. And so really the decision was to pursue that divestiture for purposes of being able to use that capital for other business growth opportunities and really a decision that we would not invest in electronics and maintain a niche position. It's really that straightforward, Ravi.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Brian Johnson of Barclays. Your line is open.
Brian Johnson - Barclays Capital: Good morning. So sort of continuing on that theme, are there other areas of automotive in particular the interiors business, it looks the market reacted very positively when there was a mistaken leak that, that would be for sale or would be upper and then sort of retreated when it looked like electronics. I understand youre thinking electronics, but interiors doesnt seem like particularly a business that has a lot of scale advantages, it doesnt seem to have any interesting technologies doesnt tie to your broader themes of energy efficiency in you other business units. So, do you have any kind of thinking on that?
Stephen A. Roell: Yeah, let  Alex and Ill talk. Alex, go ahead.
Alex A. Molinaroli: So I think if I remember that day that the market responded interiors retreated and then it responded positively to electronics if I recall, and I think that it's a fair observation. The best thing that we can say at this point is what we talked about electronics is that were looking at everything, but the decision for electronics I think the way Steve described that is we cant afford to invest in everything to be a winner in everything and electronics decision was made based off of that. So, I dont think we really want to comment on anything were going to do in the future, but just to let you know that as weve talked about it as we recognized that we have strong positions and lots of opportunity and we need to make sure we invest in those opportunities.
Brian Johnson - Barclays Capital: And in terms of the proceeds, would you see that going into organic acquisitions or dividends or share repurchases?
Stephen A. Roell: From my standpoint, I guess weve targeted some potential acquisitions but they would be  they had still a long ways to be determined yet, okay. So initially we probably would use it to pay down some of our debt, but we probably we then look to augment some of the investments were going to make in other businesses, okay. If I could just go back to the interiors comment, two things happened, Brian to be honest with you. One was the fact that the information that was out there was really inaccurate regarding the amount of proceeds and the market reaction it just was real, I wouldnt put a lot of credence on how the market reacted based on proceeds people felt we can get from that business or anything else. But that business has a lot of opportunity for us too in terms of our  we have seen our ability to engage with customers and what we can do in total interiors with them. Some of our interior designs, theres some real value in that business in terms of customer relation. So, I wouldnt speculate that, thats on our list right now.
Stephen A. Roell:
Brian Johnson - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Chris Ceraso of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Christopher Ceraso - Credit Suisse: Thanks, good morning. Bruce, I was wondering if you could take us through maybe a somewhat more detailed bridge for the automotive business where revenues were down $180 million, but EBIT was down $130 million, you highlighted the supplier payment which was $20 million and a couple of other items, a normal decremental margin on that lost revenue was maybe $40 million or $50 million worth. So how do you plug the rest of the gap? Can you give us some big buckets, how much is South America? How much is metals? How much is launch cost et cetera, so we can think about how and when those items diminish and profitability starts to get better?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah, well theres a lot in there, but I guess like I said -- I mean just to sort of quantify, about $22 million was distressed supplier, one the launch and engineering is a $17 million. So, lets say theres nearly $40 of the reduction. And then I think if you were to look at our metals business in the quarter we still, it's still a -- not much of an improvement. In fact I think if you look at the overall level of profitability there it would be down slightly. Like you said, if you look at our profitability in electronics negatively impacted by some of the investments that we're making in infotainment. But I think maybe just to sort of help you out, volume was probably worked maybe 35 million, pricing on the year-over-year basis worked maybe 30 million and I think the other thing that I touched on would sort of bridge that.
Christopher Ceraso - Credit Suisse: Okay.
R. Bruce McDonald: I think, Chris, there's a lot of moving pieces here so I think maybe what we can do is set up a time and Glen and I can get on the phone. Maybe we can spend a little bit more time and maybe you can probably ask me five more follow-ups on that.
Christopher Ceraso - Credit Suisse: Yeah, probably. Okay, but I'll let that go.
Stephen A. Roell: Okay. Thanks, Chris.
Christopher Ceraso - Credit Suisse: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Rod Lache, Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG: Good morning, everyone. In that automotive experience business, could you talk a little bit about what we should see as we moved into the June quarter? Was there around $60 million maybe of non-qualifying restructuring in the fiscal second quarter that goes away, was that distressed supplier issue a one-timer in that engineering thing unusual? I assume you're going to get a disproportionate amount of that 200 million of cost savings in the back half?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah, that's right, Rod. I think I'm not sure I'll answer them all, in terms of the distressed supplier payment, that was a one-time event. So that is not  I mean not to say we don't have charges, but if you  I would say on average that number maybe 4 million or 5 million a quarter, so it's exceptionally high with one large amount in the quarter. So that's non-recurring. The restructuring item that you referred to, like we said on the [call] [ph], generally speaking it's right in line with what we were expecting for that. That's very consistent with what I think we told you in Q1. The benefits are going to start to flow through like you said, a couple of 100 million is in the annualized number, so it gets some good leverage in the back half of the year. Just to be a little more specific if you look at the European profitability that we're looking for, in Q1 it was 105 million loss here. In the second quarter, we were at 74 million. That number we're anticipating for the third quarter here should be in that 30 million-ish range it'd be sort of where we see that and get into a breakeven in the fourth quarter.
Stephen A. Roell: The only thing I can add, Bruce, is that engineering will continue higher in the third quarter and then by the time we get to the fourth, it looks pretty cut flat to the prior year, okay.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, thank you. And just my second question is a clarification on power solutions. Did you say that the volume was up 7% but the earnings were up 3% ex the settlement? I'm not sure if I misheard that?
R. Bruce McDonald: That sounds right.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And why would you not be getting the operating leverage on the additional volume.
R. Bruce McDonald: I think that where the volumes are increasing as in Asia and our fixed cost structure is higher there as we ramp up.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. But shouldn't there be some savings from the smelter and some of the other actions that you were taking to mitigate that.
Stephen A. Roell: Yeah. So we're starting to see that. The smelter will ramp up through the summer, so we should start seeing more and more favorability, but that's sort of where the offsets were.
R. Bruce McDonald: I think Rod what you'll see is in Q3, you'll see the margins pop up here in power.
Stephen A. Roell: Particularly with pricing and everything else that takes place, so we're expecting power to be a big contributor to our third and fourth quarter.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. All right, thank you.
Stephen A. Roell: Thanks, Rod.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Murphy, Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
John Murphy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning, guys. To keep it one question, I just wanted to focus on Europe and just get your thoughts as we look at that  through that improvement sequentially that you're looking at in your losses to breakeven by the end of the year, I'm just curious as we think about that, how much of that is coming from stabilization and a potential recovery in volumes and how much of it is your internal actions? I'm just trying to really gauge what's micro versus macro in the improvement? And really the crux of the question is there is such risk to the downside in European volumes and maybe another 10%, I just kind of want to understand the sensitivity there, to that potential risk?
Stephen A. Roell: Yeah. Well, I would say by far the majority of what we're projecting for the third and fourth quarter comes from our internal actions and not from volumes. If I look at the current projections that we have for our Q3, were still expecting as I mentioned, Europe to be down about 3% year-over-year. Now you can take that range going to be down 10, but far John the majority of our improvement year-over-year is coming from the actions I described to you. Our commercial negotiations which, if you want to translate that, thats getting paid for our engineering changes, it's our purchasing initiatives and moving our tools use, its a function of our launch cost and our efficiency in our manufacturing operations and its lower SG&A as we get into that fourth quarter, particularly from engineering
R. Bruce McDonald: And the restructuring.
Stephen A. Roell: ... and the restructuring benefit, yeah.
John Murphy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And youve identified all the actions that you think you need to take even if volume were weaker, would there be incremental actions that you could take in response to potentially weaker volumes?
Stephen A. Roell: Theres some, but I wouldnt want to say I could cover a full 10%. If its down 10%, John I would have  if we got some exposure we have to run hard at, okay?
John Murphy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, absolutely. But would there be more opportunities to maybe structurally shift the business further East or take other restructuring actions it might set you up better for the long-term?
Stephen A. Roell: Not in a quarters timeframe. Longer term, but not in a quarter, it cant move in that quick, okay?
John Murphy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Stephen A. Roell: Okay.
John Murphy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you. Thanks a lot.
R. Bruce McDonald: I think one thing thats worth commending on though is, if you look at the European production levels if it were to go down another 10% in the back half, I think we have to sort of step back and think when are they coming back because were already at sort of 20, 25 year lows here in terms of volume and were not going to incur several $100 million of cost to take some actions that were going to regret when the volume start to bounce back here a little bit. So, I think Im more optimistic that were starting to see the bottom and Id be -- maybe I will be proven wrong, but I would be surprised to see it down that level.
Stephen A. Roell: Hey Mica?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tim Denoyer of Wolfe Trahan. Your line is open.
Timothy Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Hi. Good morning.
Stephen A. Roell: Good morning, Tim.
R. Bruce McDonald: Hi, Tim.
Timothy Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Good morning. Just wanted to ask about the competitive dynamics in the U.S. battery market, Im wondering if youre seeing any changes based on some competitive issues, especially as it relates to the market share and prices for lead cores?
Stephen A. Roell:
 :
Timothy Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And did it -- sorry, just one quick follow-up on that, did the spring -- the late spring helped, end it with pretty lean inventories the prior quarter?
Alex A. Molinaroli: Well, inventories are more  I would put it as more normal. So theyre lower than they were a year-ago. Id put it at a more normal level, what the inventories are in the channel.
Stephen A. Roell: Were just talking really about lawn and garden, so that will all recover itself here as the spring unfolds in the quarter, okay.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Eventually that will happen.
Stephen A. Roell: Yeah.
Timothy Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Rich Kwas of Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Stephen A. Roell: Hi. Good morning, Rich.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Switching gears on to Building Efficiency, so orders down pretty much across the board regionally speaking and somewhat similar to last quarter. I noticed the seasonal pickup in the second half, but doesn't this kind of indicate that the growth rate is going to come in a bit as we move through the next few quarters and I know youre going to give your 14 outlook six months from now or there about, but what do you  in terms of growth rate for 14 it just seemed like its going to have to be more modest, so Im just curious on your thoughts here given the order rates of the decline for two quarters in a row?
Stephen A. Roell: Yeah, my guess is what we will see, Rich if I had to play out the quarters, I think you will see a backlog recover here in between now and the end of the year. And that will be driven though as I mentioned by what we see in the pipeline. And so that will come primarily from two areas. It will come from systems work in North America, it will come from Asia and to a greater extend maybe even the Solutions Business that we see the pipeline picking up. So I think our volume issue is really one right now that weve got to address in terms of our cost containment for the remainder of this fiscal year. Then I think we need to check back and see where our backlog ends up at the end of this calendar  this fiscal year relative to 2014 and that will dictate it. But I do think what Steve and Alex are working on is making sure that we go in with a fairly conservative view of our cost structure into '14 until we get a better view of that. But what we do like is the fact that and I can just tell you our systems pipeline's up about 10% and our solution's up 20%. And we're seeing good growth across a lot of verticals. So that makes us feel good. We're doing good things in Asia. We don't expect much from Europe. So that's sort of how we see the [lamp]. But I would say that '14 will be based on what kind of orders and backlog we have at the end of the next few quarters.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And just a quick follow-up on the federal government state governing, what are you seeing early read on sequester and impact on the business at all?
Alex A. Molinaroli: That's good questions, Alex. So first I'll reinforce what Steve said. I think the business has done a great job of managing costs and they have to continue that because we're at the  what I think is going to be the low point of our backlog. We'll see if I'm right, but the order intake should pick up as the pipeline in some of our segments has historically high levels but the backlog is under a lot of stress. So hopefully that picks up over the next few months. But one caveat and I'm glad you're asking is we're not sure what the sequester might mean as it relates to funding. We haven't seen anything yet, but that will show up probably late in our fiscal year to find out if there is any ramifications. Our customers aren't telling us that there are, but we're trying to make sure we understand that. So that's a good question. Right now, we don't see an impact.
Stephen A. Roell: As we've said that the federal backlog is one of our strongest movers right now.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah, the federal and state actually.
Richard Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, thanks. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Joe Spak of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open, sir.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I just want to get back to the statement made about comfortable with third quarter estimates and really the reiteration of the full year guidance. Is there any shift internally between the segments and the reason I ask is if you look at auto or seating per se, seating more specifically, you did about 2.3% margins in the first half and to hit the full year number that you initially got it to, it seems like something over 6% in the back half which even if you add up all the factors, you mentioned it seems a little bit aggressive. So I'm wondering if you guys internally have shifted expectations between the segments for the year?
R. Bruce McDonald: Not really. I'm not sure I'd agree with that mass, so maybe we have to take that offline. But I think if you look at  just talk about going from Q2 to 3, I think we have a significant step up in building efficiency. That is very much in line with our historical pattern in terms of the seasonality. It's sort of high margin as our service business starts t pick up when people initially turn their [air-conditioning on]. We see a big ramp up of Q2 to Q3 in terms of building efficiency. I touched on some of the issues earlier in terms of pickup that we expect to see in auto and Europe in particular. And we also expect, like I said to see margins pick up strongly in power solutions here in the third quarter.
Stephen A. Roell: I can't add much more. I guess I would tell you if you had to look at business and say where are we dependant in terms of improvement, clearly it's -- year-over-year it's automotive. I think that we should say BE, we expect improvement, but that  we also had the seasonal factor that comes in the BE. It's just a bigger contributor in the second half of the year.
R. Bruce McDonald: I guess our residential business too picks up.
Stephen A. Roell: picks up too, yeah. I guess those are the two factors, but that's probably the only color I can provide you.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets: All right. And then just quickly on the quarter, you mentioned Asia margins 10%. I think under the old report, if you look back at the old reporting structure, that's down about 300 basis points from last year. Is there anything specific in the quarter out of Asia?
R. Bruce McDonald: No, it's really just the  we are down about 300 basis points in the quarter. It's just  as you know, that's where our equity income flows through and it's just timing of investments. Right now, if you look at kind of  a couple of our biggest joint ventures that are opening up several new plants in the west and so it's just sort of start-up costs of new facilities to come underneath the growth.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Pat Archambault of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs: Yeah, thank you very much. My main question is more I guess, just on the industry side, and forgive me if youve said this, but you kind of have a constructive tone on the European market stabilizing. You had obviously the retail auto sales numbers have been pretty weak. Can you just tell us a little bit more about what youre seeing in terms of near term production schedules at some of your big customers there and Id be also particularly interested in your views of inventory, because if it's coming in better but the demand is worse, one would think that there might be some de-stocking to deal with into the back half sometimes, so just your views on that would be great.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah, Ill take this one, it's Bruce. I think we dont have as reliable information in terms of what sort of in the dealer inventories and things like that in Europe as we also do here in North America, but I think -- Ive seen a couple of research reports that would suggest a fairly significant amount of inventory thats come out of the channel, it's hard to say. But I think we feel pretty comfortable that with once you look at our schedules which generally are pretty firm for like the next four to six weeks, so we could say half, but were sort of already a month into the quarter and we have pretty good visibility in the next four to six weeks. I would tell you right now we see very little downside to the quarter. I think if you look at how the OEs have tended to flex and if sort of things weaken up it would be around taking some more time out around the shutdowns which would be kind of into our fourth quarter. So I think when we -- again to our confidence here in the third quarter month of it early in the bag and we got pretty good visibility here, so we dont see a lot of downside risk for the current quarter and were just happening to keep our eye on whether any of our customers extend some of the shutdown timeframes. And thats in Europe, I guess I would flip that and say on the other hand in North America our customers are asking us -- some of our customers are asking the supply base about shortening the summer shutdown. So, I think we maybe talked about some of the risk in Europe but I think in North America there is some offsets.
Stephen A. Roell: Maybe (indiscernible) and I mentioned the fact that the Q2 lower level from the first quarter is, going from a 8% decline to about a 3% decline, but the absolute production levels were about 4.8 million units for both periods, so were not anticipating any significant recovery. And then of course in Q3 we had the shutdown period. So were only projecting about 4.2 and thats consistent with our (indiscernible). As Bruce mentioned, were well into this queue with our build, so we feel comfortable that those numbers are reasonable.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thats very helpful. If I could just one housekeeping one on building efficiency. Can you just remind us in terms of the timeframe that both orders and backlog typically get translated into revenue?
R. Bruce McDonald: Okay. Well, I would say that backlog today, about 40% to 50% of that will flow this year. So when you talk about our backlog, when you look and it's skewed depending on what your solutions backlog theyre larger projects. So if you look at what we have to work with for the remainder of the year, for the most part we can see it. We will be determined to get some orders here in the third quarter in order to finish the year out, so the orders in the third quarter are important for the rest of the fiscal year. And then if you look going into next year I think when Steve talked about going into next year as the sales increase in our fourth quarter it will put a little bit of pressure in the first half of the year, but those -- because those orders will flow second and third quarter next year.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs: Okay, guys. Thank you very much. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Sponheimer of Gabelli & Company. Your line is open.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my call. Just want to spend a second on the balance sheet looking at around 6.2 billion in that debt right now targeting 5.2 towards the back half  at September 30. Obviously CapEx is about 200 million of that. Talk about some of the levers that you can pull and where you expect that incremental $800 million to come from?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah, I think if you sort of want to do a high level bridge there, I think our earnings in the second half versus the first half is a big chunk. It's probably 40% of it. If you look at our net working capital outflow on a year-to-date basis, I think it's around  nearly 400 million. And within that what you would see if we typically have an outflow in the first half of the year associated with a lot of setup compensation and sales commission plans as well as some contributions to like our defined contribution employee plans. So those flipped from being uses of cash in Q1 to sources in the second half of the year. And then we've probably got, I'd say about $100 million of receivables that we didn't collect in the second quarter. That would be to name two specific issues, one was Good Friday was the last sort of day of the quarter, so we had a couple of customers that we were expecting the payment and we didn't get [receipted] and we had a few of our Japanese customers which have a March 31 year end kind of withheld payments from us. And then I guess the last thing would be we've got a couple $100 million and we've talked about this before of overdue VAT receivables, some indirect taxes that we're starting to make some good progress and I think we can bring most of that in, in the second half. So those would be sort of the main drivers.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. And then just switching gears real quick. If I'm thinking about energy prices and how it relates to building efficiency, if we start to see oil come down a little bit more here, would that be a net benefit for you with some of your customers becoming a little more cash flow positive or should we think about the other way that high energy prices means that Johnson Controls becomes more valuable as a solutions provider?
Stephen A. Roell: Just to make sure we're talking about electricity, not gasoline prices, okay.
R. Bruce McDonald: Look, if you're talking energy prices, I think that it's  if you believe that energy prices are going to continue on the long haul to increase, I think that's the way our customers view the world. Most of our customers are looking at assets that are long life assets and a lot of the paybacks are also for deferred maintenance programs. So I'm not sure it will have a meaningful effect. I'd be more concerned about interest rates.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Matthew Stover of Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Matthew T. Stover - Guggenheim Securities: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to see if you can give us a little bit more color about what it is that you see driving the margin outlook for power systems in the second half, there's significant volume reduction, there's mix, there's some price and there's some core cost impact, but if you can kind of scope some of those things, it'd be helpful? Thank you.
R. Bruce McDonald: So I don't know if I can give you the dollar versions, but what I'll do is give you the things to be looking for. First off, we're going to see the benefits of the Florence Recycling Center. It's been something that we  as we ramp up, we're getting some benefits but we'll also have start up cost that we've had in the first part of the year. The second thing that's going to be very important is a year ago, we put some pricing in place, we're going to see that benefit of the pricing over the summer and we also have more pricing that's going to go in play in July. We've notified our customers about a 3% to 4% pricing increase across North America. So those things are significant. Our operational improvements have continued, our China operation is also getting up to scale in operations. So all these things added together along with more and more AGM coverage in Europe add up to the numbers. So the volumes  if the volumes happen, I feel pretty comfortable about our forecast.
Stephen A. Roell: The only thing I can add to that is the core  last year we had the core imbalance that we had and
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah, so the core costs are still high but one of the problems we had is that we were out of balance ourselves as it relates to our core inventories and we've been able to get that more in line with normal  that was a cost that we had last year that we hadn't incurred in the past.
Matthew T. Stover - Guggenheim Securities: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Leiker of Baird. Your line is open.
Joe Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co: Hi. Good morning. This is Joe on the line for David.
Stephen A. Roell: Hi Joe.
Joe Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co: May be just a little more generally or broadly looking at Building Efficiency, youve really seen you go out and say were going to not do these things to improve margin, its follow through whats the margin improvement Building has been able to post. Where are you may be in terms of like a baseball now, since we are in that season and in terms of innings into ticketing the improvement or is it the type of thing were you the pricing gains, the cost reductions carry through year-end and then youre sort of more at a normalized level for that business?
Alex A. Molinaroli: Great question. I think that this was  so let's just say that this is a baseball game and maybe the first game is over but this is a double-header. And I think we have more opportunity. So, there is a lot of programs that BE group has been looking at both in North America and across the world, some of them are structural and some of them are pricing. I think we're going to see more and more of that. We have opportunities, it will come in small chunks, and little chunks, but I think that we're pretty excited about the opportunities we have in front of us in different ways in order to solve some of the current problems or the problems that we have with our customers that have had over the last few years. So I'm pretty confident that we're going to find more opportunities. I think we have more opportunities than we have heartbeats to go get them.
Stephen A. Roell: I think the other thing we got to mention with Joe is also weve got opportunities to invest in areas that we want to really drive future value with our customers in terms of product technology. So thats the tradeoff that weve got is making sure we can sustain those investments and at the same time, continue to ratchet down our cost structure, but weve still got  as Alex mentioned, we got lots of room.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah, and I actually think they go hand in hand. So there's good opportunity there.
Joe Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co: And if I can ask a quick follow-up, youve always talked about that business being 8.5% margin business, is the pricing sticking or any of these things maybe coming in faster than you were expected? I know the 8.5% kind of has allusive end date associated with that.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Well, I dont know that  I dont know there is an end date. I think that there is plenty of opportunity, a lot of that has to do with the mix of our business and how the  and how thats going to -- how were going to make investments in the future, but I think that all of the targets we put in place are realistic.
R. Bruce McDonald: And Joe, just to clarify, our objective in this business is to get to a 10% without GWS. It's the way we've always phrased it, okay? Thats just to clarify that. And I think to Alexs point, part of this cost structure a lot of it just growth and pricing, I mean I think weve got opportunities in the service area to grow. We know weve got some opportunities in our cost structure. So the margin improvements that you should see in the second half or it should be dramatic and help drive another step towards that improvement longer term, okay.
Joe Vruwink - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Great. Thank you.
R. Bruce McDonald: And we have time for one more.
Operator: Okay, thank you. Our next question is from Ryan Brinkman of JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Ryan Brinkman - JP Morgan: Hi, great. Thanks for squeezing me in.
R. Bruce McDonald: Hi, Ryan.
Ryan Brinkman - JP Morgan: Youve touched on Europe a few times already, just throughout the Q&A here, but I am curious if theres a level of European light vehicle production that youre preparing the European business for through your restructuring program. Do you have a sense of what the threshold of production is necessary now for the automotive business to breakeven in Europe, and what might that threshold become after the restructuring program?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah, Ryan I would say that -- I would tell you that our business is sized to be profitable at the current level. Our issue is really the internal challenges that we talked about before. It's a lot of things that were doing to drive the improvements in the metals operation that Steve talked about. Our challenge that we have in interiors isnt really so much around volume, it's around -- were overly exposed to Western European for manufacturing perspective rather than Eastern Europe in where some of our competitors are and that sort of set the market price. So, I wouldnt really look at it like, we have a footprint thats sized to breakeven at a level thats higher than a market. I think most of the issues are around our operational performance, some product lines that were looking to exit and things like that.
Ryan Brinkman - JP Morgan: Okay.
Stephen A. Roell: I think Bruce made a comment earlier to  if you go back  kind of the fact that we're already at 20-year lows here, okay. And so I think we recognize that we'll take steps as our customers take steps and we know that some of those are coming, but I don't think there's a big structural issue here that we have to deal with relative to the fact that we need the plan for the production going much lower. I mean right now, we've got our Western Europe production and on a calendar year  on the calendar year, it's 20 million units. And that's still below 12.6 last year. So I think to Bruce's comment, I think we have hit bottom, I think we can plan for whole lot lower. I don't think that's not a sustained level that we'll see Europe drop to, okay?
R. Bruce McDonald: It wouldn't be like  like you sort of read the industry comments about capacity utilization in Europe for the industry at the OE level being at the 50% or 60%. We wouldn't be like that at all.
Ryan Brinkman - JP Morgan: Yeah. I appreciate the color. Thanks a lot.
Glen Ponczak: Great. Thanks a lot. Folks we'll be  Dave and I will be available through the balance of the day. Thanks for calling. Steve, is there any concluding comments?
Stephen A. Roell: No, I think that's  I think the way to view this quarter is Bruce used and stayed with and talked about the fact that I do think we have a point of reflection here and I do believe that we feel that internally, and I think that a lot of it is within our control as he also mentioned. So I think that this is just a function of our execution in the second half and hopefully by the time we meet at the end of the quarter, we'll be talking about our improved backlogs in BE and the fact that we'll start seeing some recovery in our end markets, okay.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Thanks everybody.
R. Bruce McDonald: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-01-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Ponczak Stephen A. Roell - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee R. Bruce McDonald - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the conference over to Glen Ponczak. Sir, you may begin.
Glen Ponczak: Well, thank you, Mary Ann. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. Before we start here, I'd like to remind you of our forward-looking statement comments. We will make statements in this presentation that are forward-looking and therefore, are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements in this presentation other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this presentation, statements regarding future financial position, sales, costs, earnings, cash flows, other measures of results of operations, capital expenditures or debt levels and plans, objectives, outlook, targets guidance and goals are forward-looking statements. Words such as may, will, expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, believe, should, forecast, project or plan, or terms of similar meaning are also generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Johnson Controls cautions that these statements are subject to numerous important risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors some of which are beyond the company's control that could cause Johnson Controls' actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include the strength of the U.S. or other economies, automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, availability of raw materials and component products, currency exchange rates and cancellation of or changes to commercial contracts, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of Johnson Controls' most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2012, and Johnson Controls' subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Shareholders, potential investors and others should consider this factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements and should not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements included in this document are only made as of the date of this presentation and Johnson Controls assumes no obligation and disclaims any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this document. Talk a little about agenda here before we get started. Steve will give us an overview of the quarter and some market highlights as well. Then Bruce McDonald, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will talk more specifically about business results and the financial review. And we just talked to you a month ago, today, actually in New York at our Analyst Day, so our presentation here at the beginning is a little abridged from what we normally do by maybe slide or so, so that will be a little shorter. We'll keep the same amount of time that we normally do for questions and answers, but we expect to end the call about quarter of the hour. And with that, we'll turn it over to Steve.
Stephen A. Roell: Okay, thank you, Glen. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. As Glen mentioned, I'm just going to make some very general comments about the macro environment that we had in our first fiscal quarter. If we look at automotive production in North America, I think most of you are well aware of the fact that it was a strong North American quarter for the industry, with production up 11%. And production continued to inch higher in China, where it was up 3%. The biggest issue we have is what we talked to you about at the Analyst Meeting, which is the softness in Europe. And in the quarter itself, the European production was down 9% year-over-year. And of course, there was also some softness in South America. In terms of the -- I hate to be a meteorologist, but talking about winter weather as we -- in the battery side, what we saw was the warm weather really didn't impact our service [ph] until probably late December, where the stocking period was complete, and there was no additional stocking because of the warm temperatures. As you're well aware, in the early part of January, again, temperatures were generally warmer throughout the country. It's just been very recently that we've seen the downturn in terms of the cold weather. And of course, we're seeing -- we expect to see some significant weather changes next week with severe cold. So that will help us. Right now, the stocking level at the distribution is a little higher than we would expect, but more towards normal periods -- than normal levels than not. And what we would expect is that given the weather that's coming, we would expect that we would not experience what we did a year ago, which was the mild weather continuing all the way through the January-February timeframe. That bodes well for us because that says that as we go to the second half, we'll see a more normal stocking period. We wont have the core issue that we experienced a year ago. In terms of the HVAC and controls business, there clearly are lower U.S. and European commercial shipments. Demand is soft in both of those markets. China still remains positive. We see good signs from China. It was a market that we had some concerns about coming into the fiscal year. But right now, the order rate and activity we see continues to be positive in China. There's a comment in the slide that we sent to you regarding November ABI being up. But probably the one I should highlight most is McGraw-Hill, who came out most recently and is still forecasting softness in both equipment and the controls market for calendar 2013. So that's still a concern to us, and we see that in our activity. Our backlogs are very comparable with what they were a year ago. Our -- we have mixed results in terms of our -- at this time in terms of our pipelines. We see some softness in systems. We see some strength in solutions, so it's a mixed bag at this stage. And of course, we're watching the consumer confidence indices just to see what's happening. And of course, they're mixed right now across various geographies. Turning to the absolute quarter. Sales of $10.4 billion were comparable to the quarter a year ago. Segment income was down from $621 million a year ago to $541 million. These numbers are consistent with the guidance that we provided to you at the end of our first quarter call -- excuse me, our year-end call back in October. We had guided to the range that we had performed, and we had fairly good visibility as to what was going to take place at that time. Net income and EPS then of course followed the shortfall in net income, where -- in segment income, where net income was down from $424 million to $354 million and EPS went from $0.62 down to $0.52. But again, they were consistent with what we expected when we guided -- gave you guidance back in October. In terms of our second quarter outlook, we're now providing guidance that says that EPS will be between $0.40 and $0.42. Let me tell you some of the things we highlight here is that Western European auto production will be down 14%, just to give you some sense for what we see. That -- second -- and the second half of the year is expected to turnaround, where it's expected to be down only 3% and 1%. But nevertheless, we have a real trough here in production in Q2, our fiscal Q2. The same can be said about North American build. Right now, the North American build is expected to be down 2% in the quarter that we're in. But in the Q3 and Q4 of our fiscal year, it's expected to be up 5% and 7%, respectively. So as you start to think through the cadence of our quarterly earnings, the European and North American auto production is 1 of 5 key elements that really will help drive that delta, okay? We also just highlight here briefly that some of the restructuring costs that we incurred, particularly the nonqualified, are going to be in Q2, and we do have significant launch activity as well in the quarter. We continue to look at the full year and feel good about our -- the guidance that we provided to you when we met in December. And we're still projecting that segment income will be up 10%, and that the EPS range will be between $2.60 and $2.70. We're reaffirming that -- reconfirming that guide to you today. So with that, I'm going to let Bruce go through the business segments, and we'll come back and open it up for questions. Bruce?
R. Bruce McDonald: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everybody. Starting off with Building Efficiency here on Slide #6. We had a good financial quarter for Building Efficiency. So if you think about the last 3 or 4 quarters, we're sort of on a trend here of seeing relatively soft top line growth, but a very healthy expansion in our margins. And we saw that again here in this quarter here. So if you look at the overall numbers, as we highlight here, our sales were flat at about $3.5 billion. Foreign exchange really for Building Efficiency wasn't a factor here in the quarter. So generally speaking, a fairly flat quarter. If you look at that geographically, Asia was up 7%; GWS, Global Workplace Solutions business was up 4%, though this was offset really with softness in Latin America, Europe being the sort of 2 biggest markets that were down. If you look at North America, we're down about 7%, and we continue to see softness in discretionary project work and delays in booking new solutions business. Just commenting on residential, which flows up within one of our subsegments here, in the quarter, we are benefiting from the upturn in that market. Our revenue was up 16% and unit shipments were up about 9% in the quarter. So we are seeing the uptick that the players are seeing on the residential side of the market. Looking at our orders and backlog, as Steve indicated, our backlog was flat at about $5.1 billion. If you look at our order intake in the quarter, it was down 9%. Again, a mixed bag geographically here. Asia kind of led the way. It was up 12%. So we continue to see good growth there in Asia. In fact, we're seeing that sort of accelerating. In the Middle East, which tends to be fairly lumpy, we're down about 8%. In North America, we are down 16%, with both systems and solutions being down double-digit. Although I would note that if you look at our service business, it was down only 1%. So we're starting to see some signs of improvement in the order intake in our service business. And I'd just kind of remind folks that that's one of our highest margin businesses, and for a long time now, we've been talking about delays in discretionary project work, so that's an encouraging sign. Elsewhere, geographically, Europe and Latin America were down 13% and 15%, respectively. If you look at the segment income, 19% growth to $172 million here in the quarter. If you look at the margins in Building Efficiency, we had an 80 basis point improvement, up to 4.9%. The sort of main drivers, I guess, would be twofold. It'd be, one, the benefit of the pricing initiatives and some of the cost reduction and restructuring activities that we're starting to deliver impacts the bottom line here. I'd also note that we did have some favorable commercial settlements on some of our contracts in the quarter. Turning to automotive on Slide 7. I guess our automotive business overall, we came -- it came in a little bit softer than our expectations, really driven by Europe. If you look at the sort of drivers there, it's really delays in flexing out our direct labor workforce. I'll talk a little bit more about that later on. From a sales perspective, you can see we were down about 1%. Because a large portion of our business is based in Europe, the euro in the quarter was about $1.30 versus $1.35 last year. So on an exchange adjust basis, we were up about 1% overall. If you look at that by product lines, Seating sales were up about 2%, again, adjusted for inflation. Interiors was sort of flat. And Electronics, which is the most heavily exposed to Europe, we were down about 5%. In terms of China, we sort of made it -- one of our takes here commenting on the momentum that we're seeing in China. Really terrific quarter over there. You can see that our sales, which mostly come through nonconsolidated joint ventures, were up about 21% in the quarter, up to $1.4 billion. So we're pleased to see that. And that really is in comparison to passenger car production in China being up about 3%. If you look at segment income, down -- roughly half of what it was a year ago at $101 million. Steve touched on some of the factors, but maybe a little bit more color here, higher engineering and product launch costs and operational efficiencies. If we look at Europe, we continue to see near term profitability pressures as we face delays in flexing out our labor. So you look at our results here in Europe, they're kind of flowing through as we expected. We talked about the -- having about $0.08 to $0.10 of non-qualifying restructuring cost. Those primarily fall us -- for us in the second quarter. It's probably $0.02 or $0.03 in this quarter and $0.06 or $0.07 in Q2. We didn't expect that we would be able to execute some of our social plans and things like that in the first quarter. That sort of falls here in the second quarter. So if you think about auto, what you're kind of seeing here is a little bit of labor inefficiency in the first quarter as we wait for our social plans to get approved. In the second quarter, we'll see less of that. It will be done by the end of the quarter, but we will have the substantial -- the bulk of the non-qualifying costs flowing through in the second quarter, and hence, the weakness of our second quarter outlook for automotive. If you look at the business by product line, we did well in Interiors. We started seeing the benefit of some of our cost reductions. We've lowered our losses. But nevertheless, if you look at our overall margins, they're at 1.9%, about half of what they were a year ago. Geographically, I mean, we're sort of phasing that out, but just to provide some color there, we saw good improvement in our underlying profitability in both North America and Asia. Those were both higher on a year-over-year basis. Europe continues to be the challenge. Our margins in Europe were about negative 4.5%. In terms of Power Solutions, on Slide #8, you can see our sales were up about 4%. If we adjust for foreign exchange and lead differentials, our underlying revenues were up about 7%. OE volumes were up 9% and aftermarket volumes were up about about 1%. And as Steve indicated, if we just look at the North American aftermarket, which is our biggest sector, in the quarter, unit volume shipments were down about 4%. And as Steve mentioned, we were up year-over-year in October and November. We really saw it drop-off in December. From a bottom line perspective, you can see we're down about 3% versus last year, but a very strong quarter with margins of 16%. We're really benefiting from the volumes. The benefit of our vertical integration, in particular the Florence, South Carolina starting to come online here in the quarter as we expected an improved pricing that we took last year. So that's sort of flowing through as a benefit on a year-over-year basis. And then the only comment I'd make maybe here is if you looked back at our slides from last year, we did have a nonrecurring equity gain in 2012. That obviously makes for the year-over-year comparables a little bit difficult. Just turning to the financials on Slide #9. As we talked about earlier, revenues coming in at 10.4% (sic) [$10.4 billion], a 1% increase adjusted for FX. If you look at the gross margin, you'll see we're down about 20 basis points on a year-over-year basis. We saw margin expansion in Building Efficiency, and that was really offset by the lower gross margins that we saw in automotive business in Europe. You can see SG&A, a small increase on a year-over-year basis. If you look at it as a percentage of sales, it's up about 20 basis points to 10.1%. All that increase is really investments that we're making in innovation and new products and our emerging market infrastructure. Equity income at $85 million. You can see is sort of down versus last year. That whole delta is really attributable to the slightly higher investments in some of our joint ventures and then that onetime gain in Power Solutions that I referred to earlier. Then lastly on Slide #10 here, just going through the net financing charges, up about $61 million. That's kind of the run rate that we've been operating over the last 3 or 4 quarter -- or 2 or 3 quarters, I'm sorry. It's up versus last year. If you recall, we did a bond issuance in Q1 of last year, and so you just sort of see in the -- us terming out some of our debt. So we have slightly higher financing costs, those generally in line with the guidance that we provided at the beginning of the year. In terms of our tax rate, we had a clean quarter, 20%, which is the same level as last year. You can see income attributable to noncontrolling interest, down about 5%. And that really reflects the buyout of one of our minority partners in our plastic joint venture here in North America. And then lastly, you can see our earnings per share at $0.52 were down about $0.10 from last year which really attributable to the shortfall in the segment income. So with that, I think we'll open it up for questions.
Glen Ponczak: Yes, Mary Ann, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rod Lache of Deutsche Bank.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. Just hoping you can maybe give us a little bit more granularity on that bridge in the Automotive Experience segment, EBIT going from $200 million to $100 million. I think based on what you said for the non-qualifying expense, that was probably a $20 million headwind, and I would imagine that you had a couple million dollars of headwind from FX, but you mentioned that your organic revenue was up. So can you just help fill in some of the blanks there on what actually is continuing to drive that on a year-over-year basis?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, I mean, I'm not going to get into the -- like all the detail there, but I mean, I'll tell you what kind of the headlines are here, Rod, is -- we definitely seeing some margin pressure. So if you -- when I talk about our gross margin on a company basis being down, that was really driven by the auto Europe side of the business. And really what we've got there, as I'm sure you know, in Europe, we just can't take out the labor as quick as we can in North America because we have to go through a consultation with our -- with the various works councils and get sort of those signed off. So those are all progressing as we expected, but what you end up getting is the incremental labor flowing through until you can get it out. So that's quite a significant headwind there, if you put it in the context of our volumes being down 10%. And then, we always talk about, in the first quarter of our calendar year tends to be Q4 of our customers' year end, and so we typically have lumpiness in terms of commercial settlements that we are paying or getting from our customers, and those were -- from a year-over-year basis, those were adverse to us. So those would be the sort of line items.
Stephen A. Roell: Rod, if I had to just -- see if I can help Bruce a little bit, too. I think if I had to box things for you, I would say -- and this isn't going to total 100%, but about 40% of our issue is operational, but it's not operational in the sense that how we run our plants. In some cases, we're making line moves. We're shipping production to different locations. We're doing a lot more of that to get our efficiencies up. That cost hit us in the quarter. Probably 25% of our issue is commercial, as Bruce described, and probably 20% is volume. So again, we still have the ability, as we've come throughout the year, to improve our results in this group, primarily by addressing some of the operational costs we're incurring.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, and on Building Efficiency, how material was that contract gain? It sounded like you had something that was nonrecurring in there?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, there's about 3 or 4, Rod. So when actually in our K -- in our Q, sorry, when you sort of see the pieces, there's some lumpiness in there. But the net impact is about $10 million.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: All right. And then the decline in orders that you're seeing in Building Efficiency, does that not -- you're still working off of your backlog that you were reporting at year end, I would imagine here. Does that sort of manifests itself in 6 to 9 months? Is that when we start to see some of that play out?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, a little bit. I guess, maybe one thing to maybe make you folks feel a little bit better about that is that if you actually look at the solution -- Steve sort of talked about solutions a little bit in his comments. But if you actually looked at our order intake in solution, that's really what's driving the bulk of the decrease. It was down by over 40%. Those projects tend to be very -- we got a lot of big ones that we're working on, and they tend to revenue fairly slowly. So I wouldn't get overly concerned about the orders being down 9%, so we've got kind of a big problem coming at us in, say, Q3 and Q4.
Stephen A. Roell: I would agree.
Operator: Our next question is from Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Steve, did the $0.93 that you're expected to earn the first half, is that in line with where you were thinking at the end of last year or has it got a little bit more second half-weighted in terms of earnings?
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, I'll take that one, Ravi. Bruce here. I would tell you, if you sort of look at our plan here, Q1 we came in a couple of cents better than we were expecting. And if you kind of look and say, "What really drove that," I would tell you that the -- our revenues came in a little bit stronger than we thought. In the second quarter here, if you look at our outlook, it's probably $0.03 or $0.04 sort of weaker than we thought. And that would really be around the delays in flexing out the labor. So generally speaking, I mean, we did provide guidance that Q1 and Q2 would be down significantly. Maybe we could have done a better jobs, because I -- because if you sort of look at what the analyst models were for Q1, it wasn't too far off our internal plan. But for Q2, folks were down high single-digit, and I guess I wouldn't think that's significant.
Stephen A. Roell: Ravi, I guess the other -- maybe I think that maybe is confusing people, even those that were at the auto show this week. If you would ask the analysts, I think, what they're seeing for European volumes, production volumes in 2013, I think the numbers were like 2%, 3%, 4% down, and that's true for the calendar year. But that's not true for our fiscal year, because if you look at how it -- the cadence -- Q4 is expected to be up considerably as -- the projection is part of the IHS model as we look at 2013. If you just look at our fiscal year using the same IHS model, it's not down 2%, it's down 7% to 8%. And so I think some of our numbers or maybe the cadence is being confused by calendar year versus fiscal year. But as I mentioned in my opening comments, if you just look at the fact that North American production is going to be down in Q2, it's the only quarter that's down after being up 11%, and then going up 5% and 7%. And then European volume is expected to be off as severe as they are, it really is a trough. And I'm not sure that the models got -- reflect that kind of a downturn, okay?
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That make sense. A quick follow-up to that, is there any risk that the restructuring plans in Europe get delayed beyond 2Q in terms of getting those permissions?
R. Bruce McDonald: No, no. There is just like a -- there's like normal 90-day type consultation periods. There's nothing -- we aren't -- if you think about it, Ravi, we're not out doing something that everyone else in our industry is doing as well. So it's not that we're an outlier there. I mean, it's generally pretty well known that our customers are cutting down volumes. It's being somewhat erratic the way it's being done right now. But we're not an outlier, and we've been very successful in the past. And if you look at the scale of what we're doing versus what we've done before, we really don't have any reason to believe it should be problematic.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Denoyer of Wolfe Trahan.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: A couple of questions on Power Solutions. I guess in the outlook for the fiscal second quarter, are you expecting margins on a year-over-year basis to be down? It seems like to get down to $0.42, that's essentially what we have to assume. And I realize there's a tough comp year-over-year in the first quarter, but can you give a sense of why that might be?
Stephen A. Roell: Tim, well, first we haven't said anything about margins, but let me just make sure we understand the seasonality of our business. Volumes drop off from Power Solutions as a normal period. We're through the stocking period of October, November to midway December. So our volumes drop off at Power Solutions. I don't know of any reason why our margins drop off, okay?
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: No, I'm just saying in terms of year-over-year margins?
R. Bruce McDonald: I think -- I don't have the numbers in front of me, Tim, but I do think that we -- if you take out the impact of foreign exchange and [indiscernible] of the year, okay, we're looking at Power Solutions' margins being up about 50 or 60 basis points, okay? If you think about really where that -- what's driving that, it is really going to be -- one of the biggest -- it's sort of 2 big drivers. It'd be, one, the savings that we'll make from the increased recycling in Florence. And then you'll recall, in the back half of last year, we talked about having about $40 million or $50 million of headwind as we built up our lead core inventory as a one, sort of like a nonrecurring onetime hit that we took and that sort of goes away. So most of the power -- I mean if we look back to last year, Power Solutions had a great Q1 and Q2, exceptionally high margins that were -- are tough comps on this thing for us. And the real drivers of the year-over-year improvement are coming in the back half of the year.
Stephen A. Roell: Right. From an absolute standpoint, the only thing that we have to watch, too, is that lead price. We always look at our data without lead, without FX. Lead prices have skewed up, so we have to definitely watch that, but we normalize that in our -- in how we look at our data.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Sure, understood. And in terms of -- I think you may have touched on this in your opening comments, but in terms of the supply of cores, given the mild weather, is there a risk that the smelters may be a little bit underutilized over the next couple of quarters? How do you see the inventory right now?
Glen Ponczak: I guess -- and Tim, I guess I'm trying to project here, okay? But I mean, I think that what we're seeing is a -- we expect to see demand pick up. The cold weather should help us out here, the severe cold that's going to hit next week and this week so. And the rest of the country, I mean, what's happening now in Alabama, what we're seeing in California. So we expect to see the core issue not being an issue. We don't expect that right now.
R. Bruce McDonald: And I think, Tim, some of our competitors have made very similar comments. So our core inventories, we're starting to see them pick up here in the quarter, a noticeable improvement. I know one of our competitors made similar type comments, so that -- I think it's low risk.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Johnson of Barclays.
Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just want to, I guess, drill down further on Automotive Experience. I guess a couple of questions. You seem to be a little bit below the IHS-CSM consensus. It happened to be where we are. Are you seeing anything in production schedules or kind of where inventories came out of calendar 4Q that lead you to be a bit more conservative in calendar 1Q?
Stephen A. Roell: Which -- are you talking about Europe or North America?
Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, Western Europe, or European auto production. And also the broader Europe picture when you include Eastern Europe and Russia, which are a bit healthier, right?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, yes, well, I would -- if you sort of look at the -- we're basically using IHS, Brian. So if I just...
Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So this is -- right. That's because you're doing Western?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, so we're looking at Western Europe being down about 14%, and I guess if you said East, which is around -- which is like 3.1 million, and that compares to 3.57 million last year. And Eastern Europe, it's down about 3%, about 1.7 million to just above 1.6 million. We -- those are sort of the industry numbers. And like I said in my comments, we've tended to see the volumes come in a little bit better than the overall industry when you're looking at year-over-year. And the factors are really, we are underexposed to the French and Fiat, we were [ph] less than -- less exposure to those customers, and they've tended to trail the market. And on the higher-end vehicles that are -- like the, let's say the BMW and Mercedes in particular, where they're manufactured in Germany, and I know there is some softness in exports to Asia, but less so to North America, but those have a lot more content, and we sort of benefit from that. So in Q1, that -- and even all of last year, that sort of made it a little bit better than the industry for us.
Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then my second question is -- and it's similar to the operational walk question, which I guess we have to wait to Q4. But if you separate the operational issues into the flex time and just appropriate staffing for the level of build versus the operational issues we've been talking about most of the last fiscal year around the metals businesses and the inefficiencies in the yields, what kind of progress, if any, has been made on those issues? What's the year-over-year improvement there? And then what's the cadence of that through the year?
Stephen A. Roell: We haven't really described that magnitude, okay? I think, although the only thing I've alluded to, Brian, so far is the fact that, if you recall the STEP program that Beda referred to relative to the metals operations specifically, we expect to see a couple of hundred million dollar year-over-year comparison for the full year, okay? It does play -- it does pick up, as you would imagine, throughout the year, so it's a cadence that improves as we go through the second, third and fourth quarters. And we do see that happening, okay? I think the -- sometimes, I'm a little bit fearful that we put too much weight in terms of some of the operational experience, and then everybody thinks they have to do with machine utilization and scrap and things of that nature. In many cases, it's really our decisions to relocate equipment to the east and to move lines and actually incur those costs. They're not surprises to us. They're costs that we're accruing to help benefit future productivity. What I do see is in terms of our launch efficiencies, we get a scorecard that looks -- allows us to look at every single launch. And let's say that we've got -- pick a number, 80 new launches that are coming up in -- that are significant, and we color code those. And 2 of those are red right now, out of the whole group. So we feel very good about how -- what our cadence is in terms of our readiness for launch. The fact that we shouldn't incur a lot of issues, and we're not. We're still ensuring that we deliver the quality to our customers, and that's our -- still our biggest objective as we go through this. We're not -- we're seeing a significant decline in our premium freight, where we had to incur cost to maintain delivery levels. That struck off significantly. So the cadence isn't -- I guess the improvement is not at the level that we'd like to have, but nevertheless, it's at a fairly substantial improvement year-over-year. And we expect to see that continue in the third and fourth quarter. That's one of -- that's again one of the key second half versus first half stories.
Operator: Our next question is from David Leiker of Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Can you talk in the Building Efficiency business a little bit about the color in the pipeline, and where you get a request for a proposal to -- actually goes in your backlog and what you're seeing there, what kind of dynamics you're seeing there?
Stephen A. Roell: David, I'm not sure -- you're talking about the time dimension, or...
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: The pace of order activity, booking activity across that pipeline, across the different -- you track it at 7 or 8 different spots between...
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, I'm sorry. So maybe let me just talk about the pipeline itself, okay? We have a tendency to look at it 2 ways. I look at it from a vertical market perspective. So I can look to say -- and that's probably more important to me David, to be honest, than anything else in terms of what's strong and what's not. Let me go back to give you some backdrop. If you look at the data from McGraw-Hill, it was sort of interesting to me in terms of the projections I gave you earlier regarding equipment and controls. And in general, let me just tell you what they're saying. They're expecting about a 7% drop in equipment shipments this year, and this is again domestic, and they're seeing about a 15% drop in controls and fire and security products. That's what they're projecting for '13 versus '12. And then when you get into the detail, they were forecasting that that softness would incur primarily in higher ed and in the government, both federal and state, okay? So that's what they've projected from the sample and the verticals. So now we go back and look at our pipeline, and we can -- this is -- again, for those of you that aren't familiar with this term, it's really the bidding activity we have in various states, and we can look at it and get a sense by vertical market across several different business categories or contract categories. If we just look at our systems business, which encompass our equipment and controls, what we see is that softness in state. That's probably our biggest concern right now is the softness in the state government activity. We see some softness in health care. We see flatness though in higher ed, Fed and K-12, which is a good -- which is good for us. And we actually saw some decent orders booked in those same very verticals in the past month. In our solutions business, which is more tied to our performance contracting business, that's where we're seeing some pick up. We're seeing it in the federal, K-12, and then more importantly there, we do see good state business, which makes sense to us. So the state government side there is stronger. So I guess what I would tell you -- and the solutions business typically is a longer cycle sale. So going back to your other comment, we do see that. We saw a number of contracts that got pushed from Q1 to Q2. We had 3 solutions contracts we booked in the first 4 days of January. So we did see some movement there, David. But that's the only thing I can tell you. I don't see a general, what would I would call it, lengthening of contracts or decision-making in our normal systems business. It's more in the performance contract, so the very large contracts.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So it sounds like that this backlog number probably goes lower before it stabilizes. Is that right?
Stephen A. Roell: I'm not sure -- well, it's already stabilized. I mean, it's the same as it was at the end of a year ago, which is a good point. I mean, that was a record level of backlog, and we still enjoy that level of backlog. So I think the key is maybe getting it out of backlog, not on our pipeline, but getting it out of backlog and getting it actually executed. There's probably a little bit of softness there, and that's probably why our sales volumes were softer in the first quarter, okay?
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. And then there's one other item. If we look at the Power Solutions business, and shipment is up 3% and your revenues, when you adjust them, up 7%. Is all of that difference there coming from AGM mix starting to show up in the revenue line?
R. Bruce McDonald: It would be some of that, David, but I would tell you, the bulk of it is probably the pricing that we did. I mean, if you recall last May timeframe, we talked about -- we were implementing like kind of an environmentally -- we were upgrading our smelters and raising our prices to compensate for that, so that's fallen through.
Glen Ponczak: David, also Asia was up pretty significantly, a good double-digit sort of growth across OEM and service and aftermarket. So that was another component to that as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Joe Spak of RBC Capital Markets.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I just -- headed back to Automotive Experience for one second. The margins were obviously soft. It sounds like there's still some challenges in the second quarter. So to get back to the high-3s for the year, which your guidance at the Analyst Day sort of implied, it almost seems like you need to be over 5% in the back half of the year, and to be honest, that's a level we haven't seen in quite some time. So I'm just wondering for the overall company guidance, has there been a little bit of a shift maybe to some of the other segments coming in a little bit better and maybe a little bit taken out of auto?
R. Bruce McDonald: For sure. I mean, if you think about this quarter, like I said, we came in a few cents higher than we thought we would here, a couple of cents. And auto came in, was a little bit softer. The other 2 were stronger, so yes.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: But for the full year guidance, I guess?
Stephen A. Roell: A little bit [indiscernible].
R. Bruce McDonald: I guess it's probably too early to say.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, but it's -- I would say not a lot, Bruce, at this time. No.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes.
Operator: Our final question comes from Rich Kwas of Wells Fargo Securities.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just 2 quick ones. Mix in Europe. At the auto show this week, some of the suppliers were saying mix had stabilized in calendar fourth quarter in Europe. What's your sense right now, what you're seeing?
R. Bruce McDonald: When you say mix?
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Vehicle mix. Not so much the unit volume, but just the mix of the vehicles being produced.
Stephen A. Roell: The segment sort of stuff? Is that what you mean, Rich?
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes, yes. I mean, yes, exactly. Segment stuff, A, B, C, D, et cetera. It seemed like there was a pullback late in calendar -- end of calendar Q3 and through Q4 and that seems -- some of the suppliers indicated that it stabilized, so just curious what you're seeing.
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, I guess maybe the one I would comment on, and I would just say just because of our diversification over in Europe, I would say that's a real factor. But the one that's most important for us is like I was talking about earlier, the luxury segment because we have a lot more content in that. And I know there was some worries around export strength, and that's held up very well. So in North America, the market's strong here and the high-end German exports are performing well. And I know there's a lot of concern going into this year about China and that market slowing down. The exports from Germany into China have not deteriorated markedly. So maybe -- those will be the important drivers for us, Rich, and...
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, so it kind of sounds like it's was -- it's been a nonfactor for the most part in terms of what you're seeing right now.
R. Bruce McDonald: Right.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just last quick one, working cap, so there were some improvement on a year-over-year basis, Bruce. You still thinking potential positive working cap benefit this year? I know you were kind of thinking neutral-ish, maybe plus or minus, but any updated thoughts?
R. Bruce McDonald: I mean, we are pleased. We didn't put anything in about our balance sheet, but we have felt good about that. As you said, the working capital outflow was quite a bit lower than last year. We typically have an outflow in Q1, the biggest thing being kind of like incentive compensation and like commission-type payments to our sales teams that typically flow in the first quarter. But yes, we feel -- I think we're still looking at plus or minus $100 million on working capital for the year. And the other thing I guess I would point out is if you did -- do look at our balance sheet, we obviously had 2 -- we have 2 normal quarterly dividend payments in the quarter because we pulled forward our January payment into December to help out our shareholders on the increased tax there. So we'll pick that up in Q2 because we wont have a dividend.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and then one last one question on price for battery. That was instituted in May of last year, right? So do you fully -- you kind of half anniversary it in the June quarter and then you're done by September, right?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, that's fair. So just to wrap up, I just have a few comments I'd like to make. And this is really -- maybe let me address some of the second half outlook projections for us and why. I mentioned earlier, I made reference to the fact that there really are 5 things that I would point to that give us confidence in our second half, but let me just go through those. The first is, as we've described and talked about today is the auto production, and the fact that right now in the current quarter that we're in, this should be the lull and everyone is expecting, including all the analysts, that we'll see a pickup in the second half both in Europe, as well as in North America. Secondly is the margins. I think we've described the fact that at Building Efficiency we're expecting to see a nice improvement in margins for the full year. I've been very impressed and pleased with the work that Dave's team has done. They've taken some initiative here again to control cost, yet again in the event that there's softness. So we've done some good contingency planning in BE, and I feel comfortable just like we've demonstrated last year that we'll see nice pick up in margins in the second half from BE, just as you saw in the first quarter. In the Power Solutions side, we've got a couple of factors. Bruce has alluded to Florence. We think -- if you recall last year, China was a drag for us. We talked about AGM pricing and those volumes picking up. We shouldn't have the core issues, so we expect all those factors to contribute to our second half for Power Solutions. Automotive, the key there is the improvement in our execution operations, in addition to the production volumes, and we feel we're getting some good traction in terms of the improvements there, particularly in our metals business. And Bill's doing a good job of stabilizing our Interiors business. And then finally, as you recall, we had the restructuring that we took in the third and fourth quarter, and we'll get beyond the nonqualified cost in the first half, and we'll start to see the benefits in the second half. So those are the 5 factors I would describe to you that give us some confidence in our performance and our outlook for the year, okay? So again, thank you very much for joining us, and let's hope for cold weather all the way through the East Coast next week, okay? Take care.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phones at this time.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Ponczak Stephen A. Roell - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee R. Bruce McDonald - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew T. Stover - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Colin Langan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Glen Ponczak.
Glen Ponczak: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before we start, I want to remind you that Johnson Controls will make statements in this presentation that are forward-looking and therefore are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements in this document, other than statements of historical fact, are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this document, statements regarding further financial position, sales, costs, earnings, cash flows, other measures of results of operations, capital expenditures or debt levels and plans, objectives, outlooks and targets are forward-looking statements. Johnson Controls cautions that these statements are subject to numerous important risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, some of which are beyond the company's control that could cause Johnson Controls' actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include the strength of U.S. or other economies, automotive production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, availability of raw materials and component products, currency exchange rates and cancellation of, or changes to commercial contracts, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of Johnson Controls' most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2011 and Johnson Controls' subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Shareholders, potential investors and others should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements and should not place undue reliance on such statements. Steve Roell, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is with us this morning, and we'll start with an overview of the quarter and of the full 2012 fiscal year. Then followed by Bruce McDonald, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will go through a more detailed business review and -- of the business results. That will be followed with questions and answers, and we will end the call at the top of the hour. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Stephen A. Roell: Okay. Thank you, Glen, and good morning. First of all, for those of you that are on the East Coast, that are joining us on the call or listening to this on a replay, we hope that you and your families are safe and that life gets back to normal as soon as possible. We considered postponing this call, but based on our other conflicts and the fact that we thought we could get a lot of information out to you this morning, we opted to continue and go through the call with earnings. Well let's start about -- with fiscal 2012. It proved to be a very challenging year. And while we achieved record sales and earnings, we were not able to reach the levels of performance that we had set for ourselves, nor that we had communicated to our shareholders coming into the year. In the last 2 weeks, I'm sure you've had an opportunity to listen to a variety of earnings reports and most of those are focused on the deteriorating business climate and the uncertainties that lie ahead. I want to spend just a few minutes to recap 2012 and in doing so, provide some context for our performance or our outlook for fiscal 2013. My comments are not intended to be an excuse for our performance. We have a history of overcoming market challenges, and we're disappointed we were not able to do so this year. Let's start with the global automotive production industry, what took place. We benefited from the stronger-than-expected North American auto build and the continued strength of the Asian markets. By contrast, as I'm sure you're all well aware, the European auto build continued to weaken and particularly hit us hard in the second half of the fiscal year. In terms of our Building Efficiency segment, coming into the year with higher backlogs and industry projections from both Global Insight and Dodge that forecasted a recovery of -- in the global markets, we expected our nonresidential segments would provide a good basis for growth. Unfortunately, the domestic institutional markets, which we've talked about in the past, those are the education, health care and public sectors, in terms of the market, they all declined over 15% in our fiscal '12. We did gain share, but we did not foresee the magnitude of the weakness in those markets. Then, we have one, if not the mild -- one of if not the mildest winter in our history, depressing battery retail activity, in our shipments to our aftermarket customers. On a positive note, we did continue to see good growth in our China markets for both Automotive and the Building segments. So beyond the external factors, we did struggle all year to improve our operational performance in our global Metal and Mechanism business. We have the work streams and improvement areas identified, and I described those to you in detail in last quarter's call. We certainly underestimated the time it would take to achieve the benefits associated with those action plans. On a positive note, when the building markets did show signs of not recovering early in our fiscal year, the business did take the necessary actions to preserve margin improvements that we had targeted coming into the year, and I believe that you saw those significant ROS numbers in the last 2 quarters. Turning to the numbers themselves. Sales totaled $42 billion, up from $40.8 billion last year. If we exclude FX, that's an increase of roughly 6%. Segment income was $2.6 billion, and those of you that can view the slides, I'd like to direct your attention to the right side. Our Building Efficiency ROS was up 70 basis points year-over-year, with a strong second half showing. Power Solutions overcame the disruptions in China, the lower volumes, the higher core cost to improve margins by 140 basis points, due to its vertical integration investments, its AGM volumes and the continuing general cost control. So those 2 businesses exceeded the margin targets that we communicated at the beginning of our last fiscal year, despite some of these challenges that we faced. Automotive Experience margins were lower due to the operating issues in Europe and the depressed conditions in that market. Our EPS of $2.59 per share was 5% higher than the $2.46 for last year. So we do have some comments for you regarding 2013. Our Analyst Day is scheduled for December 19 in New York. At that session, we're going to provide you with our detailed guidance for the year. And each of the Presidents will provide with their outlook and longer-term strategies. We do expect that the challenging macro environment will persist. The global automotive market outlook is mixed right now. North America's expected to continue to grow, but at a slower rate than in 2012. I'm probably a little bit more up -- bullish than most in, regarding China, but we're planning on slower growth in that market as well. And in Europe, we see double-digit declines in the industry build. There's not much evidence of a recovery in the global construction market, so we're assuming the markets continue to be sluggish. We ended the year with a record backlog, but our pipeline activity is mixed and the sale cycles appear to be extending. The European economy will provide challenges across all of our businesses in 2013, while in Asia, we expect slower growth, but we still see good growth, projecting that the weather patterns of the last year do not repeat, and that there will be a moderate improvement in North American aftermarket battery sales. Specific to Johnson Controls, we anticipate continued margin expansion across all of our businesses. We have some headwind with an increase in our effective tax rate, which Bruce is going highlight for you, that essentially we're going to be increasing our effective tax rate to 20% as our -- going to be our guidance to you. We'll benefit from the restructuring activities and the associated savings that were announced last week in the improvements in our Metals and Interiors operations. Our customers are aware of a change that we've made in our Automotives organization, but effective October 1, we separated the Seating and Interiors and Electronics businesses. Now internally, we really did that, probably starting back in the March -- excuse me, in the May through June time frame. The reasons we did that was pretty fundamental, and that is that, if you look at those businesses, the business models, the capital intensity, the manufacturing footprint requirements are very, very different. And we also wanted to bring more full distribution [ph] to those segments. Beda Bolzenius will continue to lead the Seating business, which includes the component activities of metal trim and foam. Will Jackson will continue to lead our efforts of Pricing -- in Pricing, Business Transformation and Innovation. He's assumed the responsibility, as well, for Interiors and Electronics. Both Bill and Beda will present their strategies at the New York Analyst Meeting in December. And then from a reporting standpoint, there will be more segmentations on our filing starting in the first quarter. We'll be breaking out our business essentially into Seating, Interiors and Electronics, and going away from the geographic breakdown that we've historically provided to you. Finally, I guess what I want to stress in this slide is that we will -- that we continue to make investments to support our strategic plans. Our strategies are very much intact regarding the emerging markets, our innovation strategies, our advanced battery technology, expanding our Controls offerings. And then, sort of ironic, now we're going to switch back and talk about Q -- the quarter just ended. In our fourth fiscal quarter, the sales of $10.4 billion were slightly higher than last year when adjusted for FX. Our segment income of $726 million was 2% less than last year, while net income was comparable to a year ago's quarter. EPS of $0.77 was slightly higher than the $0.76 of last year, and in line with the guidance we provided to you back in July. Now we're going to turn it over to Bruce, who's going to review the segment information for the quarter, and some of our thoughts regarding 2013. Bruce?
R. Bruce McDonald: Okay, thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Before I get into the sort of detailed business results, I just want to provide a little bit more color on some of the nonoperational items, which we booked in the quarter, which would -- which netted to a charge of $0.78. So there was really 3 items. One was the $245 million restructuring charge. The second was a noncash, mark-to-market pension and retiree medical charge, both of those items that we've sort of previously highlighted in the Street in a filing last week. Then we had a nontax charge of $35 million related to the restructuring of our Power Solutions facility in Shanghai. As -- I'll provide a little bit more commentary on some of those items later on when I get to the financial section here, but as I talk through the business results, I'm going to exclude the impact of these items and items of a similar nature that impacted our 2011 comparable quarter here. So just turning to Slide 8 for Building Efficiency. From a financial perspective, Building Efficiency delivered a very solid quarter here, especially when you consider the state of the markets. If you look at the sales, they were down about 7% to $3.8 billion. If we back out the impact of foreign exchange, it's about a 4% reduction. And we feel good about that, given the headwinds that we saw in pretty much all of our markets. On a geographic basis, we saw good revenue growth in Asia where our businesses were up 7%. GWS was up 2%, though when you look at the rest of our businesses, they were down more than the -- these 2 segments were out delivering a net reduction overall. If you look at the North American market in particular, it was down in aggregate about 8%, really driven by softness in discretionary service work in our Solutions business that has the most exposure to the institutional markets, as Steve referred to in his comments. In terms of Residential, I think we noted in our press release, the Residential revenues were up about 9% and unit shipments were up about 8%. On terms of our backlog, you can see we're up about 3% to a record level of $5.2 billion. If I turn into our orders for the quarter, they were actually down 10%. And if you take out foreign exchange, orders were down 8%. If you look at the orders on a geographic basis, kind of a mixed bag here. Middle East was up 78%. That's a really choppy number that's impacted by the timing of large orders. So we can see that number really fly around significantly, up or significantly down, depending on the timing of big contract awards. In Asia, in aggregate, our orders were down 1%. In North America, our orders were down 13%. And if you sort of look at the segmentation within North America, our Systems business was down 5%; our Service business was down 7%; and our Solutions orders, the Energy Solutions orders were actually down 30% in the quarter. And then just rounding things off in Europe, we're down 22% and 26% in Latin America. In terms of our segment income, great performance here, we're at $327 million, excluding items, it's up 15%. Steve commented on the 160 basis points of margin expansion that we saw in the quarter of 8.6%. I would say that was primarily attributable to improvements in our service business, where our margins -- where our profitability is up 62% and in our North American systems business, where profitability is at 22%. We also saw good improvement in our Global Workplace Solutions business, though these were somewhat offset by a deterioration in Europe and the Middle East. If you really look at the underlying drivers of our profitability improvement, it's really attributable to improved labor utilization. We're starting to get the payback of some of the technology investments that we've made in our North America Service business. And clearly, our restructuring and cost reduction initiatives are paying dividends for us. Turning to Automotive Experience. I guess I would say our results for the quarter were a disappointment and came in a little bit lower than we had expected. Really, the main issue for us in the quarter was lower-than-anticipated commercial recoveries. If you look at our sales, we're up about 3%. If you exclude foreign exchange, in North America, sales were up 13% versus the market of up 15% in Europe, sales are down 5%, versus the industry of down 3%. You can see in China, we had very strong performance there where we continue to gain share with new joint ventures. Our sales were up 21% to $1.3 billion. And that would compare against the estimated Chinese passenger car production that was up 8% in the quarter. So a good, strong share growth in China again. If you look at our segment income for the quarter x items, it was down 34% to $159 million. We saw good improvement in both Europe -- sorry, in both North America, and -- which was up 57%, Asia, which was up 18%, though the improvements that we saw here really offset by losses in our European business. The real drivers for our European performance would really be around the lower production levels that I talked about before, the deterioration in our South American operations and commercial recoveries, that's really where it hit us here, in the European side of the business. Overall, you can see our margins in Automotive Experience were 3.2%, or about 150 basis points lower than last year. Geographically, if you look at our margins, North America was at 6%, which is up significantly from 4.3% last year. Asia, it was 14% -- 14.6%, up 200 basis points year-over-year. And Europe, we ended the -- we finished the quarter here with a loss of 3.1%, which is down from an income level of 2.9% in the corresponding quarter. If we look at Europe from a full year perspective, our ROS was a little bit worse than we kind of -- were anticipating here, we actually had a full year loss of about $48 million, and we had hoped to come in around the break-even level. Turning to Power Solutions. Our sales, our reported sales were flat. If you sort of adjust for foreign exchange and the impact of lower lead pass-through sales, our underlying sales were up 8%. If you look at unit shipments, as we know it on the slide here, up 4%, split evenly between the aftermarket and the OE. We continue to see soft demand in the North American aftermarket. If you just look at the North American aftermarket volumes, they were up about 0.3% in the quarter. So we're not seeing the recovery in the volumes that we had in -- that we think should be coming through to us. In terms of segment income, up 11% to $240 million. Results were favorably impacted by good operational performance, the benefits associated with increased level of in-house lead recycling and then some the of the pricing actions that we took earlier in the year. If you look at the results for the quarter, however, we -- they are partially offset -- the benefits were partially offset by higher lead core acquisition costs, as we are building our feedstock inventory for a Florence, South Carolina facility. Those costs were starting to trend lower, but we do expect those to be a headwind for us as we go into the first quarter of fiscal 2013. Before I get into the financials, maybe just a brief comment on the pension and retiree medical accounting change that we adopted this quarter. Because this is a change of accounting methodology, we -- we're required, under U.S. GAAP, to restate all historic periods in a consistent manner. So we've done that. If you look at the -- all the information that we've put in our press release, in our -- in the financials that we put out here, you'll see those numbers in both periods. So we've revised our prior year's statement presentation. I guess I'd comment, really on -- there's 2 significant impacts that this change is going to have on us on a go-forward basis. The first would be, that in every year, in the fourth quarter, the mark-to-market, our pension and retiree medical liabilities. And as you'll see in the footnotes to our financial statements in each of 2011 and '12, we recorded significant charges, which were largely associated with the rapid decline in global interest rates. Secondly, if you look at our annual pension expense, we'll no longer be amortizing historic losses, and we've just put a slide in here to really highlight what the impact is on this year and last year's fourth quarter and full year earnings per share pre and post this charge. The other comment I would make for any of our employees that are listening, is this is just an accounting change, it has no impact, whatsoever, on the funding or the benefit levels that we continue to provide under these programs. Turning then to the financials on to Slide 12, just a bit more color than Steve talked about in his summary comments. But overall, revenues declined by 4%. If we back out foreign exchange, it's actually up 1%, and the real driver there would be the Euro. You can see that for the quarter of this year, the Euro rate was $1.25 versus $1.41 in the corresponding period last year. Gross profit was down 50 basis points, about a level that's similar to where we were in Q3. We saw the benefit of slightly higher revenue in some of our cost reduction initiatives, offset by both higher input costs in the Power Solutions business and the costs associated with some of our launch difficulties in Automotive Experience. On the other hand, if you look at SG&A as a percentage of sales, we decreased by 60 basis points to 9.3% of sales. This is the year-over-year decrease here is really our -- it reflects our focus on rightsizing our cost structure in light of the current market realities. If you really look at the SG&A reduction by business, the biggest area of improvement is clearly in Building Efficiency, where we're seeing the benefit of some of the recent restructuring initiatives. We're continuing -- even though our SG&A levels are declining here, we are continuing to increase our investments in some areas that are going to deliver long-term growth. And those would be our innovation initiatives, the emerging market infrastructure and other key new business development programs. In terms of equity income, you'll see we're actually down slightly, but I guess I would just remind people listening that the 2011 numbers were particularly strong in the quarter last year. Our equity earnings were up 32%. So it's -- our business is continuing to operate at a strong level. The year-over-year reduction really would be attributable to higher investments that we're making in some of the new joint ventures in our Automotive business in China. If you look at our segment margins, up 10 basis points to 7%, versus 6.9% last year. Turning to Slide 13. If you just look at the items below segment income, financing charges of $62 million were up 12% versus prior year. The higher financing costs are really associated with elevated borrowing levels, associated with our acquisitions in 2011 and the increase in our capital investment that we had in 2012. In terms of our underlying tax rate for the quarter, it was just over 16%, which was consistent with our third quarter rate, and a reduction of about 19% where we were last year. And that really, the only item that we have falling through the adjusted tax line here, is impacting the rate, is a different mix of geographic income, specifically lower earnings in Germany and the U.S. versus where we thought we'd be. In terms of income from noncontrolling interest or formally minority interest, you'll see that charge is down. That's really reflecting the buyout of our minority partner in plastic that we did in Q3. That's worth about a $20 million annual benefit, or about $0.05 a quarter. And then lastly on diluted earnings per share, we came in at $0.77 or $0.01 higher than where we were last year. Turning to Slide 14, I'll just make a few comments on our balance sheet. And if you look at the fourth quarter, we had a very strong growth, 35% in terms of our cash flow generated by operations, nearly $800 million. You'll note on our cash flow statements that we've included in our press release that we've revised our presentation to provide a little bit better visibility on our pension funding, and -- which was previously sort of massed within our working capital sections. So we've clarified that on our statement, and you can see that for the full year, our pension and retiree medical contributions were about $414 million. If you look at the level of contributions that we made with our -- in our plans this year, combined with strong asset performance and just to put that into context, our U.S. plan returns this year, we're just a shade over 20%. Unfortunately, these were almost -- these were completely offset by the reduction that we had to take in our discount rates. So our discount rate, on a global basis, dropped by about 110 basis points, which leaves us with our plans at about 81% funded, or a net unfunded pension liability of about $1.2 billion. In terms of working capital performance, we continue to focus on -- that's an off-scenario focus on us, and I'm pleased to say that if you look at our full year performance, we really look at trade working capital, which is inventory payables and receivables. And if you look at those 3 items in particular, our trade working capital as a percentage of sales fell to down -- by 10 basis points to 6.7%. On the other hand, you'll see it on a -- from a non-trade perspective, we did have a use of working capital in the year. And that really is higher levels of income, tax and the VAT receivables, particularly outside the U.S. Those on a year-over-year basis grew by about $320 million, and that just reflects it's just taking longer to get our tax returns processed and our VAT receivables out to some of the financially distressed sovereigns, so... In terms of working capital investment for the first time in several quarters, we saw a year-over-year decline, so we're down about 6% this quarter to $398 million. If you look at our full year capital investment, we're at $1.8 billion. And as we've talked about before, for 2013, we do see our CapEx levels trending down to the $1.4 billion to the $1.5 billion level. In terms of our balance sheet, we ended the year with a -- in a strong position. We repaid about $250 million of debt in the fourth quarter and we ended the year with debt-to-total capitalization of about 33%, which is up marginally from where we were at the end of last year. On Page 15, I'll maybe just make a few comments on our restructuring activities. And as we recall, during our Q3 call, we did talk about the fact that we're going to take further charges here in the fourth quarter, so maybe I'll just provide a little bit more color on what we've done here. Just really putting our actions into context, we do remain concerned about the overall situation in Europe and the fact that many of Building Efficiency's markets aren't yet showing signs of improvement. And that's really what the -- what our restructuring charge is really seeking to address. We took a charge of $245 million, about 20% of that is noncash. If you look at where the actions are focused, it's really on -- it's rightsizing our European operations in both Automotive and Building Efficiency. In addition, we intend to discontinue lead-processing operations in our Shanghai Power Solutions facility, and we're looking to downsize some of our Building Efficiency operations in South America. Those would be the focus areas for the charge here. You can see that as on -- we've indicated on the slide, we expect to be significantly complete with this program by the end of 2014, and we're looking at net saving in 2013 of approximately $120 million as a result of these charges. And now maybe to turn to Slide 16, and I'm -- I'll just finish up here in terms of some color, some additional color, on 2013 and our outlook here. And I guess, sort of as Steve mentioned in his remarks, I guess we'd sort of characterize the macroeconomic environment as challenging. Our first half, we see as being particularly so. We really don't anticipate what we're going to see a tickup in business confidence, which really impacts our Building Efficiency order flow to improve and -- especially here in North America until we see some resolution to the U.S. fiscal cliff. In terms of the European automotive market, we're planning on the basis of that market being down 10%. And at that level, we'd be at nearly a 20-year low in terms of vehicle production in that geography. In terms of Latin America and Asia, we do expect to see continued growth there, but it's going to be at lower levels than we've experienced over the last few years. And I guess, as we indicated earlier, we will have a more detailed commentary on our outlook here at our Analyst Meeting on December 19. But from a headline perspective, what we're sort of flagging here is that we see 2013 earnings as being flat to up slightly, with our first half EPS being down significantly. A couple of the headwinds, or a few of have the headwinds that we face in the first half would be, we do expect to see lower revenues and that's really going to be as a result of both lower, declining orders that we're seeing in Building Efficiency, a challenged market in Europe. And just to sort of size Europe, for those on the call here, Europe represents just under 40% of our total revenue. We also have some currency headwinds that we're facing in the first quarter in particular, and we continue to experience an uncertain demand in the North American aftermarket. We do have, and if you look at our restructuring charges, we do have, within our guidance here, approximately $0.08 to $0.10 of nonqualified restructuring-related costs, and we also have a higher effective tax rate at 20%, versus an average rate of 18% in 2013. We do expect to see some improvement in our European Automotive operations, though the benefits are going to be skewed towards the latter part of the year, really owing to the fact that we expect to see the volume weakness that I've referred to earlier. And then lastly, throughout the first and, to some extent, the second quarter, we will have slightly higher levels of core acquisition cost that are expected to be behind us by midway point in 2013. And so with that, Glen, I'll sort of wrap up, and we'll open it up to Q&A.
Glen Ponczak: Corey, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Brian Johnson of Barclays, you may ask your question.
Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I -- two questions around the 2013 outlook. One is a little bit of housekeeping. The $0.08 to -- 2 things around the housekeeping. $0.08 to $0.10 EPS impact, is that spread through the year, or is that first half loaded?
R. Bruce McDonald: It's primarily first half, Brian.
Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And does this guidance -- where does it bake in some of the pension accounting that you've been talking about?
R. Bruce McDonald: It's within there.
Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And so is there a year-over-year pension impact?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, it would be -- well, if you look at the impact, the positive impact from the pensions, about $0.08 in 2012. It'll be less than that going into 2013, because we've -- in it -- we've got lower discount rates, and we have -- we're bringing down our planned return on assets as well. So it is a benefit of -- it's -- I'm not going to get into what specific number, as I don't have that with me, but it's less than $0.08.
Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But not significant. I guess the real question then is, it sounds like you're being a little, I -- we think appropriately conservative on European production, fiscal first half. But really, what is the pace of the operational improvements, at what point can we separate the macro impact from what we were hoping to see in terms of some reengineering improvements? And just how is that likely to proceed during the year? Because if I look at the first half, it seems like you're saying softer B revenues, certainly North America looks better. So is it, I guess, A, is it the true that most of the weakness is coming from Europe in first half; and B, kind of how does that pace improve through the year?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, I mean, maybe to help you out there, I think if you look at our profitability challenges in what we report as Europe, I would really be -- it would be really be 3 things, okay? First of all would be, we've talked about South America. That's probably the smallest issue. That's a business where this year, we probably lost $40 million to $50 million, and I'd say, we expect to see that halved next year, okay? And that wouldn't be a first half, second half thing, I mean that's certain to -- we're on an improving trend line there. Second would be our Interiors business in Europe. And I guess I would tell you that whilst we do expect some improvement there, just the length of the time that it takes to address from our footprint, and when we'll see a bit of an improvement in our European automotive operations next year, but that's really going to be more of a 2014 step up. And then in terms of our Metals business, I mean this would be the one, and if you looked at Metals overall, we -- we've got, roughly, a 4% negative ROS in that business, and our goal is that by the end of the year, I want to exit the year with that business at a run rate of like a 2% to 3% ROS, close. So that's kind of what the improvement program that we have in place there drives to.
Stephen A. Roell: Brian, little bit more color to that last one, in terms of the sequencing of that, why it'll take place in the second half. Last call in, back in July, I talked about a couple of the work streams that we're focused on. One of them is operationally-based, one is purchasing-based. And so what we're doing is we're moving our Metals purchasing to the east, #1. And secondly, in our -- in terms of our operations where we're actually going and using some of the new processes that we inherited from Hammerstein on how we, as an example, how we merged the track, the 2 pieces. So we're changing processes, as Bruce mentioned, we're moving our -- moving footprints to Mexico, moving to Hungary, doing things in the U.K. So that's why those are going to build up momentum as we go through the year.
Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And in terms of what you're assuming about customer pricing, put in context, Lear indicated its European seating businesses was about 3.5%, and obviously they don't have interiors and maybe not as much metals. But they didn't seem to report the same kind of pricing pressure that you had. Is that because the pricing is more on interiors? Or is it because the way you sequence customer recoveries between calendar third and fourth quarter?
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, that's interesting. I -- there's a couple of things, I guess. First of all, I would tell you, I think the customer recovery requests are getting stronger, getting higher, we'll start with that, okay? I think that claims processing is being extended, the way it has been, let's say, over the last 2 years. So you got 2 factors. You got 1 where, there's a request for more price down and that's difficult in some markets where markets are sluggish. The claims are taking -- that's part of our issue in the fourth quarter. We should have actually had better results with some of our claims processing and recovery from the -- the customers actually got delayed. We also did some things in our Q4, Brian, where we actually, with 1 global OE, we negotiated a settlement for not only '12 but all of '13 at the same time. That's the kind of environment that we find ourselves in. I think that there's tremendous pressure on the number of OEs in terms of profitability, and I guess it's not a -- I wouldn't distinguish between Seating and Interiors, and I wouldn't distinguish between Europe and North America. Most of these are being resolved on a global basis.
Operator: Chris Ceraso of Credit Suisse, you may ask your question.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Have you thought about maybe exiting the Interior business? I know Lear did that years ago, and now your separating out the results between Seating and Interior. It just seems like that market is too crowded, there's a lot of material risk, and it's just tough to make money in that business. And most customers, correct me if I'm wrong, are less interested in sourcing the complete interior. So what's your latest thought on staying in that business?
Stephen A. Roell: We aren't separating it out because we want to dispose of it. I think it's clearly, we want to bring a new focus on it. We recognize its capital investment intensity is much different. And so we want to focus on the returns. We think there are ways to be profitable in this business. There are players in interiors who are. And we -- Chris, I guess to your comment, I would concur with you that complete Interiors is not something right now that the customers are looking at. But it's an important market for us, in terms of our technology, it's important for us in terms of how we partner around the world with some of our customers. So we are committed to it, and we believe that we can achieve reasonable returns or we find ways to exit.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, Chris, maybe just to help you out, if you actually look at our -- the returns in the interior business, we -- it's a very profitable business for us, both in China and North America. Our real issue's in Europe, specifically. And I think it is fair to say that there are some product areas within our current portfolio that we're looking at, with a view to possibly getting out of if we can't improve the pricing. But our challenge in Interior's really European-centric, not global.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, within the rough guidance for '13, have you factored in the expected losses from your acquisition of A123, and how much do you expect that business to lose in 2013?
Stephen A. Roell: No, we've not. And it's a little premature to be talking about A123. There's still a lot of things that have to take place and occur in that business, so no, there's no fact- -- we've not factored anything relative to that transaction in 2013, yes.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just a big picture, like 1/2 or 1/3 or whatever, however you want to frame it, can you just give us an idea of how much of the better second half '13 performance do you think is macro, i.e. recovery in orders and building or autos, versus how much is company-specific self-help restructuring?
Stephen A. Roell: Let me frame it a different way, if I could, Chris, okay? If I look at some of the internal things we can do, let's think about the restructuring savings that we identified for you, that's internal. The improvement in our Metals operations, that's internal. The avoidance to some of the cost we incurred last year, relative to the China disruption, that's internal. On top of that, we really don't have any headwinds to speak of in launch cost in 2013, in engineering recovery. Commodities, while they're going to be higher, is not a big issue. So if I look at it, we can point to a lot of things that are within our control that we can -- that I would say are positive. On the negative side, it's a macro environment. And that's really where our uncertainty regarding the European build, being concerned about maybe the North American, certain of the North American and global construction markets. So I would say macro issues are what's causing us to be concerned. Our internal -- the things we can control internally, we feel very good about.
R. Bruce McDonald: I would add to that, I think, it's -- we're not, I think, going over what you're asking about, getting to the bottom of here, Chris, is we are not forecasting that in the second half of the year, the economy is going to improve, and that's going to pick up. I think, for us, it really isn't going to be a factor in Automotive, and it potentially could be a benefit for us in Building Efficiency. But we'll see that, the signs of that coming through our pipeline and order activity. And right now, we don't see any reason to believe it's going to get better in the second half.
Operator: Joseph Spak of RBC Capital Markets, you may ask your question.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Sorry if you -- I did sort of lose connection for a little bit, but just on the pace of margin of improvement in Europe. I mean, is it possible that we can get to a breakeven point by the end of 2013, in Europe?
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, yes, I would say so. I think -- we'll -- I think when we have our Analyst Meeting in December, I'm going to kind of hold off on that one. I think we'll -- we would -- I mean, clearly, we -- we're going to provide a lot more detail around the cadence of our operational improvement and what we're doing to really address our Metals challenges. And when Bill Jackson is presenting interiors, I mean, clearly, the turnaround in Europe will be front and center there. So I don't expect -- I mean, if you sort of look at our overall European business today, like I said, it's at a 0.5% loss for the full year, and we don't -- we aren't forecasting that we're going to exit next year in a loss-making position.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then can you just remind us, you're moving to seating interiors and electronics. Are -- is that fairly evenly split among the geographies? Or is -- it sounds like maybe Europe's a little bit overexposed to interiors and electronics?
R. Bruce McDonald: I actually don't know the answer to that off the top of my head. I think what we will do, though, is we won't wait until January to provide some -- we're going to free and kind of give out to the Street some information, like saying, Here's this year's numbers, and here's the sort of restated numbers on a comparable segment basis. We'll get that out earlier to help people do their modeling.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then finally, with just the restructuring in Europe and Auto. I mean, it sounds like it -- most of the restructuring you guys have announced thus far is probably in interiors. Is there more that can be done on the seating side, or do you need to sort of wait to see how automaker capacity shakes out there?
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, I've -- it isn't all in Interiors. I guess what I -- what would probably be accurate to say is, if you looked at facilities that were closing, there's not really a lot of them in right at this point in time. It's more a question of new volumes are going down, so we have to take our headcount levels down.
Operator: Matt Stover of Guggenheim, you may ask your question.
Matthew T. Stover - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Couple of questions. First, you may have gone over this in the commentaries, so I apologize if you -- if we're going over trod land, but if we look at the change in the weakness in the backlogs in the Building Efficiency business in North America, do you think that this would change meaningfully after some sort of resolution with regards to election, the fiscal cliff, or does this portend sort of weakness throughout '13 and into '14? And I have a follow-up question.
Stephen A. Roell: Well, it's interesting, we look at the backlog, just to go back to what Chris talked about. The increase we see in the backlog, is in Asia. But if I look at, Matt, if I look at the institutional market, okay, and I'll try to address your fiscal cliff comment, if I look at where demand is held up or it hasn't, orders in the quarter, orders for the year, in pipeline, the softness that we've seen in the institutional markets, patterns that in both the educational, the K-12 and higher ed and health care. Where our data is vastly different than the market, is we continue to see reasonable growth in state and local government, and good growth in federal. So we have not seen a fall-out yet on the federal side of the marketplace. That's the best way I can describe it to you. I think that, that's been our history here for a couple of years, where the government side of the businesses has held up very well, and provide a good growth opportunity.
Matthew T. Stover - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: I mean, how about in the overall market? Or do you get a sense of folks are withholding in terms of next year, just kind of concerned about that one?
Stephen A. Roell: I don't think it's the fiscal cliff, I think it's other things, okay? I think there's just a great deal of uncertainty, and there's not a lot of demand. I mean, there's not a lot of growth in the underlying economy. There's a lot of cash on the balance sheets. There's a lot of need for them to look at ways to reduce their cost, and energy efficiency's a good one. So I think that -- it's mixed. Let me give you a few more tidbits here. If -- when we talk about the pipeline, some of the areas that we have seen picked up recently is some of the solutions activity, bidding activity. And that's the one that Bruce described, where we saw the orders off so far in the fourth quarter, but activity's trying to pick up again. We just talked to our Asian management yesterday in China, and they're actually seeing some, I wouldn't say a strong demand, but they feel there's good demand out there in China yet. The area that we probably get the best sense for the economy is what we call our project work within our Service business. Our truck base is okay, Matt. We still grew truck base. But the service work that we get associated with that, that salesforce, is what -- where we probably get a sense where people are holding back. They're not doing small projects. Those are [indiscernible] of the projects.
Matthew T. Stover - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then the other question is on the automotive side, the commercial recovery. Can you give us a sense of what the value of that impact was for the fourth quarter? And is that a question of the recovery gets pushed out in the first quarter or is just the recovery gone?
Stephen A. Roell: Our recovery's not gone, but it get pushed out, whether it's the first quarter, but then -- it's not what we're going to see, a sudden recovery in the first fiscal quarter. I said that those are things are just getting pushed out in general. And so things we would've recovered in the fourth quarter, probably push in the first, first gets pushed to the second. So I think it's just a function that the -- and this is consistent with -- when you listen to other calls from the auto suppliers. There just has been a tendency to see commercial claims push. And just a function of the economy, I think. And they're...
Matthew T. Stover - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: No, I understand that. And that's just sort of typically what happens, but I'm trying to describe that with the outlook for the first and second quarter given the deltas in production rates. Because holding the volume constant, if you're delaying recoveries that would've occurred in fiscal Q4 for you folks into the first quarter of next year, and then comparing and contrasting that to significantly down versus last year. I'm just trying to balance it.
R. Bruce McDonald: I guess Matt, keep in mind, I would say our first quarter, which is calendar Q4, is not and never has been a very good in terms of commercial claims, because our -- mostly our customers are year-end. So most of the time, we don't do very well. So there's little to no chance that some things that maybe we thought we were going to recover in this quarter, that we'll get them in Q -- in our first quarter.
Stephen A. Roell: It looks like that.
Operator: Rich Kwas of Wells Fargo, you may ask your question.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Building Efficiency, Steve. So last year, you took some restructuring activity, and I guess you cut some SG&A out earlier in the calendar year. You got some benefit from that. How are you thinking about margins for Building Efficiency? And I understand you're going to be doing a lot more detail in December, but how should we think about the benefits you've accrued so far from some of the actions you took earlier in the year?
Stephen A. Roell: Well, 2 things. First of all, some of the actions we took in the first half of the year will still have benefits and provide year-over-year -- just by themselves, year-over-year benefit in the Q1 and Q2 of our fiscal year. I think our focus right now, with Dave and the team, is primarily trying to protect our continued margin expansion by looking at contingency efforts in case volumes do soften further. So that's really where our focus is right now. But there -- definitely we expect margin expansion to continue to be in fiscal 2013.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And that's even kind of considering that's a tougher quarter environment right now?
Stephen A. Roell: That's correct.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on the restructuring, the $120 million in savings, Bruce, what's the risk you don't get that? I assume that's not a run rate, that's an actual number for the full year, but what's the risk that the, that to your payback gets extended a bit, given everything going on in Europe right now?
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, keep in mind, Rich, I said that's net, right? So I -- actually, we have about $0.08 to $0.10 of nonqualifying, we think costs that we can accrue, like moving tools and inventory banks, and those types of costs that are headwind for us, it's in the first half of the year in particular. So if you take the gross, the gross savings, it's a much stronger pace of payback. I guess, I would -- if I was looking at the items that we have there, we got a pretty good track record of delivering on the savings. There's nothing -- I would tell you that the riskier things in the past have tended to be where we're closing some plant and moving it into a brand new location, and there's very little, if any, of that in there. So I think it is, it's just standard, sort of headcount-related reductions to move volumes. It's the Power Solutions facility in China that's been idle for some time, and we're paying the workers. So that cost goes away. I think it's very low risk.
Stephen A. Roell: We've got great oversight. We've got people who report to Bruce who are dedicated to tracking this. And it's -- from that standpoint, I think the surety of it and our ability to view it, what's transpiring, and if there are any issues, we know them early. I think it's pretty good, Rich.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then one last one. What was the dollar number in terms of the cost headwind for the quarters this quarter?
R. Bruce McDonald: Rich, I don't have that figure off the top of my head, but I guess, I could -- would tell you it's sort of in that -- as we go into this current quarter, it's probably in the $15 million to $20 million range. So it's trending down, it was like, I think we said $40 million in Q3. So it's somewhere in between there.
Operator: Colin Langan of UBS, you may ask your question.
Colin Langan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Could you just remind us of the timing difference between, it seems like Building Efficiency's sales are down, but the backlog is up and the orders are down. So with the backlog and orders are kind of a -- what kind of time frame lead are they indicative of?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, I think, if you look at our backlog, it typically would flow through, and it sort of would depend. In the equipment side, it's shorter, 9 to, say, 9 months on average. On the controls side, it's -- it could be 15 or 18 months, would sort of be typical. I think one of the reasons, Colin, you can't sort of put the 3 of them together is there is some of our business that doesn't go through the backlog. And that would be like our truck-based Service business. It would be the Residential business, so those...
Stephen A. Roell: GWS.
R. Bruce McDonald: GWS. So those aren't flowing through the -- that sort of standard model that you're referring to.
Colin Langan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. So but from the backlog, where you should normally see 9 months out, some benefit is normal?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. But I think the best -- I mean, if you want to look at, sort of forward visibility, I'd say the best thing to focus on is the orders, because if we, if our order intake, like we said in the quarter, is down 10%, it's just -- and -- or turns negative, it's just a matter of time until our backlog's going to turn negative. And backing it up, we really talk about our pipeline, our quoting activity, and that -- that will be the first thing that we see start to pick up, we're hoping, as Steve indicated, we are seeing some signs of recovery there. But the time it's taking to, quote, "to win," is being extended right now. And I would say that, that is, just -- that it's a factor of there being a lot of uncertainty in the marketplace. People are being cautious before we decided to go ahead with some of our programs.
Colin Langan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And any color on -- you have Europe, you're expecting Europe to be down double digits. Is that more first half weighted? I mean, is that reflected in your view for the first half earnings being a lot worse? Or is that pretty much even throughout the year, a 10% decline?
R. Bruce McDonald: It's pretty much even, Colin. I mean, you may have seen there's a recent IHS, I think the last IHS numbers for Europe were better than that. But if you take our -- we're talking about our fiscal year. If you adjust for our fiscal year, we're right on top of IHS, so we expect to be down here in Q1 and down for the full year. And that's kind of been a change for us, up until about, really, this quarter. We've outperformed the market there, because the -- particularly because of our German customers have been strong, and were tend to be underrepresented at, in Fiat and French customers.
Operator: Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley, your line is open.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: If I can ask a follow-up on the guidance. Steve, you'd said that -- you delayed your Analyst Day because you said you wanted more clarity on macro and the fiscal cliff and elections and those kind of things. So and you've given us some preliminary guidance now. Have you gotten more visibility into 2013? Or is this kind of a level of guidance that you're pretty comfortable achieving, kind of, unless the macro gets significantly worse or something?
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, I think it has. I think, if you go back in time, you go back to July, we made this decision, we thought that there was, that the market was really starting to weaken, or that some of leading indicators that we had, and yet it wasn't being reflected that any forecast or projections or EPS changes, okay? I think if you look at this quarter, now we recently have some reality that set in, regarding just how difficult the environment is, not just in the U.S., but also the fact it's slowing and then also Europe. So I think that we do have more clarity. I think that we've seen order rates now for another 90 days. We've seen the opportunity to watch what's happening in the building markets, a better feel, certainly for what we think in Europe. So it did give us a lot more clarity. We still have analysts who haven't adjusted their forecasts since July. We're 90 days, 90 days-plus, and 40% of our analysts haven't really adjusted their numbers yet. So I think that we just wanted, really, for the analysts and the Street to get a better sense for the economic environment, the climate that we're really operating in. So I do think we have a much better discussion than we'll have now, given the economic realities that we see in the marketplace.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And also, can you help with a little more color on the segmentation change in Auto. I don't know why you're going away from the geographic split towards the business-wise split. And is that kind of how you're thinking about internally, also, that you're looking more individual businesses? And does that risk taking away some of the focus away from Europe, which clearly is the area you need to pay the most attention to right now?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, I'd say, I wouldn't read a lot into that, this change, Ravi. I mean, under the SEC guidance, we're required to represent segment data that reflects how we manage the company. And when we make a change to the way we manage the company, we have to go back and relook at our segments with our auditors. And so this is a change that we need to make. In no way will this impact our focus on Europe, and it's also -- we're also not going to go radio silent in terms of how our business is doing in a geographic basis either.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, please realize that. I think going back to my comments, Ravi, the primary focus is the fact that these are much different businesses in the context of their capital intensity, the business models, the footprints, everything else. And for that reason, we just had to bring a better focus to that -- to the capital and returns on this business. And that's why we're doing it, and that's what we explained to all the customers. They understand. So we'll find a way to make sure that -- we're not trying, in any way -- to be transparent with our European results of that, that'll clearly be there, it'll be there in 2 ways. We'll talking about it within Seating, as is pertains to our Metals operation; and we'll be talking to it about Interiors, specifically, okay?
Glen Ponczak: Okay, thanks, everybody, for participating. Dave and I will be available to take phone calls for the balance of the day. And stay safe out there, for all, everyone on -- in the East Coast. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-07-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Ponczak Stephen A. Roell - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee R. Bruce McDonald - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division H. Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Vice President, Glen Ponczak. Sir, you may begin.
Glen Ponczak: Thank you, Pat. Well, good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Before we begin in the call today, I'd like to remind you that Johnson Controls will make forward-looking statements in this presentation pertaining to its financial results for fiscal 2012 and beyond that are based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates and forecasts. For those statements, the company cautions that numerous important factors such as automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, the strength of the U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellation of or changes to commercial contracts, changes in timing or levels of investments in commercial buildings, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of the company's most recent Form 10-K filing, which was filed November 22, 2011, could affect the company's actual results and could cause its actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by, or on behalf of, the company. In a few moments, I'll turn it over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Roell, who will give us an overview of the quarter and some of the market conditions. After that, Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will do a more in-depth review of the business results and provide an overview of the financial performance in the quarter. That will be followed by questions and answers, and we will end at the top of the hour. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Stephen A. Roell: Okay. Well, thank you, Glen, and good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call. This morning, in our third fiscal quarter results, we reported that earnings were up 50%, record levels for the period. And I just want to start by expressing my appreciation to the JCI employees, that listen to this broadcast, for their contributions to our results. But I also want to quickly acknowledge that we fell short of the guidance that we provided on the call just 3 months ago, and we'll go through some of the details that led to that. But during the quarter, there were many times where we were confident in our ability to achieve that 20% growth that we projected. But ultimately, the slowdown in the European market and the escalation of lead cost in our Power Solutions business were just too much to overcome. Now, I guess, I would just as a comment here tell you that, that the shortfall from the guidance we provided to you, we could easily explain just by -- simply by the Power Solutions business shortfall in lead. And I'll explain to you what that is in just a second. If we look at the numbers, in terms of the results, sales of $10.6 billion were slightly higher than last year. If we adjust for foreign exchange, our growth was 7% year-over-year. As the slide indicates the impact from a standpoint of pure dollars was about $515 million just due to FX. Our segment income increased 14% to $615 million. That yielded net income of $466 million, a 15% increase. These are all non-GAAP numbers. We think these are the more accurate numbers to look at. EPS was $0.64 per share. You can see there how they compared to the $0.56 a year ago. Now let me turn to the market conditions that are impacting our business and how they're likely to affect our upcoming quarter. In general, I guess, I make the statement that we've seen demand slow across several of our industries and geographic markets. Clearly, the one exception has been the North American auto market, where production was up 27% in the third quarter. But I think even that good news is tempered by the most recent outlook for the current quarter, our fourth fiscal quarter where production growth is expected to slow to about 4%. The European market, auto market in the quarter continued to soften with industry sales declining 5%. And that pressure, as you can imagine, is expected to continue. And turning to the Building side, nonresidential building markets are not recovering at the rate that we had originally anticipated. And we've had to align our spending and cost structure accordingly. I think we've talked about that throughout the fiscal year. I think Dave and his team have done a great job of doing that, as evidenced by their improvement this quarter. But just turning back to the industry, domestic growth in the first 9 months for us has really been concentrated in state, local and federal government sectors, as well as the commercial buildings, airports and life sciences. But the institutional sector of education and healthcare, where we have a very strong presence, has declined. And I know some of you that follow the building market are probably familiar with the Dodge Report, and its projected that the institutional market will contract 10% in calendar 2012. Again, for those of you who also follow that sector recognize that the Architectural Billings Index has stagnated the last 3 months after being up 5 months prior to that. International building markets, we continue to see good growth in Asia and the Middle East. The Western Europe remains depressed, particularly in Southern Europe, and I think you all understand what's happening there. I want to go back down and explain to you what we saw at -- in the Power Solutions business relative to lead. We normally don't talk about lead. We haven't had to talk about junk batteries again for a long time. We saw something that was very uncharacteristic; we haven't experienced in some time, and that is just a lack of retail activity at the aftermarket where we are dependent upon collecting what we call junk batteries or cores. Now we need that -- those cores and junk to be able to recycle those to produce new batteries and provide those to our tollers and also to supply our smelters. That demand, or I should say that the lack of retail, which has been really uncharacteristic across-the-board in North America has resulted in a shortage of cores. We haven't seen that before. And as a result, we had to go through and actually pay up to get that -- to get the cores we needed to meet our tolling arrangements, as well as to start up our smelter operations. I'm going to tell you that year-over-year, that impact is roughly $40 million. So if you dollar out -- put a dollar or a percent share on that, that will explain almost the entire shortfall that we didn't expect coming into the period. It's a timing issue. We know the cores will come. We know that as soon as retail picks back up, we'll see that in the fall and winter, so we expect that not to continue -- extend beyond the current quarter. We are seeing it continue in the month of July and thats part of our concern about the fourth quarter forecast. But I wanted to just highlight that, that issue of buying cores and at the prices we had to pay, is a $40 million decline in earnings year-over-year in that segment. And that really was not expected in our forecast when we provided you the guidance in -- back in April. But there certainly are a number of our businesses that are performing exceptionally well. Most notably were the 5 business categories that comprise our Building Efficiency segment, where each of them achieved double-digit earning increases. In total, that segment, as you saw, was up -- income was up 28%. We believe we're gaining share by virtue of the backlog growth that we saw in the orders that weve had this quarter. I'm also encouraged by the bidding activity. We talk oftentimes about our pipeline, and I continue to see that pipeline improving, which may be contrary to what you would expect. And I even see it improving in some of the institutional sectors that we monitor. I also expect Building Efficiency to show margin improvement again in the fourth quarter. We've guided that all year that we said it would be in second half. I think you saw that happen in a big way in Q3. Contrary to what you're hearing from some other markets and industries regarding China, I would have to tell you that China is performing -- our markets there are performing very consistent with what we expected as we are coming in the fiscal year. I'm talking primarily around Building Efficiency and Automotive Experience. Bruce will highlight some of the increases we had. But at this point in time, we see the China market performing and holding up well for us. In the near term, higher temperatures are driving HVAC service demand; that did not happen in June. We're hoping to see some of that in July and August. We're seeing the shortening battery life, certainty from the higher temps, which will bode well for us in the upcoming year. And certainly, it's supporting our growth in the residential air conditioning markets, which again, Bruce will highlight for you. In recognition of some of the market conditions, we opted to take a $52 million restructuring charge in Q3, primarily to reduce our staffing in Europe and building efficiency in automotive. We're currently planning to take further action in Q4, and again, a lot of that or a high proportion of it is tied to what we see in the European market softening in the view that, that market is going to remain soft for the midterm. And certainly, we faced in -- it has basically caused us in Q4 to lower earnings guidance to the 0 to 5% growth. The factors that prompted us to change our projections come -- from the previous guidance are as follows: First would be the weaker battery demand early in the quarter and the higher lead cost. I mentioned to you that what we saw in Q3, we've seen continue in the month of July. We're seeing increasing weakness in our European businesses. It's difficult to get improvement in the automotive metals business in Q4 because of the shutdown period and lower production levels. And in general, I think we're just to the point where we're seeing things like commercial negotiations extend longer in automotive. So it's just a number of factors and we looked at those, and said it's time for us just to go back and let's be a little more conservative and if they come fine, but we're having difficulty forecasting the timing of some of these issues. And so we thought it best just to lower the guidance, and we'll see. But I do want to come back and also highlight our midterm and long-term views. The next slide really covers that. I want to just go through that real quickly with you. The things we've talked about in the past that drive our stock and drive our performance are still intact. We have a strong position in SLI batteries; we have the ability to drive higher margins. Weve talked about the vertical integration investments we're making, and again, those are all on track, and we believe they'll be -- they'll bode well for us in 2013 and '14. Investments we're making in AGM battery technology to support our customer demand for Start-Stop vehicles continues to gain momentum. We're well positioned and market leaders in all the emerging -- in the emerging markets in all 3 of our businesses. Higher automotive margins via our seating metals strategy. We believe that, that's still a core strategy and key to us as we drive to a core product portfolio and standardization. And finally, Building Efficiency with its market share gains through it's -- our ability to help our customers improve energy efficiency and reduce greenhouse gas footprints. So those are again the factors we've talked to you about that are the core to Johnson Controls and our long-term strategy and value, and we believe those are all intact. We just have to deal with some of the headwinds in the near term. So with that, I want to have Bruce go through and highlight some of the third quarter by-business results. Bruce?
R. Bruce McDonald: Okay. Thanks, Steve. Well, good morning. As you'll note in our press release, we did have a couple of nonoperational items this year and last year and I'll maybe just talk on those. So for this year, they netted to a charge of about $0.03. And as Steve indicated in his comments, some $52 million of restructuring charges. And we also had some nonrecurring tax benefits of $22 million, which reflect valuation allowance releases in certain foreign jurisdictions associated with improved levels of profitability. In the year-ago quarter, you'll recall we had a $0.04 charge associated with the acquisition of Keiper. And so as I really talk through the 3 business segment here, I'm going to exclude these items from my comments. So starting off with Building Efficiency. I'd say, overall, superb quarter here, especially when we look at the state of the major markets that they participate in. Sales were down 2%. If you back out foreign exchange, we are actually up about 1%. We saw good revenue growth in both GWS, which was up 7% in Asia, up 7%. Again, those numbers are without foreign exchange, although this was largely offset with softness in Latin America, Europe and the Middle East. In aggregate, if you look at our North American businesses, I mean, I'm talking about our systems and services business that focus on the nonresidential markets, we were down about 2% in the quarter. Residential was a bright spot for us. That's one of our higher-margin businesses. And you can see on our slide, we've talked about the fact that our revenue was up 24%. On a unit shipments basis, we're up about 20%. I guess, what I would note, if you look at the mix within our residential business, what you're seeing is the sales of the lower efficiency-type products are doing exceptionally well. If you look at the higher end, the energy efficiency furnaces and air conditioners, well, those volumes are comparable to year-ago levels. So really seeing, I guess, a trading down phenomenon in the residential space. But nonetheless, it's good to see the volume start to finally improve after several years of sluggish demand there. Look at the segment income, up 28% at $264 million. If you look at our margins here, we're up about 160 basis points to 6.9%. And as Steve mentioned in his comments, all 5 of the business segments within Building Efficiency reported double-digit margin improvement with GWS and North America kind of leading the way here, up 86% and 49%, respectively. If you really look at what the drivers were there, we saw better labor utilization of our service workforce. We started to see the benefits of some of the technology investments that we've made in our North America services business. And also several of the restructuring initiatives that we've taken over the last few quarters, a dividend for us in the third quarter here. Turning to Power Solutions. We had a tough quarter, as Steve mentioned in his remarks, really reflecting the weak demand outlook, particularly here in North America. If we looked at our point-of-sale data from our customers, what we're seeing, our sales to our customers are down 2% or 3%. What we're seeing at point-of-sale, unfortunately, here is volumes being down 8% to 10%, particularly in May and June and as we start into July here. So we've got a little bit of an inventory buildup in the channel, the aftermarket retail channels here in North America. And that, combined with the lead, are 2 factors that are going to carry over here in the fourth quarter. So we're hoping that, that inventory bulge kind of blows through here in the fourth quarter. The lead issue is a one-quarter phenomena, so we're hoping we get back into the Q1 of 2013 more in balance here. If you look at the revenues, down 2% -- or sorry, up 2%, excluding foreign currency. Unit shipments were -- had a good performance in OE side, North America really leading the way, but in aggregate, up 4%; aftermarket, up just 2%. Looking at the segment income, down 9%. Theres where we really saw the impact of the spent cores in terms of the impact on our results. It has kind of exasperated for us here as we start up the launch of our South Carolina smelter in this quarter. I guess, I'd just remind folks that in Power Solutions, we're on LIFO basis. So we have to think about the startup of the facility. We have to buy roughly one million units at the current prevailing market rates, which are extremely high. Unfortunately, when we bookkeep that, we put them into inventory at our long-ago historic cost. And that really drives a charge in the quarter. And as Steve said, if you look at the second -- third quarter here, the impact is about $0.05 a share just from this lead issue. Turning to Automotive Experience. We did deliver a solid quarter here, although I would acknowledge it was below our expectations, really due to the deteriorations that we're starting to see in the European market and the weaker euro. Look at our sales increases by territory. We saw sales up overall, 7%, 13% if you sort of back out foreign currency. And there's where you really see the impact of our backlog flowing through the revenue line. If you look at it geographically, in North America, we are up 31% against a 27% industry increase. If you'll recall, that number seems very high. If you really look behind the details, what you see is the Japanese customers really bouncing back from the depressed levels associated with the tsunami last year. Europe, if we take out currency, we were flat versus a 5% lower industry production level. And in Asia, we're up 24%. And as Steve said in his comments, we were pleased to see our results in China do well for us. For automotive, if you look at our sales, which are primarily through nonconsolidated joint ventures, we're up 24% to $1.2 billion. And you kind of need to compare that against passenger car volume, which in the quarter were up about 13%. So again, good strong outperformance in all 3 of our geographic territories versus the market. Turning to segment income. We're up about 18% to $202 million. We did benefit from higher volumes in North America and Asia. But this was partially offset by Europe where we swung back into a loss position in the quarter. If you look at the issues that we're facing in Europe, we did start to see some of the impacts of lower volumes. If you listened in to our earlier calls, we've largely been insulated from that because most the deterioration tended to be in the French and Italian markets where we would say we have been underexposed. But now we're seeing more broad-based reductions in production, and that's starting to impact us like the rest of the sector here. We also would acknowledge that within our European numbers, we roll off South America, largely because that market is dominated by European OEs. And that business has turned from a profitable position in the year-ago period to a loss-making position. That swing for us on a quarterly basis was worth $0.02 or $0.03. And so that's a market that were going to need to focus on rightsizing. And we would acknowledge that we're having a little bit -- we're trailing behind in terms of the operational improvements, the pace of them. Those are metals and interiors businesses in Europe. Nonetheless, if you look at our margins, we did manage to expand margins in the quarter by 110 basis points. And you can see on the slide here, I've kind of indicated what the return on sales was by geography. Turning over to Slide 11 and focusing on the income statement here. As we sort of referred to, sales were up 2% to back out the impact of the euro, which has gone from $1.44 last year to $1.28 this year. Our top line improvement would have been a very respectable 7%. You can see our gross profit, a little bit of pressure versus last year, down 50 basis points. Here, we're really seeing the benefit of higher revenues in our cost reduction initiatives, but it's offset by our business mix. And by that, I mean, automotive being a bigger piece of the pie this year versus last year. Auto has a lower gross margin in our 2 businesses. Well, that's a bit of a headwind here. This is where we also see the impact of the lead input cost flowing through and some of the launch difficulties that we're having in Europe. SG&A, we were pleased to see a 60 -- or 90 basis point reduction in our SG&A expenses, down to 9.4% of revenue. This decrease really represents the focus that we've had on rightsizing our cost structure in light of the current market realities. And if you really look at the SG&A expenses by business unit, really, Building Efficiency is where we're seeing the most traction, and we've gotten the benefit of the recent restructuring initiatives. We also point out that we did go into this year with a plan to increase SG&A spending in some of our -- to support some of our key growth initiatives. And that would be areas like innovation, our Emerging Market infrastructure, new product development. Those initiatives we're protecting, and we are dialing some of those back. But if you look at those types of things, we are spending more money on a year-over-year basis than we did in the prior year. In terms of equity income, a strong increase, 25% to $70 million. This is really due to 2 things. One, the fact that we've consolidated our hybrid joint venture. That's a business of losses in the prior year, that's now fully consolidated. It doesn't flow through this line. The other factor here would be improvements in profitability in our automotive joint ventures. And so if you look at our segment margins here at $615 million -- or segment income, I'm sorry, we saw a nice segment margin improvement of 60 basis points to 5.8% versus the 5.2% last year. Turning to Slide 12. If you look at financing charges, up about $16 million, very comparable to sort of the year-over-year increases we've been seeing the other few quarters of this year. The higher level of interest expense really associated with higher borrowings to finance the 2011 acquisitions that we made and higher levels of capital expenditures. In the quarter, you can see our underlying tax rate was about 16% versus about 18.5% last year. That reduction really is a fact -- is attributed to the fact that we have a revised mix of where our income is flowing on a geographic basis. So we -- generally, you could sort of take away here. We're making more money in lower tax jurisdictions and less money in higher tax jurisdictions, most notably the U.S. where we've been -- where we're taking a hit on the battery and the lead side. If you look at the income attributable to noncontrolling shareholders, in the past, this has been a bigger year-over-year charge. What I'd point out here is we, in the quarter, we did purchase substantially all of our minority partners in Plastech for $120 million. That is going to bring us about an annual benefit of $20 million on a run rate basis, so we got about $5 million improvement here in the quarter associated with that buyout. Then lastly, in terms of our diluted earnings per share, it came in at $0.64, which is an improvement of 14% versus last year. Let me just make a few comments now on the balance sheet. We're pleased to see our cash provided from operations, $619 million, that was a 70% improvement over last year. You can see CapEx came in at 22% higher at $447 million. If you look at the CapEx number for the company, we continue to believe our full year number is going to be around $1.7 billion. That would imply a pretty significant reduction here as we go into the fourth quarter. Our outlook for the fourth quarter is about $300 million. So the difference, the sort of headwind that we've had all throughout the year of CapEx being way up versus prior year levels is going to flip around here in the fourth quarter, and it's going to be somewhere between $150 million, $160 million year-over-year decline. So that's going to be a source of cash for us as we go into the fourth quarter here. In some of the earlier notes, I did see some comments about the year-to-date cash outflow position that we've taken. And I guess, I would just remind folks that if you do look at our year-to-date numbers, we have about a $400 million outflow associated with discretionary funding of our Pension Plans. And that shows up as a use of working capital. So, yes, it's a cash burn, but on one hand, we're really just taking part of our money that we would otherwise use to reduce debt and better funding our pension plans. At the end of the quarter, our net debt-to-total capitalization was consistent with where we were at the end of the second quarter of 34%. We still have a strong balance sheet, and we do expect to see some further deleveraging here in the fourth quarter which should position us pretty well as we go into 2013. A few comments on the pension and our pension and retiree medical plans. We continue to improve the net funded position. We expect to end the year in the 90%-plus funded rate. Thats really as a result of pretty good asset performance this year, but also the $400 million of discretionary funding that I talked about earlier. Over the course of the last year, we've also taken a look at adopting mark-to-market, a pension accounting methodology. This is a methodology that I'm sure many of you are familiar with on the call here. But a number of large companies have adopted this change, and we believe when you really look at the fundamentals here, it's a simpler and more straightforward methodology that improves financial transparency. So we're going to make this change in the fourth quarter, and we'll book sort of a year-to-date retrospective charge in prior period numbers. So we end up from an accounting perspective, restating prior-year numbers so that we show the impact of the catch-up in our first reported period; then we'll show all comparable periods on a like-for-like basis. If you kind of try to model out what the impact of that would be on 2013, we will see a reduction of our pension expense associated with some of the amortization of prior year losses. However, if you look at the lower discount rate that we're going to be facing in 2013, combined with a reduction that we're going to take in our discount rate as we -- or sorry, a reduction in our expected planned return on assets rate that we're going to take as we derisk our pension plan, those are largely going to offset the impact that we don't expect to be material. So if you really -- I guess really just putting this in perspective, for the last few years, we've kind of been on a path to insulate our financial results from the volatility of pensions and pension accounting. Some of the things that we've done, we've invested about $1.5 billion in discretionary pension contributions. We've closed and frozen the majority of our global defined-benefit plans, and we've adopted a number of more conservative investment strategies to derisk our investment returns, and so, you really need to look at this accounting change in light of all that. It's another step in that process. The other thing I would just point out for our employees that might be listening to the call, is this is just an accounting change. It has absolutely no impact on our funded levels or the benefit levels that we pay to our current and future retirees. Lastly, I'd like to just talk a little bit more about some of the -- some of our restructuring initiatives. We did take some small charges here in the third quarter, and we expect to do more in the fourth quarter. And if you really look at the focus of those, it's going to be on properly aligning our headcount to the sort of market realities that we currently face. We're going to continue with divesting some smaller non-core assets, and we've had a number of those flow through on a year-to-date basis. We do expect to make some footprint changes in certain geographies. And we're going to do some consolidation. And that would be both in some of our manufacturing activities, but also in some of our back-office functions. We do expect to continue to invest in our key strategic growth initiatives, and we're hopeful that these actions, combined with some of the growth initiatives that Steve talked about in his section, are going to enable us to deliver a solid, improved profitable into 2013, even in light of the market environments that we sort of currently face. Then lastly, just on an informational item. We are going to host our Analyst Meeting in New York again, although we're going to change the timing here from what has typically been in the October timeframe to December or January. And really, the key thing here is in pushing it back to this time, we're going to be a lot closer aligned to when some of our peers report, but we also are kind of in a real unique situation where there's a lot of uncertainty around fiscal and monetary policy, particularly in the U.S., but also in Europe. And it's very difficult for us to forecast the economic climate we're in when we've got GDP growth that could swing 4, 4.5 percentage points based on the outcome of some of the legislative changes that we're facing here. So that's really what's driving us to push our timing back to the December, January timeframe. With that, Glen, I will open it up for questions.
Glen Ponczak: Great. Pat, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Ceraso with Credit Suisse.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: A few items. I guess, first, on the battery business. Maybe we can talk about why you don't think these pressures continue past Q4. Do you have -- bought up all the cores that you need, or you're just expecting there'll be more cores available and therefore, the price comes down?
Stephen A. Roell: It's the latter. There'll be more cores. In fact, we expect there are going to be a lot of cores. That would be the normal situation. It's just a function that we have to go into production almost this early to be able to meet the demand. We level our production, and so we're actually at almost full production here from July through the end of the year just to be able to meet the stocking required by the aftermarket. And we think it'll be -- even though, like Bruce described, there's probably a little bit of a pent-up inventory at the aftermarket right now, it's not significant, and so we expect that because of the hot weather and what its doing to the chemistry in the batteries, which it destroys them. And maybe for those of you that are on the phone that don't know that industry, the shortest lives of batteries are in the high heat districts like Vegas and Phoenix. And so the hot heat we're seeing throughout the Midwest and the East and the South is, in fact, weakening the batteries or shortening the battery life. We expect there to be therefore a flood of cores by the fourth quarter. It shouldn't continue beyond that. This is just very unusual, Chris.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: It's somewhat contingent then on an increasing replacement demand, but you think with the heat that, that should happen.
Stephen A. Roell: Or just the normal seasonal pattern will do it, too, okay?
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then also on the batteries, there was -- the weakness in volume overall outside of any kind of weather issues, was any of that attributable to price hikes that have been taken in that market?
Stephen A. Roell: No, I don't believe so. I don't sense that at all. Yes, it's pretty consistent amongst the -- if you sort of look at some of the competitors who have reported sort of similar numbers there.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I have a few questions on the pension. The guidance for Q4, that does not include the change to your pension accounting, right? That's just a pure change based on the fundamentals?
R. Bruce McDonald: That's correct.
Stephen A. Roell: That's correct.
R. Bruce McDonald: Nor does it incur any -- nor does our guidance include any restructuring.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, just aberration.
R. Bruce McDonald: Because we really haven't sized that yet, Chris.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right, okay. And then along the lines of derisking and changing the pension around, have you thought about offering buyouts or shifting to third-party annuities like we've seen from some of the OEMs?
R. Bruce McDonald: We're looking at offering buyouts to deferred vested but that's probably something that we're maybe a year away from.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, on Europe auto, can you maybe sketch out what the path is to improvement here? I mean, you had done these acquisitions and those were supposed to help the margins in Europe, and that hasn't happened. Has that been because the volume is low? Are you feeling, now that you've got more vertical integration, you're even more susceptible to volume? Maybe just help us understand what exactly is happening in Europe and how and when it gets better.
Stephen A. Roell: That's fair, Chris. Let me try to -- this is a question I expected from probably most people on the call here, so I want to take a minute to answer this question appropriately. First of all, let me dispel something. The performance that we have for the Keiper transaction is just exactly what we expected. It's contributing the way we thought. So it's not the Keiper. Issues that we're having are pretty well concentrated in 2 businesses, as we've described. It's the metal operation prior to the acquisition and the business that we're awarded under the old product schemes, okay? And interiors continues to be a drag. But let's talk about metals, which is the one that -- where we expected the biggest improvement and haven't been able to get there. We have 6 different operating, I'll call them, work streams that we're focused on where we've identified and have mapped, I'll call it that, use your comment, Chris, probably hundreds of millions of dollars in the next 18 months. And they had to do with improvement in operations; they had to do with purchasing; they had to do with commercial negotiations. And let me just go into some of how -- what they are in detail and then I'll come back and tell you why timing is an issue for us. There's some things we can get our hands on right away. There's some purchasing opportunities that we have around steel tubes, around motors that we can get our hands on in relatively quick timeframe, meaning over the next 12 months. There are commercial claim processes; there are change processes that we'll get over the long-term and the medium-term. There are some things that we know we're going to benefit from in 2013, such as lower launch cost, and we're going to be shedding containment cost. That's probably a $50 million year-over-year improvement that we can see today just based on the activity that we have. There are some things that are probably over the medium-term, and these you'll understand as I walk them through with you. They would include things like how we design for manufacturing, how we standardize our product lines, how we deploy best practices and best processes. As an example, Hammerstein has an outstanding process that they use for both marrying their tracks and how they stamp rails. And we're deploying them across our product lines. Footprint optimization, what we can do to improve our machine utilization, our labor productivity. Those are all mapped in what we call a tracker. We have -- I'm not going to give out a number, but there are hundreds of millions of dollars we have tracked. What we're trying to do now is refine what we can get to in the near term quarter-by-quarter in fiscal 2013. These are all mapped and expected to be able to happen by mid 2014. So what I'm trying to do is provide some refinements so I can come back and give guidance to our shareholders what that rate of improvement is in the next 6 months, the next year and then more quarter-over-quarter guidance. Thats what I guess I would come out and tell you. So it's a blend of near-term things we know we can get our hands on and there are some things that we need to do to improve the long-term position of the business and standardize our product lines, improve our machine utilization. That's all taking place. And so it's not the new acquisitions. It is the business we were awarded back in 2009 and '10 that we're trying to improve and to making sure that we have the foundation in place and the fundamentals in place to ensure that improvement continues into '14 through '16.
Operator: Brian Johnson with Barclays.
Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So just drilling down a little bit more into the European auto experience. It sounds like the improvement program is in metals. It's not in Hammerstein or Recaro, so it's in the existing metals business. To what extent though -- I guess, a couple of questions, a, is interior still a drag there? We've seen Visteon being unable to sell its business due to pressures in the European interiors markets. And then secondly, while you're reducing costs, the OEMs are, themselves, running into profit pressures. What's your confidence in being able to hold on to these cost reductions in light of pricing pressures and seating? And how are you thinking about that as part of the improvement plan?
Stephen A. Roell: Okay. Let me take a shot and I'll let Bruce come in also. I guess, if you go back to interiors, we still have plans that are a drag. We have product lines that are a drag, and we're actually looking at exiting some product categories, Brian. I think that the market conditions haven't changed. Interiors is a sector which has got overcapacity. And I think most players in that marketplace, whether it be Visteon or some of our other competitors, are -- it's not a new phenomena. The industry has been struggling for some time, okay? I believe that we've got Bill Jackson focused on that business, and that's where -- that's what he's focusing right now. We believe that we'll get some improvement because of that in terms of how we approach the OEs as a standalone business, okay? That's number one. In terms of your comment about the OEs, you're absolutely right. There is some additional pressure, and it's spotty. It's select OEs. We have turned back business where we weren't able to meet the cost reduction request that we were given. We continue to have a strong book of business. But I do think that our job is to protect that. We've been in investment, and it's our job to protect the investment and the margins that we acquired. And so from my perspective, the only way to do that is to be somewhat resistant on price reductions requests. And if that shrinks our business, so be it. I'm managing that business for returns right now.
Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: What -- and just kind of within the quarter, given that production was only down 5%, it looks like your incremental margins were -- decremental margins were very high, x currency. So I see the improvement path. But what was sort of the step back vis--vis on a year-over-year or sequential basis in the business? Was it just volume, or were there other things that popped up?
Stephen A. Roell: Well, remember, too, Brian. In that European number, there's also the South America swing into a loss and...
Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So it's really the South, so that's part of that?
Stephen A. Roell: That's part of that, yes.
Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And is that an improvement plan there or is that just waiting for a better macro real?
Stephen A. Roell: No, it is an improvement plan we have to put in place. Bruce referenced that.
R. Bruce McDonald: I mean, if you kind of look at the South America situation, I mean, it's, in many ways -- I mean, it's obviously, a lot smaller for us. I mean, just the size of South America piece within -- our business now is like 500 million to 600 million to on an annual basis. But if I look at kind of the market fundamentals, it's very tough. You've got -- markets have softened. Currencies have significantly weakened, and the auto industry there is often more susceptible to import components, imported components, which puts a lot of pressure. Labor inflation is extremely high and some of the government policies, particularly in Argentina is tough. And so I think as we are looking at what we can do to improve the situation down there, but we're in a pretty tough market right now, and that's not likely going to change in 2013. Now there are some things that we can do to improve our current position, but our outlook for 2013, is we will have a loss there. It will be smaller. We are going to take some actions, but we've got to ride that out.
Operator: Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Steve, if I can ask you, why -- if you can give us any more color on why you delayed the Analyst Day. And if there are any particular milestones or data you're looking for that will help you kind of form your outlook for 2013, or is it more of just giving your restructuring and your operations a little more time to improve?
Stephen A. Roell: No, I think it's the former. I think, really, we're just trying to get a better sense for what kind of environment we're going to be operating in. I mean, the other thing we could have done is walk in and said listen, on these assumptions, this is what we think. We just think that we'll have a better chance to refine those assumptions. I think, in general, the investment community will have a better chance to also be focused on 2013. I truthfully think that we're concerned that oftentimes we go out and, really, I say people, there hasn't really been a strong focus on 2014 at that point in time because there's very few companies that have gone out and really talked about it. And so I think we just feel that we're better equipped to give you guidance for Q1 in the fall, talk about maybe some of the things were seeing and the assumptions that we're beginning to focus on for 2013, and then come back and give you better -- we just think we can provide better information. We certainly know last year that was the case. And last year, things were a lot more stable than they are today. But clearly, those 3 months would have been significant for us in terms of understanding what environment we are in.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. I think, Ravi, if you look at the numbers right now between the contents board and the major banks, including your firm, I think what people have right now is GDP growth in North America next year of somewhere in the 1.5% to 2%. I think there's pretty tight cluster there. And those numbers are coming down. And on that basis, I think, we'd feel pretty good providing what we think is going to happen in our businesses. But if you then look at the -- between the sequestration-related spending cuts and the exploration of the Bush tax cuts, which are big items, and quantify those, those add up somewhere between 4%, 4.5% of GDP. So now that takes your 1.5%, to possibly minus 3%, and that's a very different economic picture here in North America. Its unlikely we're going to know the answer to that between now and when our normal Analyst Day would have been, which is early October, but we just elected to push it back here a couple months.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Understood. Just looking at BE in the quarter, your margins were much better than we expected. Can you help quantify how much of that was some of the SG&A and cost initiatives that you had? And how much of that was driven by just the improvement in resi?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, I would say if you kind of look at residential and last year, we -- within our Building Efficiency numbers, we had a large -- we had a onetime benefit in residential. We had a onetime hit in our Latin America business that's largely offset. But if I strip that out, and what you would see in the residential is we did see a nice pop-up in profitability, but the fact that the mix moved to a lower margin product, our profitability was little changed from an ROS point of view. So that really didn't drive it. The big area for us was in service. North America service, we saw a nice improvement in our profitability there. Sort of think about last year, it was kind of cool, especially in the early start of the cooling season. Really saw the benefit in margins there, which was labor utilization and the pricing improvements that we saw that came with the -- our IT investments in that business. That was the sort of biggest driver.
Stephen A. Roell: But, Ravi, I think the fact that all 5 segments were up in BE, we just explained to you, it really was broad-based.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And finally, Bruce, you pointed out that the FCF should be viewed x the pension contribution. Can you just help us with what cash flow will look like in the fourth quarter? You've had some pretty big cash-generating fourth quarters in the past. Is it going to be something similar, or do we expect something similar like...
R. Bruce McDonald: No, no, we expect to see a very strong Q4. We aren't making any -- we're sort of done from a discretionary pension point of view. So we won't have anything there. As I said in my comments, our capital expenditure is going to be in the sort of $300 million range. That's a big reduction versus the run rate that we've had for the last 3 quarters, and it's a big improvement versus what we had in the fourth quarter of last year. We do have some -- expect our working capital levels are going to improve by a couple of hundred million, and we have a few sort of smaller non-core assets and properties that we're selling. So we expect pretty strong improvement in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Peter Nesvold with Jefferies.
H. Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So I just want to talk about the Power Solutions business for a minute. This is not an area where I'm an expert, but we've heard some channel perspective that believes that JCI's move towards vertical integration is actually helping to drive up lead prices, that a lot of the third-party smelters that you would have historically sold to are kind of out in the market, trying to secure lead and therefore, pushing that up. Do you think that's accurate? Is that part of what's happening here? And if that's true, why does it -- why would it reverse out so quickly?
Stephen A. Roell: No, that's not what's happening. And I think it's more a factor that the activity in retail, as I described, I think, is the bigger issue. The fact that they're just -- and we've talked that -- we've looked across 4 or 5 different aftermarket customers and it's the lack, of course, coming back. That's what's driving up the prices. We're not -- we haven't ramped up enough at this stage in our own internal smelting to really drive that up.
Operator: Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Pat Nolan on for Rod. Can we just go back to Europe for a second? I know you talked about the metals business, but you also highlighted the new business launches from 2009 and 2010. Prior to this quarter, you were expecting that most -- the most difficult launches were largely behind you, and we were going to see the containment cost start to taper off. Is that not what occurred in the quarter? Can you help us frame what was the run rate of containment cost in the quarter versus where they had been running? Are the launches basically getting -- are the launches tracking worse than you expected?
Stephen A. Roell: No, I don't think launches are tracking any worse from what we expected. I think some of the containment costs that we had on the prior launches where we had expected to shed, we probably haven't shed those costs as quickly, Pat, okay? But there's nothing there to point to in the new launches, okay?
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: All right. I mean, can you give us any kind of framing of where your containment costs are tracking in the quarter?
Stephen A. Roell: Do we have that number, Bruce?
R. Bruce McDonald: I don't. Yes, I don't have that handy. I mean, we can follow up with you, Pat, on that. As Steve said, it wasn't a down. It wasn't a variance, okay, versus what we thought. I mean, we -- like I said at the last call, we have 3 or 4 problematic launches. Those are flowing through as we expected. They were in mainly in the Europe side of our business versus the North America. You kind of saw in our North America numbers, we were kind of depressed last quarter and the quarter before because launches there, those snapped back, profitably snapped back there nicely. But maybe one other comment I'd add on Europe that we haven't talked about is, not a big issue for us, but it's something that we are worried about is the sort of distresses that we see in our supply base. And we do have some headwinds associated with that, and that's the area that as things -- if things deteriorate more there, it's going to become a bigger and bigger headwind for the industry, not just Johnson Controls.
Stephen A. Roell: Pat, just let me comment on, not to what you just said, Bruce, but I do think that, that one thing that we've really done well in the last 6 month is get our hands around our launches, in terms of our launch teams. I mean, I think we've staffed them adequately, I think we've got tremendous oversight, and they aren't as complex. I mean to be honest with you, there were some extremely complex launches and product configurations. So I feel better about what we used to describe. But to your point, Pat, I would hope to see some prior -- some better and faster improvements in our ability to reduce our containment cost. Our quality is good, and we're getting high marks from our customers on our quality. It's just a function we've got to shed some costs, okay.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And you -- prior to this quarter, you were expecting the European margins to get above 3% in Q4. Can you just give us an update on that? That seems like a pretty big bridge from the negative 1.5% to this quarter.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, that's fair. That's fair. And I think if you look at and part of the reason why -- we're not going to hit the 3%. Part of the reason why I think we're -- we are more cautious, and I went back and tried to -- maybe actually quantify this. If we look at some of the delta in Q4, I would attribute as much as $0.03 to $0.04 to our -- or just our thoughts regarding commercial claim resolutions to this timeframe. One of the earlier questions from, I think was from Brian, had to do with OE resistance. And I don't think its resistance as much as they're just slow walk-in claims and things of that nature. And in the past, we would have always had a very strong fourth quarter in terms of claim resolution. I think we've had it baked into our forecast, but that's not going to happen, I'm sure. It could happen, but we've assumed that it does not. And that's our biggest delta in terms of our margin assumptions for Q4.
Patrick Nolan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got it. And just lastly on the lead impact, the $40 million you saw in Q3, is the inventory -- bigger build in Q4 bigger so that $40 million could be a bigger number?
R. Bruce McDonald: No, it's going to be, I would say, in the $30 million to $40 million range.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, it could be -- and it could be less because we think this thing could -- this thing should start to improve by September. October, November, December, it's real obvious if it's going to, okay? And, in fact, to some extent, we're surprised we're still seeing it in July.
Operator: Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Question, a broader question on Europe. IHS came out with their forecast the other day for calendar year to be down 6. I know there's a lot of skepticism out there regarding that number. It sounds like youre a little skeptical on that. I know you're on a different fiscal year end. But, Steve, what are your thoughts there? Do you think there's a lot of downside risk to that forecast?
Stephen A. Roell: I think it's what we're trying to get our hands on, Rich, okay? I -- we've sort of been trying to revise our forecast as we get information from the marketplace, okay? So we're trying to watch our major exposure. We're broad-based with the German customers, along with Opel and Ford. As Bruce mentioned, we dont have a lot of exposure to the French. But I think we're looking at the mix, trying to understand what's taking place. We're trying to guess what's happening in -- the fact that U.K. and Germany is holding up at that, they're still growing. We're still trying to figure out if that's going to continue. But my sense is that I'm more worried about the level of decline that could happen in the South. I think France is the one I'm most concerned about. I think Spain, we've already -- probably we're down there already. But I think Italy and France will be the 2 markets, Rich, that I'm most concerned about. I don't think I want to comment yet in terms of whether I agree with the minus 6, okay?
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, all right. And then on the Building Efficiency side, very good margin performance this quarter. It sounds like -- should we expect similar rate of improvement year-over-year for the fourth quarter?
Stephen A. Roell: At this point in time, I can -- best guess I can give you at this point in time is that they're going to improve at least 100 basis points in the market in Q4.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just looking at -- I know that we're going to be a few months away from getting an outlook for '13. But, Steve, the sustainability of this margin improvement, how comfortable are you with that, or is that kind of in flux right now as well?
Stephen A. Roell: You're talking about within Building Efficiency?
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes, within Building Efficiency.
Stephen A. Roell: I think that's where we'd like to get a better handle on. I think -- let me go back. I think we have a very good handle on our cost structure as we go into 2013. The thing that's going to be important for us -- and I'm only going to give you leading indicators, okay? We would hope to come out of this quarter with our backlog up 6%, 7%, 8%, if not, more. That's the key, Rich. That's what I need to see. And probably the category that we need to see it in is in the what we would call the solutions business or performance contracting. It's something that's lagged the last 4 or 5 months for us. The data we have from our field is saying that they expect that to recover here in Q4. That's the one we're watching. That will be the key, whether we're up 4% or whether we're up 8%, 9%, that then will dictate whether we get the margin right next year, okay?
R. Bruce McDonald: So, Rich, one -- maybe just a little bit more there. Just -- I would just keep in mind, when we went into this year, what we talked about for building efficiencies about 50 basis points of margin expansion. And we -- if you look at where we were in Q1 and 2, we were sort of flattish or down slightly. And we talked about the fact that we are fronting some of our investments in like Panoptix and things like that. So we're pretty comfortable with our outlook here for the fourth quarter that will be -- will get that 50 basis points and maybe another 10 or 20. But the path for improvement for building efficiency because so many of our investments are in SG&A, that glide path, we're not backing away from. So we're not going to be up 120 basis points next year. It's going to be that 50 to 60 basis points. That's our trend line.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, understood. And then last one from me on FX. Are you assuming current trends  current conversion rates in the guidance for fourth quarter?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. We use 122 here for the fourth quarter.
Operator: Sanjay Shrestha with Lazard Capital.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: First question is on the Building Efficiency side. So this is a very impressive improvement on the GWS side. Was there anything onetime in the quarter here, or what kind of lead to that 86% improvement in the operating margin there?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, I know there isn't anything of a non-recurring nature there. I mean, I would -- it is a big improvement, but I would still temper that with the fact that if you look at the absolute margin level in GWS, it's still below where we'd like to see. So it's bounced back strongly, but it's still not in that -- in the sort of 2.5% to 3% range that we expect.
Stephen A. Roell: I guess I would just make a statement in general though about Building Efficiency. There really were no unusual items this quarter. This was one of the cleanest quarters. The quality of that earnings is very, very strong.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. That's great. And one quick follow-up then, guys. So when we think about your Power Solutions, right, clearly, lead price is sort of what it is, and you guys are saying it's going go away, hopefully, by one quarter. Now as we think 12 months out, right, so with this incremental benefit from lower prices, how do you think about how that business grows when the aftermarket comes back? And where does the margin go because all the drag is sort of now going to be behind you guys after a quarter. How should we think about that business in 12 months out?
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, let me start, and then Bruce, you jump in, okay? I guess twofold. Let me explain volumes first. Whenever we've seen the type of January through March period where we had depressed volumes due to weather, typically, it has continued slightly depressed again in the quarter that we're in today and then up, and then it pops in the fourth quarter. That's going to be interesting to see if that happens. So -- but regardless, this is going to normalize. It always has. And so I hate to talk about weather extremes, but we do expect a very, very strong fiscal 2013, start in terms of volumes. That's number one. Number two, in margins, we've guided higher margins partially because of some things we've done. We've invested in vertical integration, and that's a big one for us. We also have, we believe, some improvements that we'll have from some cost that we incurred last year in China that will be year-over-year. So as we think of 2013, we expect the margins to improve in power, primarily because of higher volumes, better utilization, vertical integration and then avoidance of the Chinese year-over-year softness, okay, that we had and cost that we incurred last year.
Operator: Joseph Spak with RBC Capital Markets.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just to quickly follow-up on Power Solutions, and I'm glad you mentioned China. I know that -- I think the plant partially reopened. So I'm just trying to think a little bit of margin trajectory in the fourth quarter from the third quarter and the different headwinds. Clearly, the lead issue still -- lead is still is an issue. But shouldn't the pricing come up a little bit and then also some more cost savings from China. So do those totally offset, or is it still a net negative headwind from lead?
R. Bruce McDonald: I guess, we will see the negative headwind, but when you look at the year-over-year delta, so we do expect to see some margin expansion here in the fourth quarter in power. I wouldn't say that China would be a big part of that. But the biggest issue is going to be the pricing. We did announce pricing here in the current quarter that we're in, some of it went in, in May; some of it went in June. So if you just look at the benefit that we get -- in the fourth quarter where well get and we have it implemented across-the-board. So we get the whole benefit here in the fourth quarter; that is going to enable us to offset some of the headwinds that you're referring to and well get back to that path of margin expansion here in the fourth quarter.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just to be -- the $40 million headwind this quarter, I mean, it was -- is the majority of that because you were ramping up South Carolina? Like had you already been ramped up...
Stephen A. Roell: No. None of it was.
R. Bruce McDonald: That South Carolina ramp up really starts -- is a Q4 issue, not a Q -- and so if you think about that, say, $40 million we talked about in lead in Q3. In Q4, we said $30 million to $40 million. You probably should think about 1/3 of that is going to be because we ramp up the new facility, and 2/3 of it will be the high cost of cores.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Can you talk about what your, I guess, internally-sourced lead goes from to once that facility is fully ramped up?
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, it's -- the recycling centers are -- roughly speaking, give us a benefit of about $50 million a year at current lead levels. So that's kind of the delta that we'll get from South Carolina.
Stephen A. Roell: But Glen, I think we have all our smelters up. What is our internal source of our leads right now?
Glen Ponczak: 50% of our
Stephen A. Roell: is there, okay? That's probably from what it was 2 years ago. 15% before we built the 2 smelters, okay?
Glen Ponczak: So we're going to have to cut it off there, Steve. Final comments?
Stephen A. Roell: Sure. Yes, just a couple quick ones here. I -- first of all, we apologize for the fourth quarter results that we're projecting here, okay? We, hope we have conservatism built into them but believe me, our people are -- have not given up. We will do everything we can to deliver results on the fourth quarter. We're focused on fiscal 2013 where we feel our fundaments are good. We're just trying to understand the macroenvironment that we're operating in. Don't read any more into the delay in the Analyst Day than the fact we want to provide you the best information we possibly can. We'll do what we can in the call at the end of Q4 to sort of tell you what we see in the environment, how we're thinking, and give you some of -- maybe some of the assumptions that we're thinking about on a preliminary basis. So we'll try to give you at least the stage setting for what we see, okay? So, again, thank you very much for the call and again, we feel very good about our long-term fundamentals, and we're just frustrated by the near-term as you are, and we apologize for that. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation on today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-04-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Ponczak -  Stephen A. Roell - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee R. Bruce McDonald - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Emmanuel Rosner - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Colin Langan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I'd like to go ahead and turn the call over to your host for today, to Mr. Glen Ponczak. Sir, you may begin.
Glen Ponczak: Well, good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before we begin, just want to remind you of our forward-looking statements. That Johnson Controls will make forward-looking statements in this presentation pertaining to financial results for fiscal 2012 and beyond that are based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates or forecasts. For those statements, the company cautions that numerous important factors, such as automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, the strength of U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellation of or changes to commercial contracts, changes in the levels or timing of investments in commercial buildings, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of the company's most recent Form 10-K filing, could affect the company's actual results and could cause its actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by or on behalf of the company.  In just a few moments here, Steve Roell, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson Controls, will give an overview of our second quarter results and take a brief look at the balance of the year. Hell be followed by Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will give a more detailed review of the business results by segment and a financial review. That will be followed by questions and answers, and we expect to conclude the call at the top of the hour.  And with that, Steve.
Stephen A. Roell: Okay. Thanks, Glen, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter financial results were consistent with the guidance that we provided earlier to you this year. Before we comment on those results and provide you with our outlook, I'd like to take just a minute to thank the Johnson Controls employees who are listening for their continued contributions to our success. Well, let's start with the business environment for each of the 3 segments. North American automotive production was stronger than we anticipated, and several of the U.S.-based automakers increased their output in response to higher sales. The benefit of this increase was partially offset by the continuing weakness in Europe. However, our sales in the region were not significantly different from the expectations we had coming into the period.  Industry production of passenger cars in China were 2% higher and again, in line with what we had planned. And I know that we've talked in the past that there's varying numbers coming out of China, and again, our number references specifically passenger cars, as opposed to the overall vehicle production. Our Power Solutions business had overcome the mild weather conditions in North America, that I'm sure all of you are well aware off. As we discussed in January, the period just ended is dependent upon restocking by our aftermarket customers. And unlike the prior year or probably even the past 4 years, the lack of a winter did not allow that to occur. We were fortunate that European -- that Europe experienced a more normal weather pattern in January and February, and we did see demand recover quickly in that market. We believe that the inventories in the aftermarket channel in the U.S. are lower than they were a year ago, and therefore, we would expect our shipments to normalize. And in fact, we could see some upside in late summer time period as a result of that.  Turning to Building Efficiency. The nonresidential markets remain mixed, while growth rates have slowed. And in China, we continue to see expansion of the Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. The same really holds true in the Middle East across Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Turkey, and of course, those markets are driven by infrastructure projects.  In North America, the overall market is showing some signs of recovery, but at a very modest level. Some of you follow the American Institute of Architects Billing Index, which has shown slight growth in the past 5 months, after 4 years of decline. The most recent data from McGraw-Hill forecast also suggest that nonresidential institutional markets will not grow the remainder of 2012 and be fairly flattish.  But now, I guess I want to share with you what we're seeing in our own data, which is more optimistic given the bidding activity that we see, which we often refer to as our pipeline. In our systems business in North America, we're seeing good year-over-year activity at health care, higher ed. and K-12. And really, the only segment that we see that is soft or down from last year is really the state government activity, which, I think, we all could probably assume what that's attributed to.  In our own energy solutions business, the improvements we see in K-12 and the federal activity are somewhat offset by softness in health care and local government. We've gained share over the past 4 years, and I'm encouraged by our pipeline activities. So if I look at it, there really is a divergence from some of the data that we're seeing from both McGraw-Hill and from the AIA. And I would just tell you that we are very, very optimistic based on what we see in some of the vertical markets that we participate in. The lower U.S. industry residential HVAC shipments persisted into the quarter, partially attributed to the weather conditions. But we believe there are a lot of fundamental issues that are impacting that industry. Now let's just turn to the numbers. For the second fiscal quarter, sales were $10.6 billion, up $500 million or roughly 4%. Segment income increased slightly to $558 million in the period. Net income of $353 million was lower than last year, primarily due to the interest cost associated with the new debt we issued at the quarter and the higher tax return. Bruce will go into more detail, but we just want to give you some idea of what the high level was. With the first half now behind us, we want to focus then on the second half and the projected improvements that we have. And I just wanted to highlight some of the factors that we believe will contribute to the stronger third and fourth quarters. Starting with Power Solutions. It's really a combination of a number of items: number one would be the pricing actions that we've announced; secondly, the benefits of our vertical integration; third would be the avoidance of the cost that we've been incurring as we've imported batteries in China due to the closing of our Shanghai plant there. And then as I mentioned earlier, we do believe that the summer months will see some recovery from the depression versus the past 3 months in North America.  Automotive Experience, it's a combination of several factors: one would be stronger North American production; continued improvement in our new program launches and containment cost shutting; and the avoidance of the cost incurred last year as a -- excuse me, the avoidance of the cost incurred last year due to the earthquake and tsunami that occurred in Japan.  In Building Efficiency, it's really a function of lower SG&A cost. We've highlighted that. I'm sure Bruce will talk more about that. But we've consciously taken our SG&A cost down just basically to protect us against the softness in volumes, should that occur. We also have instituted a number of pricing actions across all of our businesses in Building Efficiency, if youll recall. So there's a seasonal pattern, which drives our profitability and sales into the third and fourth quarter. And finally, we see improved performance in our service business. And shifting more from the near term to more the mid-long term. We just wanted to make the comment that our long-term strategies remain intact: our position on the SLI battery market; our ability to drive higher margins through vertical integration is intact; the role of our AGM battery technology to support our customers' Start-Stop vehicle production; our position in the emerging markets across all 3 of our businesses continues to be a key factor for us in the future; our metal strategies and our ability to improve margins in automotive is -- with our core product portfolio and standardization; and finally, the fact that our Building Efficiency's ability to gain market share and help our customers improve their energy efficiency and reduce greenhouse gases. So those are some of the factors that give us confidence that, looking forward, our strategies, as we've described to you on an ongoing basis, continue to be very much intact.  Now I'm going to turn over the conference to Bruce for his remarks on the quarter and the outlook. Bruce?
R. Bruce McDonald: Okay. Thanks, Steve. Let me first start off with a bit of an overview in terms of some of the nonrecurring charges. You'll see in our press release, we kind of referred to 3 of those. And as I talk through the financials and each of the business results, I'm going to kind of strip these out.  So really 3 things: one is we had a gain on the divestment of 2 of our non-core businesses in Building Efficiency. Those were businesses that we sold with gross proceeds of just a shade over $90 million; we had a write-off on a Power Solutions investment that went bankrupt; and we took some restructuring charges in automotive and Building Efficiency to accelerate second half cost reduction initiatives. So as I talk -- as I said, I'm going to exclude those items. The net effect of all those is they completely offset one another, so they don't really affect the bottom line in aggregate. So turning to auto. Our business delivered here another nice quarter against the backdrop of modest improvements in global production volumes. You can see our sales were up 7%. If we back out foreign currency and acquisitions that we made last year, our sales were up 4%, with strength in all 3 geographic regions. And thats really attributable to the backlog flowing through in our numbers here.  In North America, our sales were up 12% versus a 17% increase in production. I know there's been some questions in some of the early notes about the decline versus the industry here. If you just kind of look at our sales by customer, what you really see is a few of -- few, 2 or 3 customers, were business that we did not requote in the 2009 time period because they did not either meet our financial criteria or were unable to get material indexing in place or beginning to ramp down. So we'll see a little bit of that in the next couple of quarters. But that's sort of margin accretive and something that we thought was critical to de-risk our business here. In Europe, we are up about 8%, if you back out -- backing out foreign currency, if you take out -- and that compares very favorably to a 4% decline in production. Acquisitions about half of that delta. The other part would be the new business awards. And then, if we look at our sales in China, where we are primarily in non-consolidated joint ventures, our sales were up 5%, just over $1 billion, and as Steve indicated in his comments, passenger car production, which is our primary market, was up 2% in the quarter.  Turning to segment income. Excluding the items I referred to earlier, we were down 4% at $236 million. We continue to benefit from higher volumes, particularly in North America, the accretive impact of the acquisitions, though as we've talked about before, our results continue to be impacted by some of the launch difficulties. In addition, we saw exceptionally strong performance from our Asia business. Most notably, that was in Japan, where we were up significantly on a year-over-year basis.  Looking at our sort of margin rates. If you look at North America, we were down about 180 basis points versus last year. And that's really the start-up of the new metals plant, that the costs that we had there were significantly lower than the first quarter. So we're confident we're on the right path here. And in Europe, generally, our results were in line with our expectations, though down on a year-over-year marginally due to higher launch costs.  So if you just look at these in sort of geographic ROS, north America were at 5.4%, and that compares to 7.2% last year, but a big improvement from the 3.5% in Q1. In Asia, our margins were 13%, up from 8.5% last year, and that's the strength in Japan. And in Europe, we're at 1.2%, down from 2% last year, but up from 0.8% in Q1. So I know we -- in our slides, we haven't sort of shown the decimal point. So on a sequential basis, our margins in Europe were up about 50 basis -- 40 basis points in the quarter.  If we turn to Building Efficiency. Here, you saw our sales were up 1%. If we sort of back out the impact of the euro, it'd be up 2% excluding that. We saw modest revenue growth across most sectors. The strongest sector was in Asia, where we're up about 10%. Look at our North America Systems and Global WorkPlace Solutions businesses, we're up 6%. Service, we were down where we're continuing to see customers defer maintenance. Europe was down 4%, and we saw much larger declines in like mid-double digit, 20%, 30% reductions in Latin America in our residential business.  Just commenting on residential. Even though it's a small piece, that's one of our higher-margin businesses and just to put our numbers in perspective here, unit shipments in the quarter were down about 27%. I think that's kind of comparable to what we see in the industry. So don't think we're losing share, that sort of just reflects the depressed state of that market. In terms of our backlog, you can see here a record at the end of the second quarter for us at $5.3 billion, which is up about 3% versus last year. In the quarter, our order rate was a little bit softer than we were expecting, but we do expect to see that pick up as we go into the back half of the year. We're up 8% in Asia, 6% in North America, but we were down in Latin America, the Middle East and -- in solutions. And those markets tend to be pretty choppy because we have large orders that come and go. And you can really be -- distort sort of the underlying trends in the business when we look at it just on a 1-quarter basis. Looking at segment income. You can see we were down x items, about 4% to $127 million. In terms of the margins, we were up in North America Systems, North America Service, Global WorkPlace Solutions in Asia. But these were offset by declines in Europe, the Middle East -- sorry, Europe, Latin America and a higher margin residential business. In fact, if you just look at the absolute level of profitability decline here, $5 million in Building Efficiency, the decline that we saw in just the residential sector is $10 million. So x residential, we actually saw a little bit of improvement in our profitability in Building Efficiency here. If we slip over to Power Solutions, the business performed well in a pretty tough environment, owing to the weather factors that Steve mentioned earlier. Sales were up 1%. You can see in terms of our shipments, we participated in the uptick in the OE markets globally. So we're up 6% there, though aftermarket volumes were down 1%. And I think as we noted in our press release, if you just look at the aftermarket volumes in North America, we are actually down 6% in the quarter. And that's something that we're hoping that we -- if you just look at general patterns, we would expect to recover that volume decline over the next 3 to 4 quarters here. We're also starting to see good -- our product mix rich enough [ph]. AGM shipments continue to grow. Maybe just a comment on our Shanghai facility. I think in the last call, we mentioned that we were going to make the assumption that facility would remain idle for the balance of the year. That was certainly the case in the quarter, although we are continuing to dialogue with local government officials to see if we can find a mutually agreeable solution to restart production at that facility. But our guidance that we're providing here, we're not assuming that happens. In terms of segment income, you can see up about 10% to $195 million, again, excluding items. We saw strong margin performance in the quarter as we're benefiting from our vertical integration initiatives, that's the investments in smelters and separators and the accretive impact that the AGM volume has on our margins.  I'd also mentioned that partially offsetting that is the consolidation of the Saft joint venture. So that was a business that we now have 100% ownership in the start-up and investment mode, so we're bearing 100% of the start-up costs versus 50% a year ago. That had a slight depression on the margins in the quarter. Nonetheless, a very solid performance for Power Solutions.  Just flipping then to the financial statements. You can see our top line was up 4% to $10.6 million. If you exclude the impact of the euro on that, this year, it was $1.31 versus $1.37 last year. Our underlying sales increased by 6%. In terms of our margins, they ticked up about 20 basis points versus last year. Here, you can see us getting the benefit of higher revenue, slightly richer product mix and some of the benefits of our cost reduction initiatives.  In terms of our SG&A as a percentage of sales, you'll see those were up about 50 basis points year-over-year to 10.1%, which is a level that's comparable to our first quarter run rate. And kind of in our SG&A, a couple of things you need to remember when we sort of compare year-over-year here is we're not comparing all of the automotive acquisitions because some of those came into Q3, so we have those in this quarter. We've also got the consolidation of the hybrid business, which sort of is a shift of cost into SG&A out of equity income.  So those are sort of -- make the year-over-year comparisons a little bit less meaningful. But nonetheless, we continue to invest in our longer-term growth initiatives, but we are scaling back our SG&A levels to cope with these slightly softer revenue outlook that we guided to at the end of our first quarter.  In terms of equity income, you can see a 30% increase to $79 million. The bulk of that increase is due to the loss-making hybrid joint venture flipping into 100% consolidated associated with that acquisition. Lastly, on Slide 12, as I go through the financials, commenting on financing charges. You can see a fairly significant increase of $17 million versus prior year. This has really just represented higher general levels of debt associated with the acquisitions and the increases that we're making in our capital expenditures for the year. Our tax rate for the quarter at 19% is consistent with our guidance and what we told you last quarter.  Lastly, in terms of income from noncontrolling interest, you'll see that charge has gone up $7 million to $38 million. This is primarily attributable to increased profitability at some of our consolidated power solutions joint venture, primarily in Europe. Then, lastly, our earnings per share coming in at $0.53, down $0.03 from a year ago. Then, lastly, on our -- in terms of the balance sheet, we continue to make focus here in terms of deleveraging. Cash provided by operations increased by $207 million versus the second quarter of last year. You can see our capital spending was up 63% to $448 million. And as I commented on early, you'll see in our cash flow statement the $91 million cash inflow associated with the Building Efficiency divestments. We continue to focus on improving our trade working capital performance, which we sort of define as inventory payables and receivables, so pleased to see a big improvement year-over-year. And we're confident we'll see further improvements as we get into the third and fourth quarter.  And then, lastly, in terms of our debt-to-total capitalization -- our net debt, sorry, to total capitalization, we ended the quarter at 34%, which is where we were at the end of the first quarter. We continue to have a strong balance sheet, which gives us the ability to take advantage of attractive growth opportunities when they arise. And now if I just look at our full year earnings, like we said in our press release, we're comfortable where the -- with the current analyst consensus estimates here. If you sort of look at the quarterly phasing, a little bit different than the analyst consensus out there. We think Q3 earnings are to be a bit about 20%, and we see top 25% in the fourth quarter as some of our cost reduction initiatives kind of gather momentum. Overall, if you sort of look at the markets, theyre little changed in aggregate versus what we thought they were going to be at the end of the first quarter. We're confident that we're taking the right measures to both deliver our near-term financial commitments, but also to continue to position our businesses for long-term growth.  And with that, Glen?
Glen Ponczak: Yes. Jos, we'll open it up for questions. [Operator Instructions] Jos, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Emmanuel Rosner with CLSA.
Emmanuel Rosner - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I would like to talk a little bit about your strategy of vertical integration in the seating business and sort of your new focus on the metals. We're about a year after your acquisitions in Europe, and I'm curious. Are you starting to see the benefits from these strategy, either in terms of margins or your rate of business wins, as you quote on seating business?
Stephen A. Roell: This is Steve. I think the -- let's go back to the strategy itself in the quarter. We really have seen continued success in terms of the quoting activity. They had a big backlog coming in for both those transactions. And again, the trend from the OEs is to disaggregate the complete seat award into the components side. And so we certainly are seeing the increase in our backlog. We'll share the new backlog with you in October at our analyst meeting, but you should expect that to be a strong backlog. So its continuing. The strategy, we believe, is very much the right strategy just given the -- how the OEs and more OEs are doing that practice. So I feel pretty good about what's there. I think we realize we've got a lot of -- as we've gone through the acquisitions, we've learned not only what's their value in terms of their capabilities, in terms of process and product technology, but they were very, very good at launch. And so we've actually borrowed on some of their expertise to help us in some of our prior launch initiatives as well.
R. Bruce McDonald: Maybe one thing Id maybe add to that -- it's Bruce -- is in addition to -- there's been a lot of talk about component sourcing, but one of the trends that has definitely materialized as we had expected is source -- global sourcing of the structure in particular. And so with the acquisitions that we've made, we really have an unparalleled global footprint versus our competition, and that really has positioned well for us to quote and win some of these global structure awards, which are starting to manifest themselves both within the customer, but also customer groups are coalescing and asking for a common structure as well.
Stephen A. Roell: We've also had -- one other comment I can make, as well Bruce, is the fact we've had a lot of requests from our Chinese partners to locate -- bring the technology into that market. So we're currently facilitizing [ph] in China with our JVs there.
Emmanuel Rosner - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. So I guess that leads me to my follow-up. I understand the strong benefits in terms of winning new business and how that sort of the trend sourcing is going. But what is really the expected impact on, I guess, the margins of your seating business? Is the ultimate goal to sort of -- that it should enable you to surpass prior peak margins because, obviously, everything is sort of vertically integrated and there are some synergies there? Or is it more a case of protecting margins in an environment of pricing pressure from the OEMs?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, no. I think the profitability on metals is higher than average. So when we made the acquisitions, we upped our sort of margin guidance in automotive from a previous range of 6% to 7% to 7% to 8%, and that's really associated with the higher profitability that we see the metal area being able to deliver. And we need those margins because capital intensity in that business is higher as well.
Stephen A. Roell: But I think also the fact that there is such capital intensity and the fact that there aren't any competitors who really have that -- not many competitors that have that global capability that Bruce described earlier. So that allows us to protect and improve those margins.
Operator: The next question comes from Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: In automotive, first of all, you mentioned that launch costs moderated from the first quarter to the second quarter, and I'm assuming that, that's one of the factors behind your first half to second half improvement. Was hoping you can give us a sense of how those cost containment in Europe and the metals launch on an absolute basis, how should we be thinking about those first half versus second half sequentially and year-over-year. And also, just kind of more broadly, if we're thinking about back in October, in Automotive Experience, you were targeting, like, a, I think it was 5.3% to 5.5% margin, and obviously, those expectations were taken down maybe to the mid-4s. It looks like you probably need to get to at least the high-4s by the back half. Broadly, is that a correct -- is that reasonable?
Stephen A. Roell: There's a lot there. Let me try a part of it, okay? Rod, part of the strength in the second half is the improvement we expect in Europe, again, okay? If you recall last year, we had a lull in our margins in the first half and then by the time we got to the third and fourth quarter, I think we ended the year with about a 3% margin in that business, okay? If I look at Europe, I would expect us to see, probably, something close to 3.5%, 4% margin in Europe in that fourth quarter. So we do see that, and that's a function of the fact that our launches are improving, that our cost of containment and the quality issues are also being reduced. So sequentially -- I'm trying to go back to your question sequentially, we continue to see improvement in terms of our, what we call, cost of portfolio, which is really nothing more than our containment cost. And as we shed that, we also see that the launches that we do have are -- in terms of readiness, are in great shape. We've been able to go through with the issues that we had, and given the combination of our -- where we think we are in the design validation and production validation, we feel very good about that. So we expect a consecutive -- sequential improvement in our cost quarter-over-quarter, but also year-over-year as a result of that. Bruce, you're [indiscernible].
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. I think, Rod, I think we talked with you early in the quarter, and I know we've had several discussions with other analysts here. And given our revised guidance, we talked about the fact that we did have some at-risk launches in the pipeline. And I think we said we had 4 or 5 in particular that we -- weren't in the shape that we would like them to be and in the guidance that we provided at the end of our first quarter, we said we tried to take a realistic assessment on how those were going to flow. One of those launched in this quarter. It wasn't great, but it wasn't as bad as some of the other ones we've experienced earlier. And as Steve's mentioned, if you look at the sort of status of those ones that we still have on our watch list, they continue to get better. But they're not going to be flawless. They're just too late. But we're confident that we're going to continue to make improvements. If we just look at the metals plant in North America, if you look at the rate of improvement we have to our containment cost in the quarter here versus Q1. So we know how to do it. I think in the guidance that we've given, we factored in where we think they're going to come out, and our teams are making good progress. We've also added a lot of resource to try and minimize the financial impact sort of ahead of time here. So we're adding cost to sort of make sure that we don't go into production and stub our toe.
Stephen A. Roell: And maybe let me just elaborate just for a second on what Bruce just said about resources. When we launch a program, it's what's called an SDT team. It's a strategic development team that's comprised of advanced manufacturing, advanced engineering, quality financial people, and where we got behind was the staffing of those programs because they got pulled off in programs that had issues. So we've actually been adding that talent, that advanced manufacturing, advanced quality talent, all the way through the last 9 months to the point where we know we're fully staffed right now for all the launches we have. And so what we're looking going forward, the key from our year-over-year performance will be our ability to launch all the new programs we have over the next 3 years flawlessly. That's our objective.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then on, Building Efficiency, how much savings are you targeting there? I know you've mentioned something about $150 million, but some of that may have included cost avoidance. And how should we be expecting that to start rolling in into the results?
Stephen A. Roell: At the end of the first quarter, Rod, that's right. We talked about $150 million in SG&A reduction, primarily in Building Efficiency.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can we see that in the numbers currently? Or is that something that you affected the restructuring and we should be looking for that going forward?
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, it would be both. I mean, we did take some restructuring in Building Efficiency that's going to give us, I'll say, probably another $30 million or $40 million of run rate savings over and above that number. And that will start kicking in here in Q3.
Stephen A. Roell: The key thing we were trying to do, Rod, was get our run rate and SG&A below last year's level, and we have achieved that really out-of-the-box from September. But right now, we're probably running probably 3% lower than last year on a monthly basis, okay. And that's a big number for us in that business.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. And GWS, just my last thing here is it sounds like you're over the hump in absorbing some of that growth here because you did comment that the margins were up. Is that reasonable that we should be looking for a kind of sequential improvement from the low levels that it had been running at?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. I mean, obviously, I think in -- I don't have the number right in front of me. But I think in Q1, we were at like 0.8. I think we're at like 1.3 or something for this quarter. So we still have a longer-term goal to get that unit up to a 2.5% or 3%. But yes, we didn't have any of the ramp-up or the efficiencies that we have associated with some of the new business are coming through like we expected.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Ceraso with Crdit Suisse.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, so I wanted to talk a little bit about your expectations for the Building business. I think, last quarter, you reiterated your expectation that you'd grow revenues 9% to 11%, segment margins of 5.6% to 5.8%, but the hurdle looks pretty tough. I mean, year-to-date you've grown revenue less than 3%. Your backlog is growing at 3%, and the implied margin for the back half is north of 7%, which you haven't done in a long time. So let's talk about that.
Glen Ponczak: Chris, it's Glen here. We didn't really talk on revenues on BE for the balance of the year. We didn't change any of those expectations. But certainly -- so we didn't reiterate that number. Certainly, you're right when you look at where we are the beginning of the year, the softening of our markets. That's not a number that we confirmed.
Stephen A. Roell: Now let me go back and tell you what I think, Chris. We will -- I can give you some guidance, okay? If, first of all, the backlog we've got today is -- the 3% growth is not going to be indicative of where we think we'll be at the end of the year. And we've talked to the management team. We've looked at the pipeline and backlog or the order activity, and we believe that by the end of this fiscal year, our backlog will be up somewhere in the 8% to 10% range. Secondly, I guess, I would tell you, and I've said this before, because of the cost reduction initiatives that we've initiated, I feel very confident in some significant margin improvement in BE in the second half of the year. And I continue to feel that as we've gone through our forecasting that we'll be very close to the guidance that we provided at the beginning of the year. But that's probably the one that I feel very good relative to how we're going to handle the market and how it's going to play out in the second half.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. It just seems that each quarter that division falls a little bit short on both revenue and margin. And I'm wondering if you agree with that and if you think you need to take broader restructuring action in that. I know residential has been a drag, but broadly speaking, it seems that the other divisions have had some fits and starts, but this one seems chronically to fall a bit short.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, I think that's fair. But I would tell you that I think the outlook we have for this quarter and for the second half has been something that we've had in mind since the beginning of the fiscal year. This is not different, okay? So some of the actions they've taken from a cost standpoint was really there just to protect us in the event that volumes did soften in the industry in the second half. So again, I'm just going to reiterate, I feel very confident in the second half performance by Building Efficiency.
Operator: The next question comes from Tim Denoyer with Wolfe Trahan.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: A quick question about the North America services part, specifically within BE. Can you comment on how you expect that revenue growth trend to go in the second half? Clearly, that's seasonally the strongest time of the year as you mentioned, but on a year-over-year basis, relative to the -- despite the decline in 2Q?
Stephen A. Roell: We're expecting some pickup in the North American service business in the second half. We did start to see that occur in March. As you can imagine, with the warmer weather in North America, we thought that might occur, and we did see that. So we're hoping we'll get some of the improvement there. But I'll be honest with you, our forecast isn't predicated on volume improvement as much as it is execution, so that's what I would say is going to drive that business. There's still a sense out there that some customers are deferring maintenance. And so that's why we're not going to bank on it. We've got an early start on the spring season, but from our standpoint execution will be the key, not revenue growth in service on the second half.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And if I could throw in a follow-up on the Asian automotive business. I understand that you outperformed in China specifically. But can you address the sequential decline in Asian EBIT from the fiscal first quarter? It seems like China was roughly flat sequentially and Japan was up.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, I can touch on that. I think if you look at the -- I think in Q1 our margins in Asia were 15%, which was exceptionally high. In Q2, they were 13%. The year-over-year increase in the first quarter was more attributable to China, Tim. In the second quarter, as I said in my comments, maybe you missed that, most of the increase was due to Japan. If I look at our equity income coming through in China, it was flat versus last year. And the reason for that is we've got one facility that we are in the midst of closing and moving. Our facility is actually expropriated by the government. So it's something that we knew was going to happen. And then, we've got some start-up costs associated with a couple of new joint ventures. So if you look at the underlying profitability of our like, say, a same-store-type comparison of our JVs, we are up slightly, but the combination of this plant move and some start-up costs associated with some new joint ventures pushed the absolute level of profitability in the quarter to be sort of flat. Versus Q1 then, as I said, there's 200 basis point reduction, that will really be those start-up costs in this facility that were moving.
Operator: The next question comes from Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A couple of questions. One is you seem to have a good level of visibility for -- through the end of the year with your guidance with 3Q and 4Q. Do you get a sense that the issues you're having right now are more near-term issues that can be resolved in 2012? Or are these launch costs -- I mean, the complex launches and the metals plant and such going to persist into 2013 as well? And the other question is on cash flow. You spent nearly $1 billion on CapEx in the first half of the year, and you tend to be back-end loaded at least in the recent few years. Where is CapEx going for 2012?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, maybe I'll take the CapEx one first. You're quite right. We do typically tend to be back-end loaded, but that's not going to be the case this year. I think we've guided to -- I think $1.7 billion is our CapEx number, and I would say we're going to be in the $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion range for the year. So we're very atypical this year in that we're much more front-end loaded than in the past.
Stephen A. Roell: This is Steve. Let me give you some general comments about things that persist here that would go on. I'm going to probably take it in a different direction to begin, then I'll come back and talk about auto. Two items in Power Solutions. We're currently at full production right now. We're using all of our capacity, and we're doing that because of just the demand that we see. So we will be at full capacity in Power Solutions from now through probably going into the first of December. So some of you may not be familiar with that business, but at this stage, we are not weather-dependent. This is where we begin to stock, and given where we believe the market is, we'll have to go at full production in North America to be able to meet demand. So that's one factor. Second thing is the subtlety of that price increase, that went up in Power Solutions, the 8.5%. That price increase is not to recover ongoing cost in the context of material costs or freight cost. That is really to offset capital investments that we have to make relative to environmental improvements. So that margin, that price increase will go -- that's effective May 1 -- will go directly into margin in Power Solutions. So that's something that's probably a subtlety that some of you may not realize as well. In the segment of auto, the key thing there is the issues that are persisting, I think, because we've described to you the fact that we really are getting some of the -- I'll call them, programs that were engineered 3 years ago, that those are behind us, we feel good about where we are in all the new engineered programs. And so we would expect to see sequential improvement going well into 2013. We still have a lot of ways to improve, not only on our operations, which I think gives us good opportunity to improve profit quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year. But also, I think we're also focusing on our commercial excellence relative to how we negotiate change management. So I feel good about the sequential ability to improve our business quarter-over-quarter, but that will extend into 2013. And in my mind, that's a good thing because we do have year-over-year comparisons we can make. That's the best I can give to you.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Johnson with Barclays Capital.
Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just on a similar vein. North America Service, you're continuing to see revenue pressures there, but the margin, which, I guess we'll get the real margin in the 10-Q, but it's ticked up. Are you beginning to get some benefit from rolling in contract restructuring, pricing increases, that internal effort you've described to kind of relook at the -- particularly in the facility side of that business? And if so, kind of how is the cadence? And is that part of your fourth quarter optimism? And will that continue on through 2013?
Stephen A. Roell: Well, Brian, let me try to separate things. So I think we've probably confused the world here a little bit. When we talk about service, there are 2 elements to the service. There's what's called truck based. And then, there's also what we call energy solutions, which is where our performance contract is. So 2 different factors. The truck based service business is the one that's more seasonally based. The solutions business is the one we described, which is more the performance contracting, energy solutions selling. Neither one of those had to do with Global WorkPlace Solutions, GWS. So from the standpoint -- let's go back. I think from my standpoint, the key to the margin improvement and -- the pricing issues we take are primarily around product, although we did increase our pricing in the service area as well in terms of our labor. So that should be kicking in, and we should see that benefit. And that was, like, the core of your question in the second half. The pricing on product has a tendency not to have that immediate reaction because it flows through our backlog. It takes longer to get that realized. So that's really those 2 factors, Brian, okay? Relative to GWS, we really didnt do anything [ph] with pricing. That was really more of an execution base that's going to get us that improvement. Okay?
Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And on the Solutions side, I thought you had mentioned at one point that some of those contracts were in need of restructuring for profit improvements.
Stephen A. Roell: They're not -- those -- I guess, I wouldn't tell you it's those projects. What we've done with the price condition, if you recall, I brought in Bill Jackson. And Bills worked with Dave Myers and his team at Building Efficiency on how we price our solutions business going forward. So they've got a different -- whole different ballgame and playbook relative to how they price new contracts, not really into restructuring the existing ones that we have.
Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So that -- this North American Solutions effort is really more -- exciting more profitable new business? And to the extent things are repriced, it's more on the product side?
Stephen A. Roell: That's correct. That's correct. And I think...
Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: [indiscernible] on technical services?
Stephen A. Roell: We took those up, the service business, so that will be immediate for us in the second half, okay?
Brian Arthur Johnson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So really when you think 2013, you're selling solutions?
Stephen A. Roell: That's correct and beyond. And I think, Brian, at some point, we'll go through and describe what that means and how we get there. But we think we've got as much as a 400 or 500 basis point improvement opportunity in the solutions contracting work we do.
Operator: The next question comes from Pat Archambault with Goldman Sachs.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just on the automotive side, I wanted to go back to, I guess, a comment that was made about, I guess, an implied content decline, right, the revenue going up by less than the production for the quarter. Maybe we can dig a little bit into that. I mean, how much of that is just the way your North America revenue is measured because I think a lot of the Japan stuff is still not consolidated, right? So you might have a CPV headwind there. But then, you did mention that there was a portion of it that was getting rid of -- or not getting rid of but not renewing contracts, and I'd like to hear a little bit more about that. How much of a tailwind is there in your portfolio from getting rid of some contracts that were maybe not optimally priced? And maybe we can just find out a bit more about that.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, first of all, while we do have some sales to the Japanese customers through nonconsolidated, the bulk of them is consolidated, and especially in North America. But just to give kind of a bit more granularity, if you look at our sales by customer and I was to compare that to the production increase in the quarter, we are down in 3 customers, okay? And I'm not going to get into which ones or which platforms on the call. But those declines, where we have an adverse delta to the industry, is directly related to programs that went out of production in the quarter, that were in production last year and weren't in production this year. And we didn't rebid those contracts because either the profitability didn't meet our hurdle rates or we were unable to get -- in 2 of the 3 cases, we could not get material indexing, commodity recovery indexing in place. So if you kind of go back into the late 2009, early 2010, what we said we were going to do, particularly in North America, was we had to de-risk our business. For us, that -- one of the key tenets of that was getting commodity recovery mechanism in place with our customers. And if we were unable to do that, we decided we were not going to bid for the renewal contracts. So it wasn't a case of these are contracts that we lost money on, that we didn't rebid. You should think about this in more of a risk mitigation strategy, and we're seeing the impact right now. But I think you could kind of feel bad in terms of the short-term impact here. But we took a much longer-term perspective here and felt that for us to earn the returns that we need to make in this business for shareholders over a longer period of time, it was critical for us to get the indexing in place.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And maybe if I can just follow up on that -- not to beat a dead horse because I know you guys answer questions on this all the time. But the fact that the industry pricing is such that some people are refusing to give indexation. Is that something that we should be concerned about in terms of the behavior of some of your competitors? Or are these just kind of one-off instances and you would expect that, on a go-forward basis, you're not going to have to go through such aggressive pruning? And well, I guess, I'll just phrase it that way.
Stephen A. Roell: Pat, this is Steve. Let me try something. I guess I would tell you that we've learned some lessons here over the last 3 years relative to staffing levels and having capabilities to execute programs, too. And so I think we're working extremely hard to get our workforce planning done, and let me tell you how that comes into play. There's probably -- and I'm going to use an estimate. There's probably $1 billion worth of business that we're passing on right now. And a lot of it pertains to the fact that we just aren't going to overextend our resources and take on marginal jobs where the execution risk is high. Now we're still going to have good growth, so I don't want to mislead anyone on that. We're still going to have good top line growth and growth in our backlog, but I do think that our disciplines and our ability to just to walk away and not bid on programs is really a reflection of the risk that we see, whether it be material price recovery, or in this case, it's really a function of do we really have the resources that are going to be available to execute the program. So right now we have more opportunities than we can bid on.
R. Bruce McDonald: And I think you need to look at it in the global perspective. You're focusing just here on North America. If you look at our $4 billion backlog, it's very heavily skewed towards Asia and Europe. In those markets, we are a lot more successful in getting the cost-sharing agreements with the OEs. And so if you just say, well, where is there the best use of our resources? It's in those markets. And so if we go back to the 2000 and time -- 2010, our backlog, I mean, we talked about North America was negative. There was really a shrink in North America, and our growth was all in Europe and Asia where we felt the risk profile better matched our appetite.
Stephen A. Roell: Rich Kwas.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: On Power Solutions, any benefit this quarter, tangible benefit from lower lead cost?
R. Bruce McDonald: Rich, with our investments in smelting, we actually are disadvantaged by lead going down now. So our vertical integration benefit is higher depending on the higher lead. So it's actually the fact that lead last year or I think, in the quarter was around $2,600 a ton, and this year, it's in the $2,100-type range. There's actually a headwind year-over-year, but not material.
Stephen A. Roell: It's pretty small, that's why we didn't call it out.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, just on this discussion around the underperformance versus North American production, and I think Bruce and Steve, you have explained how you've walked away from business. But what was the margin impact? Is it tangible? When you look at the margin versus say, first quarter or just last year, was it meaningful in basis points?
R. Bruce McDonald: No, that wouldn't have been a factor. I mean, if you look -- if you sort of look at the North American automotive decline year-over-year, I think last year, what was it, 7.2%, and this year were at 5.4%. The main factors would be -- for that delta would be the metals plant that we're starting up. And so we still have costs associated with that, although they did improve a lot in the quarter. That would be the single largest item. The loss of the 3 pieces of business that I referred to wouldn't be accretive or dilutive.
Richard M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, just real quick one before I run. Equity income has been bouncing around. I know you explained that the hybrid consolidation in China impacts that line item. How should we think about that for the back half of the year?
R. Bruce McDonald: It's going to be in that $80 million to $90 million. I mean, it could be $100 million. But in the $80 million to $100 million range, I'll say. It is kind of choppy.
Operator: The next question comes from Colin Langan with UBS.
Colin Langan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: You talked a lot about Building Efficiency margins getting better in the second half. Any color on the sales? Obviously, they're coming in weak, and I was a little surprised that the discretionary services is actually softening. It seems like an odd time in the market for that to happen. Any color there? And then, you also commented that your mix was -- I thought you had a lot of government business, which I would think would be negative. But you seem to think that, that would actually be a positive in that segment. Any reason why you think your customer base is actually good even with a lot of government?
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, it varies. As I mentioned, I think we've got situations where we've got nice improvement in our pipeline activity in federal work, but we have state markets, which are very weak for us, particularly in the systems work right now. It's dropped off dramatically. So you have to look at the type of government, where the funding is. If you look at the funding activity over the last 6 months from municipalities, that's way down. But we've been able to find ways to grow local government. State has been our weakest part. Federal has been strong. So that's why I guess I would describe that one, Colin. Okay? I'm trying to go back. Your earlier question had to do with the softness in sales. I think that you've got a mixed blend here. I think that Europe is a weak market for us. We've had good growth in our systems North American business. And in the service side, this is not typically a very strong -- if you think about truck-based service, the January through March period is not typically a very strong period for us. We really start doing a lot of our commissioning of units for customers in spring, and that's really what the April, May, June time frame is. And then, after that is primarily a lot of truck-based service doing repairs and maintenance. That's the way that -- that market flows that way, okay?
Colin Langan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So since it's normally small, you're not worried about the year-over-year decline there? You think it'll get better?
Stephen A. Roell: I think it will get better.
Colin Langan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And just one last follow-up. In terms of your-- obviously, your balance sheet is in very good shape. It sounds like you're having some integration issues from recent acquisition. What is your outlook right now? I mean, if there's a large deal, is that something you'd be willing to do? Or is that something that has to wait until you kind of fully integrate what you've done recently?
Stephen A. Roell: Well, I guess, in terms of large deals, there's nothing that we would want to take on right now with our balance sheet. I think we always look at opportunities to invest in technology. Things that we're looking at right now would be, primarily, engineering-technology related, but we're not going to expose our balance sheet at this stage. That's not our intention, okay? In the automotive side, particularly, we have to continue to further integrate the metal transactions in fabric. So I don't see anything significant for us in 2012 or early 2013.
Operator: The last question does come from John Murphy with Bank of America.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's actually John Lovallo on for John Murphy. I missed the very beginning of the call, so I apologize if this was spoken to. But it looks like your revenue in China was up about 5%, and I think previously, you had spoken to about volume being up about 8% to 10% for the full year. Are you guys still comfortable with that outlook?
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, we are. I just confirmed with our leaders in China. We've got exposure to a couple of OEs that are particularly strong, particularly SAIC, with our joint ventures with both Volkswagen and with General Motors. And those volumes are strong. If you look in the quarter, I think, the production levels were up 24% in those JVs. So as we look at the balance of the year, we feel good about that 8%, 9%.
R. Bruce McDonald: A lot of our growth is tied to some new plant openings in the West.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: . Great. If I could just ask one more. With the Shanghai facility still down in Power Solutions -- or still not reopened, I should say. Have guys made any decisions on where you're going to build the AGM batteries?
Stephen A. Roell: No, we're still in discussion, and in fact, there's meetings next week to talk about that. We're going to be making decisions soon because we do have a lot of requests from our customers to get the facility running [ph] there.  Okay. Well, listen, thank you very much for your questions. And we'll be here to help Glen and Dave with any follow-up questions. But thank you very much for coming on the call and expressing your interest. Thank you. Have a good weekend. Take care.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. The call has concluded. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-01-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Ponczak -  R. Bruce McDonald - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Stephen A. Roell - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Itay Michaeli - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Kelly A. Dougherty - Macquarie Research John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn today's call over to Mr. Glen Ponczak. Sir, you may begin.
Glen Ponczak: Well, good morning. Thanks, Kim. Welcome, everybody. Before we begin, just want to remind you that Johnson Controls will make forward-looking statements in this presentation pertaining to its financial results for fiscal 2012 and beyond that are based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates and forecast. For those statements, the company cautions that numerous important factors such as automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, the strength of U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellation of or changes to commercial contracts, changes in the levels or timing of investments in commercial buildings, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of the company's most recent Form 10-K filing, could affect the company's actual results and could cause its actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by, or on behalf of, the company. I'm joined today by Steve Roell, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson Controls, who will give an overview of the quarter; followed by Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will give details of the business unit results and the financial review. That'll be followed by question-and-answers, and we will end at noon, Eastern Time. With that, turn it over to Steve.
Stephen A. Roell: Okay. Thank you, Glen. Well, good morning, and thank you for joining us. Before I go into the financials, I just wanted to spend some time talking about the business environment and give you some sense for what we see not only in the quarter that just ended but sort of what we anticipate going forward for the full fiscal year. Now let's start with the automotive industry production levels. In the quarter itself, production levels in North America and China were very consistent with what we expected. The growth of 16% in North America, China being flat, I'll come back and talk about that. If there was any surprise in the quarter, just a slight surprise with the European production being down slightly. We didn't expect a 4% decline. But in general, I would tell you that the quarter from a production standpoint really was not a cause of any of our concerns in the quarter itself. So now I'll turn to the full fiscal year. The guidance that we've provided to you for North America and China remains. We don't see any reason to adjust that. And therefore, the only -- I guess I would like to talk about this China. You'll hear 2 differing estimates for China production, one being flat, one being up 8% to 10%. And that difference is whether you're looking at the total industry, including trucks, or whether you're just looking at the passenger car element. Since we're only impacted by the -- participate really in the passenger car side, that segment is expected to be up 8% to 10%, and that's consistent with the guidance that we provided at the beginning of the fiscal year. Where there has been a change in our guidance is obviously in Europe where we are concerned about production levels. And we reduced our industry projection for the fiscal year down to 19.6 million units from the 20.1 million that was in our plan. So all in all, that's really how we look at it. But the key thing from our standpoint is that given the stronger consumer confidence levels, we feel good about the outlook for the North American production as well as China. The next item we'll talk about is weather, and I hate talking about weather, but it does have an impact on us, particularly in our battery business. The mild weather that we've experienced this winter is not just in North America but also, Europe is experiencing extremely mild conditions. We're able to track with 7 of our largest aftermarket customers what's happening at the point-of-sale. And while we saw some softness beginning in November, the big decline took place in the month of December where their point-of-sale was down almost 15% in the month of December. It stayed mild obviously in the first half of January. We're just now getting cold weather. It's probably going to be too late to generate major restocking for our customers. Typically, they will restock in January and February. But when we get this far into a winter, the likelihood of a restocking is not very high. And so that's really more of a second quarter impact for us, and that's really why we took -- one of the reasons why we took our second quarter guidance down was because there will not be a restocking in the second quarter. So we could lose as much as 600,000 units, we believe, in North America in the second quarter. The other factor that we talked about in the quarter is also the lower sales of our residential furnace units. It had some impact probably related to weather, but we acknowledge that we probably underestimated the impact of the end of the tax credits. This wasn't a factor for our year-over-year results, but our plan had assumed that we would have more demand in our residential business. And of course, that's a hit also to our margins because our residential business is a higher-end margin business for us in BE. Some other leading indicators at the macro level. Recently, we've been tracking Architectural Billings here in North America. They've trended up last quarter. That's true with both commercial and the institutional segments, so we feel good about that. We see that also in our pipeline in terms of bidding activity. We're encouraged by the improvement in the U.S. Consumer Confidence Index the last past 6 months compared to the last 2, because we believe that supports and gives us more confidence about the auto demand over the next 6 months. Bruce will talk more, but clearly we had to adjust our forecast for the euro, and that had an impact and does have an impact to us for both the quarter -- the upcoming quarter and the full year. And the final item I guess would be commodities, where we see most of the commodity pressure being mitigated right now from what we had assumed at the time. Lead is declining and of course, the impact on lead is primarily its impact on our top line at Power Solutions, not our bottom line. So I just want to give you sort of a sense for what we see in terms of some of the major macro elements that impact our business. Then turning to the numbers, our sales in the quarter were $10.4 billion, a record level, up 9% from 2011. Our segment income of $598 million was up 12% over last year's quarter. We continue both those elements to benefit from our strong backlogs in Automotive and Building Efficiency, and those results are consistent with the guidance we provided back in October. Our net income of $410 million compares to $375 million, and that resulted in earnings per share of $0.60 per diluted share versus $0.55 last year and the fiscal quarter. We do believe, if you look at our individual businesses, that you'll identify the fact that all of our businesses outperformed the underlying markets, and we believe we gained, therefore, significant share in each one of our business segments. Just a few more comments about the first quarter itself. Significantly higher profit in automotive in Europe due to the acquisition impact of metals and a higher improvement in Asia. We launched 48 significant programs, and that -- we just bring that up to you just to give you some of the other growth we're experiencing and the complexity and challenges that presents to us. We probably will launch over 500 programs this year. Some of those aren't as significant. These 48 pertain to 48 major programs. We had a higher North American metal start-up cost. We'll go into that, more detail later. But that was a disappointment for us, we didn't see that coming into the quarter. To try to mitigate future concerns about quality in our launches, we've hired over 306 Six Sigma Black Belts and quality experts over the last 6 months, and we think those will begin to have a dramatic impact in terms of the new product launches going forward. From a Building Efficiency standpoint, we continue to do very well in what really has to be described as a very sluggish commercial building market. We continue to see good growth. Our backlog is at record levels at $5.3 billion. And then we do acknowledge that there's lower residential HVAC market demand. And I think we'll hear that from the industry participants as the calls come out throughout the quarter. To try to protect ourselves from an earnings standpoint, we have taken some pretty dramatic actions at Building Efficiency to reduce our SG&A. From what we had originally planned, we probably have reduced our costs by roughly $150 million. But at the same time, we've been able to sustain and maintain our investments in new product technology and sales force expansion. From a Power Solutions standpoint, the quarter itself was good, in-line performance despite really what I described as of soft demand at the end of the quarter and unseasonably warm weather. We've talked about that already. I do want to make mention the fact that the investments related to our AGM expansion, vertical integration in China, those investments are on track and performing according to plan. Looking at the 2012 outlook, Bruce is going to go through in more detail the finance -- the financial numbers, but I just wanted to give you just a couple highlights. We think our story, our future growth and profitability story, is very much intact. We do understand we've got some short-term challenges related to the weather and some of the currency issues. But if we look at it from the standpoint of our investments, we're maintaining our investment levels in terms of our CapEx. I want to remind you that we're spending -- spent $1.7 billion this year to drive what we believe will be ongoing growth in 2013 and '14 and improve our margins. Over 70% of our CapEx in fiscal 2012 will be tied to those type of categories as opposed to maintenance. We continue to invest and support the record level of Automotive Experience new business awards and launches. We continue to invest to improve our information technology to support that future growth. And more importantly, we're investing in innovation and engineering to ensure that we can not only perform well in terms of new product launches and designs, but also that we can provide more value to our customers. So then I'm going to turn it over to Bruce, who will go through the first quarter and give you more highlights by business unit.
R. Bruce McDonald: Okay, thanks, Steve. Starting out here with Automotive Experience, we saw a pretty solid quarter against, I guess I would say, a backdrop of modest improvement in global production volumes. On a regional basis, our sales were up 15% in each of the 3 major geographies. In North America, our 15% compares to an estimated 16% increase in production. We slightly underperformed the market, mainly because of our exposure, which is quite high to the Japanese customers. In the quarter, sales to our Japanese customers are only up about 4%. So our exposure to Japan continues to be a bit of a headwind because we just haven't seen the inventory restocking in North America. In Europe, our 15% compares favorably to the 4% decline in production. If you back out the impact of the acquisitions and currency, what you would see is an underlying revenue increase of 4% against that minus 4% for the industry. And then in China where our sales are primarily through nonconsolidated joint ventures, we're up about 10% to just over $1.1 billion. And that again compares to Chinese passenger car volumes in the quarter, which we think were flat. Turning to our segment income, we improved by 10% to $194 million. We continue to benefit from higher volumes, the accretive impact of the acquisition and improvement in our European quality containment cost. In Europe, if you just look at our European numbers overall, we had a $21 million year-over-year swing in our profitability. Our margins were just below 1% versus a breakeven level last year. In Asia, you can see our margins coming in a little bit north of 15%, up about 500 basis points versus last year. Here we continue to benefit from exceptionally strong performance in our Chinese joint ventures in particular. And then lastly, in North America, we experienced a downturn in our margins. This really reflects the start-up costs associated with our North America metal footprint. Going into the quarter, as Steve indicated, we did expect to see a headwind associated with the start-up of that facility. They were somewhat higher than we had anticipated in our guidance. We're going to talk to the fact that those costs are on the right glide path, but they're going to continue on here for the next couple of quarters. Lastly, we did include the -- we had some questions in terms of the impact of Thailand. And as we indicated throughout the quarter, the impact has been pretty modest for us, about $0.01 a share. So just put that in for the questions that are out there. Turning over to Building Efficiency. You can see here, sales up 4%. We saw revenue growth in most of our major segments. In Asia, sales were up 13%. Global WorkPlace Solutions, up double-digit, 10%. If you look at North America in aggregate, we are up 2%. That would be systems up 4% and our service business relatively flat. Middle East, which is a, I'd say a lumpy market, we're up 27%. Europe, we're down 2%. Latin America, we're down 18%. And then in our residential business, our sales were down 19%, with unit shipments being down 26%. That's sort of the headwind that we were talking about, that Steve was talking about in his section, the extreme softness in the residential market. We look at our order intake, we're up 2% in the quarter excluding currency. Geographically, kind of a mixed bag here. Asia continues to be very strong, and so in Asia that is up 17%; up 6% in North America; flattish in Europe; and then we were down in Latin America and the Middle East. The Middle East really down 40%. We had a tough year-over-year comparison and the size of our order intake there tends to be fairly lumpy. So it's not really indicative of our business performance, just the timing of large orders on a year-over-year basis. As indicated earlier, our backlog was up 8% to $5.3 billion. That's a record level for us. In terms of our segment income at $133 million is about 4% lower than last year. Margins were comparable to the year-ago levels in North America systems and Global WorkPlace Solutions but lower in our service business and in Asia. I'd just remind folks that we are up against a pretty tough year-over-year comp in Asia. Last year, in the quarter, our Asian income was up 65% on a year-over-year basis. So down slightly from last year, but we had a tough comparison there. In terms of the margins for BE in the quarter, they were actually in line with our expectations. Most of the year-over-year decline was due to the timing of some of our investments in infrastructure and the launch of Panoptix. Our business did a nice job actually of offsetting some of the revenue softness with SG&A reductions. Turning to Power Solutions, our business performed very well in the quarter despite some significant headwinds, which I'll get to later on. Sales were up 4%. If you look at our unit volumes, we were actually down 1%. Aftermarket volumes, which are primarily soft due to the weather here, were down 1%. And as Steve indicated earlier, we saw most of the year-over-year decline happen in the latter part of December. We're starting to see some of the benefits in terms of product mix as our AGM business continues to grow. Then lastly, with regards to our China plant which has been shut down since September, we originally forecast that the facility, we were hoping, will be open for the beginning here, the second quarter. That plant remains closed, and we're in discussions with the Chinese authorities. But at this point in time, it's uncertain when and if that facility's going to come back online this year. And the guidance that we're going to provide later on assumes the facility is closed for the remainder of the year. So that's the worst-case scenario. In terms of our segment income here, you can see a nice increase to 25%, up to $271 million. Here, we saw very strong margin performance as we benefited from the investments in our vertical integration. That's smelting, the higher mix of AGM batteries. And then we had an equity income benefit that we expected and was included in our guidance, about $0.02 a share associated with the increased investment that we made in our separator joint venture business in the quarter. Partially offsetting this, of course, was the impact of the Chinese plant being shut down for the full quarter and the consolidation of our hybrid battery business, which depresses our margin. Turning over to Slide 10 in the financials. So just a little bit of more color here. So as we said at the top of the call here, sales up to $10.4 billion, 9% year-over-year increase. Currency really wasn't a factor. If you back out the year-over-year currency differences, our underlying growth was about 10%. So not really much of an issue. In terms of our gross profit, you can see about a 10 basis point year-over-year decline here. Here, we basically saw the benefit of our higher volumes, offset by our business mix. In other words, our automotive business, which tends to have the lowest gross margin, was a bigger piece of the pie this quarter than it was last year. That sort of depresses our margins on a reported basis. In addition, as Steve indicated, the softness of our residential business depressed our margins by about 10 basis points as well in the quarter. In terms of SG&A, you can see an 11% increase. The SG&A as a percentage of sale ticked up about 20 basis points. Here we're really seeing the impact of the SG&A coming on our automotive acquisitions and the investments that we're making in innovation, emerging market infrastructure and some of our IT investments. Equity income, you can see a big year-over-year increase from $66 million to $120 million. There's really 3 things driving this increase. One is the increased profitability of our automotive joint ventures in China; secondly, the equity income benefit of a couple cents a share that I talked about in Power Solutions; and then third, in the prior year, we had equity losses on our hybrid business flowing through this line. Those losses are now consolidated, so don't flow through the equity income line. And then lastly, from a margin point of view, you can see about a -- we had 10 basis point improvement in our margins, up to 5.7% in the quarter. Turning to Slide 11, maybe just a few comments here on financing charges. You can see a fairly large year-over-year increase from $35 million to $49 million. This is really an impact of comparable interest rates, but really, higher debt levels associated with the acquisitions and capital investments that we've made on a -- that have grown significantly on a year-over-year basis. If you look at our effective tax rate, it's at 19%. That's consistent with our guidance and our effective tax rate last year. In terms of income attributable to noncontrolling interest or minority interest, it's higher by about $7 million, from $28 million to $35 million. That's really attributable to higher levels of profitability on our Automotive and Power Solutions consolidated joint ventures. Maybe just spend a bit of time here on the balance sheet and our cash flow in the quarter. And maybe the first thing I just point out is we did make about $350 million of pension and post-retirement funding in the quarter. Those flow through as a use of cash within our operating activities and also show as an outflow in terms of working capital. So you really need to adjust those to sort of get an apples-for-apples comparison in terms of how our businesses are performing. If you make that adjustment, our cash provided by operating activities more than doubled in the quarter to $250 million from about $130 million last year. If we look at our working capital, and we really define our working capital as being trade working capital, so it's inventory, receivables and payables, we saw a 40 basis point improvement in trade working capital levels versus where we were at the end of last year. So we're pleased to see an improvement there. And then lastly, if you just look at our total working capital outflow, we typically have an outflow in the first quarter. This year, it was $380 million. Last year, it was $450 million. Again, I'm adjusting for the retirement contributions here. So we are pleased to see that, that outflow was less this year than last year, and we continue to focus a lot of our energies on driving improvement in our working capital management. In terms of our capital investment, you can see we had a major increase here, $500 million -- nearly $540 million, or nearly double the level of last year. That's basically the run rate associated with the $1.7 billion that Steve referred to in his slides earlier. And then I would just point out that also, within our cash flow, we have $100 million outflow associated with the increase in the ownership stake that we have in our Power Solutions separator joint venture. So let me just now talk to our guidance and some of the factors affecting our guidance in a little bit of more detail here. And I'd like to really comment on which one of these impact the second quarter and which ones impact the full year. And I've also tried to use kind of the size of the arrows here to relocate -- to indicate the relative magnitude of each of these factors. So let me just go through them, and Steve touched on some of these, but let me just touch on some of them in a little bit more detail. So first of all, in terms of Power Solutions weather-related volumes, we aren't going to see the winter stocking -- restocking that we normally anticipate. That's going to be a fairly significant impact to the second quarter, but it has no impact at all in the second half of the year. In terms of the Shanghai closure, that is going to be another significant impact here for the second quarter. The impact as we go further through the year becomes less and less because we're able to offset the closed -- the existing Shanghai facility with volumes that are coming online in our 2 other facilities in the region. So it becomes a diminishing issue for us as the year progresses and probably won't be a factor as we go into 2013. In terms of the metals start-up, I talked about this one earlier. Here we thought we'd have some headwinds that would go away in the first quarter. We expect to see those trend into the second and possibly into the third quarter. But we're on a glide path, so those should be substantially gone by the second half of the year. In terms of the European production volume, it's a relatively small impact in the second quarter and the second half. Same situation in terms of the euro. I just point out the euro alone is worth about $0.04 in terms of our reduction in guidance here. In terms of the residential HVAC demand, we expect that to continue to be a headwind for us. In the second quarter, the impact becomes lesser in the second half of the year, largely because of some new business wins that we have, and we're comparing against better year-over-year comparables. And then lastly, well, obviously, we're doing a number of things to offset some of these headwinds through cost reduction initiatives, pulling forward some of our best business practice projects and things like that. Those will accelerate over time. So obviously, they're going to have some impact here in the second quarter, and that grows as we go throughout the balance of the year. So when you sort of look at it all-in-all, net position here for the second quarter, it's about a $0.10 to $0.12 headwind. And as we get into the second half of the year, largely speaking, our cost reduction initiatives are going to offset most of the headwinds here. So we're only looking at a $0.01 to $0.02 per share deterioration in the second half of the year. In terms of our revised guidance on the last slide here, our sales we now expect to be up 7% to $43.5 billion. Most of that softness would be associated with the euro. In terms of our EPS guidance, let me first talk about full year, we're lowering that to $2.70 to $2.85, which would still represent a year-over-year increase of 13% to 19%. And we're introducing guidance of $0.52 to $0.54 for the second quarter, many of the factors explaining that second quarter outlook I touched on the previous slide here. In terms of net financing charges, you can see we're taking that up about $10 million in terms of range. That really reflects the impact of the bond issuance that we did in late November. We termed out about $1.1 billion of our debt. We just thought that was a prudent thing to do to take advantage of historically low interest rates and also reduce our dependency on short-term borrowings in the event we saw deterioration in the financial markets associated with the situation in Europe. In terms of our CapEx outlook, we're maintaining that at $1.7 billion. So just before we get into the questions, I think kind of the financial highlights would be strong double-digit top line growth in the quarter, and we expect to see continued growth here for the balance of the year. Our margins, although they're a little bit short of expectations, are up year-over-year, and we expect to see those ramp up in the second half of the year in particular. We do have some near-term challenges, but I think our cost reduction initiatives are ramping up so that we're going to minimize the impact of those as we exit 2012. We're starting to see some improvements in our working capital position, and we're continuing to invest in some of the long-term growth initiatives. Our capital expenditure plans are on track, and we continue to deploy capital in areas like the separator joint venture where we can generate long-term shareholder value. So with that, I'll turn it back to Glen and we'll open things up for Q&A.
Glen Ponczak: Hey, Kim, we're ready to take questions. [Operator Instructions] All right, Kim, we're ready to start.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from John Murphy with Bank of America, Merrill Lynch.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: One question, first on the Shanghai battery, your shutdown or the continuation of the shutdown of that plant. I'm just curious, as you look at your other plants and your ability to make up that capacity or buy them elsewhere, just curious what your comfort level is that you might not run into the same sort of regulatory or quota issues on lead processing at those other plants? And how much more capacity can you add to those other plants to really make this up?
Stephen A. Roell: Yes. I guess let me start. John, this is Steve. We're pretty confident about the fact we're not going to run into any other issues in the plants that we've launched. They're vastly different locations, number one. Okay? And we're in the midst of putting that capacity on board. I don't see any issue there. Both plants we have are permitted, and the volumes are -- the additional capacity is already being put in place. So I think it was very specific to that location right now, John.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just maybe 2 very simple housekeeping questions. If you could just give us your European exposure on the auto business by automaker. And the other housekeeping is you guys reduced your pension discount rate in the U.S. from 5.25% to 5%, and this was in the 10-K. That seemed like it was a pretty small reduction relative to what the Moody's AA Index did, which was down at least 75 basis points for measurement point to measurement point. Just curious, what was the driver of what -- it was a pretty small decline in that discount rate. Just a very small technical question.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, I'll take the discount rate one.
Stephen A. Roell: I'll take the other one.
R. Bruce McDonald: John, I think -- we obviously work with both our actuarial advisers and with our auditors in terms of setting our discount rate. And I think if you look at the change -- I mean, our year-end, we set our discount rate with the year-end -- our year-end measurement dates are as of September. So I think when you look at the September-to-September movement, maybe a little bit different than the December-to-December. The other factor is you have to look at the duration of the -- in addition to taking the AA corporate standard, you have to look at your expected duration of your liability curve. We tend to have a fairly young workforce, so our liability curve tends to be a little bit longer than the index. So that gives us a little bit of benefit. Those would be the 2 factors.
Stephen A. Roell: John, this is Steve. Let me just do the best I can on this European exposure. First of all, we've got broad exposure in Europe. Our largest customer is Volkswagen followed by Mercedes. But we do a fair amount of volume with Opel, Volvo, probably disproportionate. We do most, if not all, of Volvo's business. We do a fair amount with Ford, and we also have exposure in Renault and Peugeot. Where we don't have -- where we're underrepresented would be in probably Fiat and Dacia, which are -- if you look at the 2 OEs, which are probably under some pressure and probably where -- if you look at some of the IHS forecasting, they're forecasting some further softness. We don't have much exposure to those 2 OEs.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kelly Dougherty with Macquarie.
Kelly A. Dougherty - Macquarie Research: I just want to see if we can get a little bit more detail on the guidance. Are you sticking with the segment revenue assumptions and the margins assumption you previously had?
R. Bruce McDonald: No. What we'll do, Kelly, is we cannot -- I don't have the exact segment splits at the top of my fingers here. But what I can tell you is in terms of our overall margin guidance for the company, we guided to up about 60 to 80 basis points, and now we would be up 40 to 50 basis points. So that's kind of the magnitude of the overall position. And I think what you'll -- and Glen, you can follow up with Glen, but what you're going to see is we have lower margins than we thought in automotive, slightly softer margins in BE associated with the downturn in the residential business. And then our margins in Power Solutions will be stronger than we guided to.
Kelly A. Dougherty - Macquarie Research: Great, that was very helpful. And then just a bigger picture question. A lot of times, we get asked that the Start-Stop opportunity seems, in some ways, too good to be true. There's commanding market share, you've got very tight capacity, not too strong of competitors. So how do you think that plays out over the next quarter? Do you expect new entrants to come into the market to add to capacity and give you a bit more better run for your money? Or is your relationships, access capital, things like that, that much stronger than everybody else's?
Stephen A. Roell: Well, we've looked at that, Kelly, trying to see who could come in and compete, and we don't see a lot of competition. This is a very capital-intensive investment as we've indicated to you. So that's going to be a limiting factor in some cases. We don't see anybody migrating from the industrial base into the automotive sector. That would be one other option, but we don't believe that's going to happen. So at this point in time, we're still being pressured to put in more capacity, particularly into China. So if anything, we're not seeing any of the OEs behave like they have other sources in mind. Rather it's just more pressure on us at this stage.
R. Bruce McDonald: One of the other advantages that we have is our strong OE relationships. Because you have to remember, this is an OE business right now. It's going to migrate into the aftermarket. And when we look at our relationships through that channel versus a lot of our competitors, that's another big advantage that we have.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Leiker with Baird.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just to follow-up on that, Steve, as we look at the AGM batteries, can you give us an update on where you are on the capacity that you're putting in place, the timing for that and what the ramp is for the volumes?
Stephen A. Roell: Well, I'd have to go back...
R. Bruce McDonald: It -- well, you may have it.
Stephen A. Roell: I think, David, by the end of the year, it's something like 7 million units or something. We exited '11 in the 3 million, 3.5 million, something along those lines. And then it ramps on through 2014 to get to the 21 million.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Ultimate target there I think, was it like $18 million or something?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. Just to be clear on that one, I think if you look at our -- the numbers Glen quoted was our volume. If you look at our run rate, I think we'd hope to be exiting the year just a shade over 11 million.
Stephen A. Roell: 11 million is what I recall.
R. Bruce McDonald: And that in the following year, our production capacity by the end of the year goes up to 17 million or 18 million.
Stephen A. Roell: And just remember, a lot of the production we're putting in place is still European. It's with Hanover. We're just now getting our capacity put in place in Toledo here in the U.S.
R. Bruce McDonald: The only challenge that we -- I'd say challenge that we have versus our plans, David, would be in China. And there, the situation that we have in our Shanghai plant was when where we were hoping to introduce AGM. That obviously is being reconsidered. So at this point in time, we still don't have an answer in terms of where we're going to invest in China for the AGM products. So that's the only thing we haven't gotten our minds around.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then, Steve, just one other item here. I mean, we got several quarters in a row here where the margin items have been a bit bumpy along the way, and you do a great job of explaining the reasons along the way. We're starting to get some calls, questions from investors, whether this bumpiness in margins, the shortfall in margins is more than the normal case for JCI as opposed to nearly a history of very stellar performance on that. How can you give some comfort to folks that we're just running through a patch here of some choppiness, and there's light on the end of the tunnel there?
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, that's a very fair question. David, I guess I would highlight a couple things. First of all is the fact that we've put more resource and leadership into different roles. I indicated in the past that we did hire a new COO at Automotive. And we have hired the researchers, which is probably more critical, in terms of getting our quality experts and our Black Belts into the design phase. So I think the stabilizing or design, the standardization of product is probably one of the critical items. I guess the second thing is I would do -- would point to is the fact that we -- I'm sure we underestimated the impact of launching the magnitude of what we have. And I think now we've looked at program by program, we have metrics, we have our what are called SBB teams to help in the launch process in place. And I think I just feel much more comfortable that in terms of the complex product we're launching, and in terms of the amount of oversight and monitoring that we have and kings [ph] of reviews, I just feel we've increased our discipline significantly. I do understand the concern that you raised though, David, okay, that we've had a lot of lumpiness. And it's come from the standpoint of -- let me give you an example, and this -- I don't mean to sound this like an excuse. But if we look at the North American, the launch that Bruce referred to, 2 very successful programs from an OE perspective, one with Toyota, one with Ford. Both of them ramped up and requested significantly higher volumes than what we originally designed for the launch of those 2 products. So we went from a 5-day full bore to a 7-day, all-out. And we were incurring as much as $4 million a month of just overtime -- excuse me, of premium freight which is now down to $400,000. But if you can get a picture, $4 million a month of just premium freight, which doesn't include the overtime, the demands on maintenance and things of that nature. We had to actually locate part of that production to a second facility to take the pressure off. Now that all happened in the quarter. If you look at the customer standpoint, we met their delivery. We met their quality. We were able to do all of that but at a very high price internally from our standpoint. That's not going to repeat itself. But I do understand the fact that these things do spike, and it looks strange from the outside world. But that's really what transpired. The good news was the demand and the fact we were able to respond to it at a very high penalty from our standpoint.
Operator: Our next question comes from Itay Michaeli with Citi.
Itay Michaeli - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a question, Bruce, maybe on European auto margins for the year. I think at the Investor Day, you guided to maybe somewhere in the mid-4% range. It looks like from the FX and production cuts you made to your assumptions, the impact there may not be more than 20 to 40 basis points, by my math at least. So I mean, do you think we can still kind of hit a 4-plus percent margin in Europe auto this year?
R. Bruce McDonald: I don't have the margins broken out by region here. I mean, we kind of tend to do a deep dive in terms of our forecasting in the sort of February, March-type time frame. So what we tend to sort of do here is just kind of like a variance analysis to sort of see where we're at. We can pull something together, but I just can't answer that on the call right now.
Itay Michaeli - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So a new -- just one quick follow-up. The free cash flow guidance you've previously hatched, we assume that, that sort of moves down commensurate with the revision in earnings. Or is there anything special going on there, either up or down?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, it'll go down with the earnings. And then obviously, we -- I'd say we used about $100 million of that free cash flow to increase our ownership in the Power Solutions separator business in the quarter. But yes, I think if you just look at our free cash flow guidance, it's ticked down with the earnings.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alex Potter with Piper Jaffray.
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: My first question is regarding the impressive profitability coming out of the Automotive Experience business in China in the quarter. You had mentioned it was up 500 basis points on a year-over-year basis. It's up even more than that on a sequential basis. Was wondering what drove that significant increase and whether some of those drivers are going to be in place in the medium to long-term, or if this was kind of a one-time thing?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, Alex, when I -- just to be clear, I want to make sure you don't misinterpret what I said, is our margins in Asia were up 500 basis points. And what you kind of have to think about there, Alex, is in Asia, we have sales and revenue in Korea, in Japan, but a very small amount of revenue in China. And what we're benefiting from is the fact that we have an awful lot of nonconsolidated joint ventures in China. So what tends to happen is as those 9 consolidated joint ventures improve their level of profitability, and we pick up income and essentially no sales, and so it has a very -- it kind of skews the margins, I guess you'd say. So it's sustainable, but it's attributable to different factors than you'd think.
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. So at any rate, the improvement there was coming, for the most part, from increased productivity in those Chinese JVs and there's no reason to believe that, for some reason, they're going to become less productive?
R. Bruce McDonald: That's correct, and it's productivity and it would be driven by volume growth. So like we said in the quarter, our sales in China were up about 10%. For the year, our expectation in China's sales will be in the mid-teens up. So...
Alexander E. Potter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, sure. And then I guess my last question here is regarding some of the cost cutting measures you had mentioned that you took here in the quarter in Building Efficiency. I was just wondering if you could elaborate on that, maybe try to quantify what some of the impact might be, whether they're recurring, whether that was just one-time in the quarter.
Stephen A. Roell: A lot of it is slowing down our investments in certain areas, okay, where we could. So we had planned to, let's say, build some our sales organizations in some of the foreign markets. We'd look at the opportunities and decided that's not the best investment this stage. We've slowed down the timing of some of our IT investments. Those ones come to mind from my standpoint, Bruce.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. And then looking, obviously, at consolidation opportunities and where we can be more efficient, things like that. We're working on initiatives to move a lot of our back office stuff to lower-cost countries, and we're sort of seeing what we can do to pull those forward. In terms of magnitude here, I think we're looking to cut a couple hundred, maybe $250 million out of our SG&A versus kind of what we saw -- that's the whole company, not just Building Efficiency. That's kind of the sort of size of the prize that we're going after here to deliver our guidance here.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joseph Spak with RBC Capital Markets.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Question on the Chinese battery. I'm assuming you guys are still importing into China to sort of help meet that demand. So can you give us an order of magnitude as to sort of what that benefit is from shifting to importing batteries to be able to sort of produce in the other Chinese plants?
Stephen A. Roell: I mean, the bottom line, Joe, is it's sort of breakeven at best when you're importing, and you make a profit when you're making them domestically. Right? And that plant is certified for about 2.8 million units. Right? So that's -- if you think of -- if you level loaded it there, it's 1.5 million units or so that there's no profit on versus where there should be.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just back to European automotive margins. I realize you had the year-over-year profit increase, about -- the 1% margin. But you also, this year -- or you said that you had some accretion from the deal which you didn't last year. So can you just give us a sense of what's going on, on the core European business, if you will, from a margin perspective?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. I think what I said is we had some benefit associated with -- the acquisitions are accretive to our margins. So what you've seen in auto Europe is, as you sort of look at the pluses and the minuses, you'd see a benefit associated with the acquisition, you'd see a benefit associated with this reduction in our quality and containment-type cost. Then you would've seen a negative associated with higher net engineering costs. Those would sort of be the 3 big movers.
Stephen A. Roell: I guess -- just for the audience, I guess, the other thing I would tell you is that one of the things we haven't discussed in detail is we're making good progress on the integration of the metals operations. We incurred or benefited greatly from some of the purchasing synergies that we identified as part of the transaction. But we are lagging in other parts of it, particularly around the engineering integration. So we did not receive the -- did not benefit as much as we thought we would in the first half here. Let's put sort of part of the second half too as we've now got a weekly cadence in place. The Program Management Office has been strengthened, and we feel that the second half will benefit from achieving some of the synergies that we originally thought we would get in the first half.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: All right. One last quick one if I could sneak it in. Can you quantify what the metals impact in North America was in the quarter and how we should think about that going into the next?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. I'd say it was probably a headwind for us of say $0.05. And our expectation was that it was maybe going to be $0.03. So a couple cents of disappointment.
Joseph Spak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And should that sort of like get cut in half next quarter? Or how should we think about it?
R. Bruce McDonald: It's going to be $0.03 or $0.04 in the next quarter, and that should largely be behind us by then.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Ceraso with Crdit Suisse.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to focus on the Building business for a minute. I know you don't have the detailed breakdown of the expected revenue in margin by segment, but it would seem that this one in particular looks like it's trailing what you had expected with revenues up 9 to 11, very slow revenue growth here in the quarter, backlog that's up plus 8 versus your plus 9 to 11 prior guidance, and margins that are I know seasonally weak in Q1. But looks like it's kind of in line to behind a year ago, when for the full year you're calling for some margin expansion. It just seems that this segment seems to systematically disappoint. What's the explanation?
Stephen A. Roell: Well, let's think about some of the revenue side. I guess I would tell you that had we had the residential piece, I think we would have had different metrics on the first quarter. That's the first item I guess I would say, Chris, okay? So the residential hit on that dramatic was against our -- was different than our guidance, okay? The second thing is I think that our backlog is not moving as quickly as we thought. It's Building, which is fine. But if you look at it, when I say it's not moving, it's not executing -- the churn rate is not as strong. I don't think it's anything unusual. I think we looked at that to make sure that in fact there wasn't a postponement of projects. We've seen none of that. We've seen no cancellation. But we do see, for whatever reason, a slower execution of that backlog. Let me give you a different positive. It does address some of your concerns, but if I look at the pipeline, which is probably further my standpoint, probably the biggest indicator of the health of the business, the pipelines are up strong in both service-type work that we're quoting on, construction-type work. Solutions has not grown as much. But the other 2 are strong double-digits. So I still could see the good growth. I think we'll see that turn. And I think from the standpoint of the SG&A actions we're taking, you're more likely to see us be able to hold our guidance in terms of the margin improvement that we expect in that business in 2011 -- 2012.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I'm sorry, Steve, I missed that last comment. Are you saying that you think for the full year it's more likely now that margins will be flattish instead of up?
Stephen A. Roell: No. That we'll be able to hold the guidance that we gave you earlier. Okay?
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Be able to hold it, okay. Okay. And then the Europe volume in Auto, you've got now down 3.5%. That seems to be a fair bit stronger than the latest numbers out of CSM, which are calling for down 8.5% on your fiscal basis. What's the difference? Is it all customer exposure? Or why are you more optimistic?
Stephen A. Roell: No, Chris, it is. If you look at it, the biggest exposure from some of the estimates out there that call for a further reduction point to bigger reductions at Dacia and Fiat. And we don't have that much exposure in Europe.
R. Bruce McDonald: And to some of the Russians.
Stephen A. Roell: Russians. We don't have that exposure, okay?
Operator: Our next question comes from Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: On the Building Efficiency, just a follow-up. Could you just talk a little bit more about what's behind the North American service margins decline? And the $150 million SG&A action that you described, is that something that's already reflected in the Q1 margins? Or is that something we would expect to see prospectively?
Stephen A. Roell: It'll build as the quarter goes up. Some of that margins, as Bruce mentioned, some of that cost-reduction offset the softness in the residential. I think it'll -- our objective is to really hold our SG&A cost. We have 2 segments of SG&A cost. We have one which is tied to 4 initiatives, like our Innovation and Panoptix. And then we have the rest of the SG&A. We're trying to hold that SG&A below last year's level from a run rate, and we're doing that right now. So that's what gives me that confidence. The North American service business itself in the quarter, I can't -- this is a tough quarter from a service standpoint. It's not our largest quarter by any stretch. What we're monitoring is our renewal rates of our service business, our truck-based fleet, and looking to grow the project work, which we're seeing more demand for in terms of our pipeline. So I still feel good about the business as it plays out.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And just secondly, you described a few unusual items in the Automotive Experience business in North America, the metals ramp and some unusual freight and things like this. I'm assuming that you're not -- you're no longer expecting the margins for the full year to be flat in North American Auto Experience. When you add up all of the unusuals together, can you give us a sense of how big a drag that is and how you see that sort of -- the trajectory of that over the course of the year?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. I think, like I said, I don't have the breakdown, the geographic breakdown, Rod, in terms of Europe, North America and Asia, in terms of our outlook. But clearly, like I said earlier in the Q&A here, we do expect our margins to be lower in AE than we guided to. I just don't have -- I wish I could answer your question, but I just don't have the details here on the call. But you're right in your comment. I just can't quantify it. I mean, we're not looking for -- we're basically saying that the industry's levels are going to be the same as our outlook, so we're not changing that. And the only thing that we've talked through here is the fact that the metals launch was more difficult than we thought in Q1 by a couple cents a share, and we're going to have a headwind of that of $0.03 or $0.04 a share going into the second quarter here. So if we take that, you're talking $0.05 to $0.06 of extra cost, which equates to somewhere between $50 million and $60 million of earnings hit on the North American business. So it's definitely going to pull their margins down. I just don't have all the -- there's some other moving pieces, Rod, but in orders of magnitude, that's probably what we're looking at.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Do you -- just one last thing. Do you happen to have the acquisition costs from Q1 of last year in Europe? You were amortizing an unusually high acquisition expense.
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, in the number that we're comparing to in our call here, we only closed on the relatively small fabric, Michel Thierry acquisition in the first quarter. The metals acquisitions, one happened in Q2 and one happened in Q3. So from that perspective, they don't really -- they're just -- we call those out at separate line items, and we'll definitely do that when we talk to our second and third quarter numbers.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: In North America, you said that JSV [ph] production was a headwind in 1Q, probably driven by the Thailand impact. Do you have a sense of what that production ramp looks like over the next couple of quarters and if that's going to be something that helps you out from the industry in a big way?
Stephen A. Roell: You're talking about the replenishing of inventories in Japanese dealers and things.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Exactly. Yes.
Stephen A. Roell: The only thing I can -- let me try if I understand the question right. If you look at the build schedules that we have, they're out there for the second, third and fourth quarter. They're up, I'm going to say, 8% in North America. But if you look at it, Ravi, to your point, there's some vastly different OE performance. Basically, the North American OEs are flattish to slightly down in the next 3 quarters. The growth is really going to be accruing from the Japanese suppliers. So Japanese exposure in the next 3 months should benefit those players, and we think we will because of that.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. I think, I only know -- I've got the Q2 outlook for us, Ravi. I don't have the Q3 and Q4. But if I look at the second quarter here, our second quarter, we're looking for the Japanese production to be up about 17%. So as I said in my comments, if you look at Q1, our sales to our Japan customers in North America were up about 4%. And as we look into the second quarter, we should start to see some benefit relative to the industry.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes. I've got a little more information, Bruce. I can tell you that if you look at the second half build, GM, Ford and Chrysler are all expected to be anywhere from 4% to 16%, whereas Toyota will be up 73%. So the growth in the quarter, in the second half, is almost -- it's all attributed to Toyota and Honda. A little bit to Volkswagen.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And also, just quickly on the equity income, I think you cite in your release that the separator JV income was kind of onetime-ish in nature. So what kind of run rate can we expect for that line next couple of quarters?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. The balance, that was about $20 million, a couple cents a share. That was something that we knew about within our guidance. So that's the amount that's nonrecurring, Ravi.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So what, $100 million would be regular [ph] going forward?
R. Bruce McDonald: Give or take, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Archambault with Goldman Sachs.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just had a question on pricing in seating. I guess, maybe 2 parts to it. Number one is how would you characterize the pricing environment? Number two, it sort of is notable that it sounds like you've had to bear the cost of some of these increased orders on short notice that have been put to you by some of your customers in an environment where production estimates seem to be going up and not down in North America. What kind of a measure do you have against continuing to sort of shoulder that kind of premium freight if indeed things went up a little higher? And in general, back to my first question, I can't help but notice that there was another large seating manufacturer at the Detroit Auto Show that also pointed to weak margins in the seating segment. I mean, is this an industry which still has capacity issues which is preventing the kind of leverage that you need to get the right kind of pricing for these contracts? Or have things changed?
Stephen A. Roell: Let me try, Pat, on both points. I guess, first of all, I would describe the pricing environment as not really changing, okay? It's pretty much what it has been for the last year. So I don't see any increased heightened pressure from our customers in that context. If I go to the item with metals, that's an unusual situation where you have 2 programs that take off the way they have and where we have to respond in that fashion. It just so happens that -- I wouldn't point it to capacity, although the plant that we had that was dedicated to those 2 facilities, we just undersized given the original expectations. That's unusual. That doesn't happen very often. But I wouldn't characterize that as a capacity issue in the industry or capacity issue that's going to impact us as we go forward. If demand continues to improve, we've got enough capacity throughout our organization now, particularly with the metals acquisitions to be able to respond and take advantage of it. So we would -- unlike what I described to you in North America regarding what we had to run into, I would say that we'll clearly benefit from higher volumes.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, and I would just -- maybe to help you out there, if you look at our longer-term guidance for Auto, it's 7% to 8% of ROI. That's what we're sort of looking for. And as we look at the new programs and the capital associated with new programs and our bidding activity, that's where they're coming in at. So when we look into our backlog, we feel confident that we can get there. I just think many of the issues that we're grappling with are too many of them, are things that we just got to do a better internal job.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes. I think maybe what Bruce is really saying, I want to maybe get close on the wrap up here, is to say that really, a lot of what we're experiencing are things that are under our control. We can improve this. We get the integration done, get that completed, we get the improvements that we're expecting from a quality perspective. When I talk to the leadership in the Automotive group, they're very confident about achieving those goals that we once set, which was being able to get to a 7% or 8% margin, get to a 25%-plus return on assets. That's still what we're marching to every day. And we do experience some of these hiccups and more so than usual recently, but we feel confident we're putting things in place to get the processes and the discipline what we need to be.
Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And if I could just ask one, just housekeeping one as a follow-up just on BE, you had -- I'm sorry if I cut you off in terms of Auto there, but I wanted to sneak this one in before the end of the call, in terms of non-res expectations, you had given out I think 1.5 in U.S. and 1.8 for Europe during your Analyst Day. Is there any kind of new outlook there that you can provide to us for that end market?
Stephen A. Roell: It's interesting. I would say it may have deteriorated a little bit, Pat, but not in the scheme of things, okay? And where I'd be looking to see that, it would be in the pipeline bidding activity and the fact that it's actually a little bit stronger than what I thought. I can't point to that being a factor at this stage.
Glen Ponczak: We're out of time here. Steve, do you have some final comments?
Stephen A. Roell: I think maybe to wrap up, just a comment. We recognize we had some certain short-term challenges. I've been involved in the C-Suite here for 20 years, and we've never guided lower except we pulled our guidance back in 2009. So this is sort of new for Bruce and I to go through and guide lower. We recognize the short-term challenges to our original expectations, but our fundamental growth story, it remains intact. We continue to invest to achieve our long-term growth. Our profit and margin are firmly our objectives, and that's what we're committed to. And that's really what we want to convey to you today.
Glen Ponczak: Okay, thanks everybody.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Ponczak - Director of IR R. Bruce McDonald - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Stephen A. Roell - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Jeffery Bencik - Kaufman Bros., L.P., Research Division Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co. David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Colin Langan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Himanshu Patel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Brett D. Hoselton - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Colin W. Rusch - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Unknown Analyst - 
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Glen Ponczak. Sir, you may begin.
Glen Ponczak: Thank you, Don, and thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning. Before we begin, I want to remind you of our forward-looking statements. Johnson Controls have made forward-looking statements in this document of presentation today pertaining to its financial results for Fiscal '12 and beyond that are based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements, include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates or forecasts. For those statements, the accompany cautions that numerous important factors, such as automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices and the strength of the U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellation of or changes to commercial contracts, changes in the levels or timing of investments and commercial buildings, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of the company's most recent Form 10-K filing, which was filed on November 23, 2010, could affect the company's actual results and could cause its actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by or on behalf of the company. We're joined this morning by Steve Roell, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson Controls, who will give an overview of the quarter and of fiscal 2011; followed by Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to give a more detailed review of the business segments and our outlook on 2012. That will be followed by question and answers. And with that I'll turn it over to Steve.
Stephen A. Roell: Okay. Thank you, Glen. Well good morning and thank you for joining us. I'm going to preface my comments by just indicating that our 2011 results that we're sharing with you today and the outlook for 2012 are consistent with the previous guidance that we gave at our Analyst Day 2 weeks ago in New York. I think our press release indicated that, and those of you that went through our models understand that.  As I look at full-year results, record sales and earnings, I'm pleased with the fact that we overcame a really mixed macro environment. We did benefit from some global growth in the automotive business industry, but to be honest, there were times throughout the year that we thought it would even be stronger. But nevertheless, we did benefit from that.  The building markets did not recover the way we expected. We assumed and it did get good growth in the interim in the emerging markets, but certainly, things like the residential market were much weaker than what we expected coming into the year. And of course, we had that midyear disruption with the Japanese earthquake and tsunami and all the inefficiencies that, that created. But despite that, the fact that we -- despite those conditions, we outperformed our underlying markets, we have double-digit top line growth in earnings in all 3 of our businesses, and we believe we gained share significantly in every one of those 3.  I think the other thing that was noteworthy is the fact that there was increased clarity regarding the opportunity for AGM Battery growth in the future to support Start-Stop. I think we've commented on the fact that we invested almost $525 million of capital or committed that, I should say, in 2011 for that growth, it will require much more. But clearly, that opportunity came much clearer to us as the year progressed.  It was also a record year of investment for us. It was a record year of capital investments, $1.3 billion, and also the fact that we made the strategic investments in automotive that totaled almost $1.4 billion. Both of those categories are critical to supporting our 2000 [ph] and beyond growth for our business. If I just look at the full-year numbers for our fiscal year sales for $40.8 billion, it's the first time that we exceeded the $40 billion mark, up 19% from last year. Our segment income was $2.4 billion compared to $1.9 billion in 2010, an income of $1.7 billion that resulted in earnings per share of $2.40, a 21% increase over the $1.99 a year ago. If I now then look at 2012, I really just want to reiterate some of the comments I made in New York regarding our confidence going into 2012. Clearly, with that investments -- those investments that we've made in 2011, both the M&A and the capital, we'll start to see some accretion and benefit from those in our 2012 results. We all started the year with very strong backlogs. We had $2.3 billion of new orders in 2011 in our Automotive business, which resulted in a backlog of $4.2 billion in the next 3 years. I think our notes indicate that $1 billion of that launch is in fiscal 2012.  Building Efficiency, backlog was up 8% at the end of 2011. It's consistent with the backlog that we needed to be able to achieve our 2012 guidance that we provided to you earlier. I would like to comment on the orders. I know there were -- we noted that the orders in the quarter were flat in quarter -- the year-over-year comparison. I would like you to remember that back in 2010, that quarter, our orders were up 32% in the prior year, and really helped by significant contracts that we booked in the Middle East. I also would just like to comment that we just needed to provide some guidance on how to look at the backlog in orders, and clearly, quarter-over-quarter is not the way to look. It's year-over-year. We have seasonal aspects to both our sales as well as our order take. And so the year-over-year is the right comparison, not quarter-over-quarter. In terms of 2012, then we also expect to benefit from the continued presence that we have in the emerging markets and the investments we've made to grow our capacity and capabilities in those markets. We continue to see good underlying strength in our battery aftermarket, which we think will benefit us and provide stability in our earnings and growth in 2012. And finally, as I've mentioned, we know we have operational improvements we can make. You'll start to see that early in the fiscal year by continuing throughout the fiscal year for us, particularly in the Automotive group. So the combination of those factors is what provides us with our confidence regarding 2012 outlook that we provided to you. Now I'm going to shift back to the fourth quarter. I just have the financial data to go through and then Bruce will go through in much more detail. But for the quarter, our sales were $10.8 billion, up 19%. And if you can look at the segment income at $725 million, a net income of $514 million. You can see our earnings per share of $0.75 per share compared to $0.60 per share into the quarter ended last year, an improvement of 25%.  So Bruce is now going to go through and talk to you about the performance of each of the business segments. Bruce?
R. Bruce McDonald: Okay. Thanks, Steve. Let me just start with Automotive Experience here. We had a very strong quarter here again in Automotive Experience against the backdrop of relatively modest global production levels. If you look at the sales number up 24% to $5.1 billion. On a constant currency basis, our sales were up about 20%.  Sales gains, as I talked about versus the production levels, show a continuing trend of gaining share and the impact of launching some of our new business awards. So in North America, you can see our sales were up 7% versus a 6% increase in production. If you look at Europe, and we kind of back out both the impact of foreign currency and the acquisitions, our organic growth was 17% higher than last year -- sorry, 18% up versus last year, and that compares very favorably against that 5% production increase. In China, our sales in the quarter were -- which largely comes through nonconsolidated operations, were up 20%. Again, that compares to $1.1 billion. And that compares very favorably to the 8% growth in production level.  From an overall point of view, our sales in China were up for the full year, over 27% to just a shade over $4 billion. Then lastly, in the other parts of Asia, Japan and Korea, we saw a pretty healthy uptick there, really driven by Korea, which was up fairly significantly in the quarter, offset slightly, however, by some softness in Japan. Looking to the segment income line, you can see for the quarter sales or income, sorry, was up 81% to $234 million. Here we benefited from a higher volume that I talked about earlier, the accretive impact of the acquisitions and a meaningful improvement on our European quality and containment cost that we were talking about all year. We're really pleased to see the performance come through in Europe. And as we noted here on the slide, we saw $79 million year-over-year improvement in our business operations in Europe. And our margin for the quarter came in at 2.9%.  In Asia, we benefited from exceptionally strong performance in our Chinese joint ventures. And then in North America, we had some margin erosion about 110 basis points reflecting a higher level of launch load in the quarter. And the open -- and we're opening up a new metals footprint here in North America. So those 2 costs kind of dragged down our margins. If we turn to Building Efficiency, you can see sales up about 14% or 10% on a constant currency basis. In terms of where we saw revenue growth, it was pretty broad based. So Global WorkPlace Solutions, we were up 24%; North America, up 7%; Asia, up 17%. If you just look at China, part of Asia, in Building Efficiency, our revenues for the year improved by 39% to just under $1 billion. So we're getting close to that $1 billion level in Building Efficiency. Middle East, you can see up 51%; and Europe starting to see some year-over-year momentum here, that were up 9% in the quarter. And you can see on the bottom of the chart, we talk about our Global Equipment business. In the quarter, chiller sales were up 19%.  In terms of talking through our orders, as Steve indicated earlier, our orders were flat versus last year, but we kind of have some tough comparables with that up approximately 30% of last year. It kind of deep dived the various regions. We did see strong growth in Latin America, where we're up 39%; Asia was up 18%; Europe up double digit to 10%; North America was where we were sort of flattish. There we were kind of negatively impacted by a 2 or 3 very large solutions jobs that we thought we would book in the fourth quarter that we expect to slip into the first quarter here. And in the Middle East, we were down 56%. And that's kind of the area where we're struggling with the year-over-year comp. In 2000 -- in this quarter last year, we were up 56% -- or 57% and that came right back down this quarter. So we had a few large jobs last year. Overall, the Middle East continues to be very robust. For the year, orders there were up 23%. In terms of our backlog, Steve indicated earlier backlog is up to $5.1 billion or 8% higher, and that's consistent with our guidance and supportive of the outlook that we have for 2012.  In terms of segment income, up 1% to $278 million. Margins as you can see on the slide, we know margins excluding Global WorkPlace Solutions were 9.3%, and that, as you know, our goal in Building Efficiency is our margins get to 10% excluding GWS.  In terms of the performance in the various regions, we saw a strong growth in Asia, where our profitability was up 27% and North America Systems, which was up 13%, I'm sorry, and Middle East, where our profitability really driven by the higher revenues up 50%, driving our other segment income up 34%. This was largely offset, however, by lower segment income in our North America Services business, which is kind of impacted by a few things. One, contract reserves in our Solutions business, some costs associated with the EnergyConnect acquisition that we completed in the quarter, and some infrastructure investments that we continue to make to grow our Solutions business, our sales levels and our infrastructure outside of North America. In terms of GWS, we saw some headwind there as we were adversely impacted by startup cost on about $1 billion of new business at a sort of annual run rate that we launched in the quarter. In terms of Power Solutions, you can see sales up 19%. We had a very, another solid quarter here in Power Solutions, with unit volumes being up about 3%. Revenues in the Power Solutions were helped by both foreign exchanges, about a 5% contributor to that growth, and higher lead pass-through arrangements, which was about 7% or $88 million in the quarter. As we've noted here on the slide, aftermarket volume was up about 4% and OE is up about up about 2%. Geographically, if we kind of look at our volumes, we were sort of flattish in North America, and here, where we saw some destocking in the aftermarket channels. In Europe, our volumes were up 20%. Almost all of that was in the aftermarket sector, and Asian volumes improved by 7%. In Building -- sorry, Power Solutions, most of our investment in our growth initiatives continue to remain on track. We continue to see the benefit of our second North American sell-through coming online that's impacting our margins. Our third smelter will come online in the second half of 2012 in South Carolina, and we continue to make the investments as Steve indicated in terms of our AGM capacity where for 2012 we expect our units to more than double to $7 million. In terms of the income of $213 million, up 17% last year, if we adjust the lead pass-throughs, our segment margins were up about 60 basis points year-over-year. Our 2011 results benefited from higher volumes, richer product mix and the impact of the recycling investments that I spoke of earlier.  As many of you know, our manufacturing operation in Shanghai was forced to stop production here late in the fourth quarter. We're working with the government and the various regulatory bodies in China. Our current outlook for that facility is it will not be open in our first quarter, and we're hoping that we are able to restart production in January. So that's going to give us a little bit of headwind, which we've factored into our guidance here in the first quarter. I flip over to the financials. I'm going to talk about the financials excluding items, and we have a few adjustments, none of these are very material, but I just want to make sure I highlight those. So for 2011, we backed out a net gain from some non-recurring gains in Power Solutions associated with our joint venture in the buyout of Saft. We have a $30 million -- and we also have $43 million of restructuring charges, primarily associated with Building Efficiency where we're looking to do some SG&A reductions and $30 million non-recurring income tax benefit associated with the release of some valuation allowances. In 2010, we had some similar one-time items. We had a $37 million gain associated with the acquisition of a Power Solutions joint venture and a $19 million impairment charge in our Automotive Experience business. I'd also note that we aren't pulling out in here acquisition-related costs associated with the Automotive acquisitions. Those are about $10 million in the quarter. That's kind of the run rate that we see running through our P&L as we get into 2012. So those we're baking as normal ongoing costs.  In terms of our revenue, if we'd make all those adjustments, our revenue was up 19%, as Steve indicated earlier, to a record level of $10.8 billion. On a year-over-year basis, if you back out the impact of the euro, which was about 9% stronger, our underlying sales growth, excluding FX, was 15%.  In terms of our gross profit in the quarter, you'll see we're down about 50 basis points. And this is really just business mix. If we look at our margins on a business-by-business basis, we saw about 110-basis point improvement in Automotive Experience, primarily driven by the improvements in our European operations. And Power Solutions, despite the lead pass-through implications, margins were up 50 basis points. And there is where we're seeing the benefit of vertical integration and the improved product mix. And in Building Efficiency, where we struggled with some of the contract-related charges and the growth in Global WorkPlace Solutions, that's where our margins were down about 160 basis points. So net-net, we're down 50 basis points, but good solid improvement in both Auto and Power Solutions.  Look at SG&A, up about, you can see, about 11%. If you look at SG&A as a percentage of revenue, declined by about 70 basis points to 10.1%. And I would note that we do continue to make significant levels of investment in some of our growth initiatives like innovation, emerging market infrastructure, IT initiatives and things like that.  In terms of equity income, you could see a big increase here, 32%. Here is where we really saw the benefit of the performance of our Chinese joint ventures in our Automotive business. And overall, if you look at our segment income of $725 million, you can see our segment margin is up about 20 basis points on a year-over-year basis. Turning to Slide 11. Let me just comment on our financing charges down slightly in the quarter versus prior year. This level of financing cost is around where we expect to run during 2012. We expect net financing costs to be in that $50 million to $55 million on a quarterly basis. And generally speaking, we're seeing lower interest rates offsetting higher debt levels associated with our acquisitions. In terms of our underlying tax rate consistent with our guidance, it was 19% in the quarter. And that was 1 percentage point higher than last year where we had an 18% effective tax rate. Again, you can see on income attributable to noncontrolling interests, we had a charge of $35 million in the quarter versus $28 million last year. That's really just the impact of our Automotive joint ventures being more profitable this year than last year. Then lastly, our earnings per share at $0.75 for 25% higher than the prior year. I'd like to maybe just spend a minute in terms of our balance sheet and provide some commentary on sort of how things are shaking out here. So if you look at our cash provided by operating activities, you'll see it's $587 million versus $46 million last year. What I would like to point out is these numbers include the impact of our discretionary funding of our retirement plan. And so you really need to make those adjustments to have, to show our numbers on a comparable basis. In the fourth quarter of this year, we had a discretionary contributions of $175 million versus $440 million last year. So if you kind of make those adjustments, our true operating performance in the quarter was $763 million, and just make the same adjustments for last year that's a year-over-year improvement of cash from operating activities of 57%. In terms of working capital, again this is where the pension and retirement funding falls through. So you really need to adjust that. If you do make that adjustment in the quarter, cash from working capital was a source in the quarter of about $45 million. We'd had hoped this would come in a little bit higher. I think at the last call, we talked about a number of $300 million to $400 million, that's going to continue to be a focus for us and we expect to make some improvements here as we get into the first half of 2012. In terms of our capital expenditure, you'll see there's a pretty significant increase, up 70% to $425 million in the quarter, and this is kind of the level that we're going to be running at and as we get into 2012. So guided to CapEx and that $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion range, we're going to see this level of CapEx on a go-forward basis. The other thing I'd point out in our statement of cash flows is we did have $145 million outflow associated with the buyout of Saft in the quarter as well. That will flow through the acquisitions line.  Overall, if you look at our balance sheet, it continues to be extremely strong. Our net debt to total capitalization at the end of the quarter here is 31%. We certainly have a strong balance sheet which gives us the ability to invest and take advantage of attractive growth opportunities when they arise. Then lastly, I'll just comment on the 2012 outlook, and as Steve indicated earlier, there is no change to the full-year guidance that we gave a year ago. And I guess I just want to provide a little bit more clarity in terms of the phasing of our earnings, and I guess in retrospect, we maybe should have done this during our earnings call -- sorry, our analyst meeting. But right now, we see our earnings being slightly back-end loaded here. So for the first quarter, we're looking at earnings to be in that 60% to 62% range -- $0.60 to $0.62 range, I'm sorry. If we kind of look at our -- some of the underlying fundamentals in auto, volumes remain stable. They're holding up pretty well. Our operational performance continues to show good progress. We're pleased with how Europe came out and we're entering 2012 at a run rate to support the improved level of profitability in automotive.  In Building Efficiency, our backlog's in exactly the same spot we thought it would be, and so we expect to see good flow from our backlog in Q1, and as meaningful pickup in orders associated with our solutions projects here in the first quarter. Our Chinese operations, generally speaking, are performing pretty well. However, as indicated before, we do expect our battery plant to be closed for the first quarter here, and that's worth about $0.02 or $0.03 a share in terms of the negative impact that we have to overcome in the first quarter here. We are substantially increasing our investments in some of the key areas, product development, innovation, IT investments and overseas infrastructures. So those costs will be ramping up throughout 2012. And I think overall, we're feeling pretty good about the start of the year, and we're pleased with how things are going.  So I think just financially before I turn over to questions, I think the kind of key takeaways here, we had good solid double-digit top line growth in all 3 of our businesses. We demonstrated a meaningful improvement on our European margins and we feel good about the progress in addressing some of the cost and containment issues that have been lingering with us for most of 2011. Our acquisitions are performing well and are on track to be accretive in 2012. We feel we have good order momentum in Building Efficiency despite some of the lumpiness that was in the fourth quarter here. We are continuing to increase our level of investment in organic and M&A initiatives, and we have a strong balance sheet to be able to take advantage of opportunities to deliver superior shareholder value when they arise. So with that, Glen, maybe I'll turn it over to you for the Q&A.
Glen Ponczak: Yes, Don, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Ceraso.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a couple of things. First, you mentioned that you've got couple of things that are dragging here on the first quarter, but on the flip side, are you going to get any help from the Japanese OEMs, your Japanese customers trying to catch up and produce some extra units? Have you quantified how much that might help you in this fiscal first quarter?
R. Bruce McDonald: Chris, so far, I would say we've seen very little improvement in our order books from the Japanese customers to a level above the run rate prior to the tsunami. So as we sort of look here at Q1, we're not seeing a lot of that yet.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Fair enough. And then the second question is on the pricing initiative that was talked about at the analyst meeting. Can you give us any color on specific actions that you're working on? And then in particular, in the GWS business, where do you think you can get this as you improve pricing? It's kind of break even-ish now. Do you think this can get to a 2% or 3% or 4% business? What is a GWS-type business capable of doing if you can fix pricing there?
Stephen A. Roell: Chris, this is Steve. There are 2 things. First of all, I think I would tell you initially, a lot of our focus on the pricing side is really our performance Contracting Solutions business were we deliver a value and an outcome, which is not the GWS business. That's really where our first focus is, okay?. In terms of the GWS, the business I would like to think, that can generate a 2% to 3% margin and that's in recognition of all the passthrough that we have. Okay? That's really where we have to focus. So we are talking about what we need to do to improve that, but that's probably where I would expect that business to generate its margins long-term, okay?
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And what's the timeline, Steve? When do you think you'll start to see the benefits from this in the Contracting or Solutions business?
Stephen A. Roell: It's going to take a while. I would say probably, in the orders that we book later in this year, and probably not realized in terms of our margins until 2013. So the 2012 guidance that we gave and the margin improvement really does not assume a lot of assistance from pricing in this time frame in the near term.
Operator: The next question comes from John Murphy.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: One quick follow up on Chris' question on the Japanese schedules. I'm just curious, you're seeing a marked improvement in the schedules in your first quarter versus the last 2 quarters. Is that correct? And do you see sort of an acceleration as you get into your second quarter, which would be the first calendar quarter of next year?
R. Bruce McDonald: John, let me just make sure everybody's clear on that. We're definitely seeing a pickup, especially versus our Q3, and to some extent, Q4. But what we're not seeing is, if you go back and look at our schedules that we have right now versus the schedules that we had pre-tsunami, there's not an awful lot of pickup. So they're not producing at a level that it would let them rebuild their dealer inventory at a meaningful amount.
Stephen A. Roell: Remember, Chris, this time we're launching the [indiscernible] and the Evans our volumes haven't come back that strong. Okay? That's a Tundra. Yes. That's the name of the joint, pickup trucks.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Got you. Second question just on Europe. Obviously, you guys are doing a great job of containing cost and rationalizing your own business over there. Just curious what you're seeing from customers, if there's any help or rationality coming from pricing or contract changes in Europe, or from your competition, maybe getting a little bit more aggressive on restructuring their capacity as well?
Stephen A. Roell: John, I'm not aware of anything. I'm just trying to think -- I was over in Germany last week and met with every one of our, let's call, customer business units. And I'm not -- from our conversations, I don't recall anything really being rationalized by our competitors, and/or -- well let me give you one comment. There is some concern about, again, some of the interior suppliers and their financial viability. That did come clear. We're going to have to watch that. There may be an opportunity, but that's from the interior side, not the seating side. But beyond that, I'm not hearing a whole lot about our competitors doing a lot of restructuring or the OEs.
R. Bruce McDonald: The driver behind our improvement in Europe is 100% within our control. It's bringing down the containment cost that plagued us all through 2012 and we made great progress in the quarter there. And then the acquisitions and the synergies that we expect to get from the acquisitions are very accretive to our margins.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then just lastly on the EPS guidance, it looks like it's about almost a 22% pickup year-over-year. I know you guys highlighted that the first quarter had some challenges. Is the pickup through the remaining 3 quarters a result of the reversal of the pressures in the first quarter? Is there any other real good stuff that you see coming in the last 3 quarters of the year?
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, I think, I guess like I said in my comments, our guidance, we knew we had some headwinds in Q1 associated with the launch of the metals facility in our North America and European -- our North America business. That's going to be a little bit of a headwind here for the first quarter. And we knew that. We suspected that our Chinese business was going to be shut down for the first quarter, our existing plant. So we sort of factored that in. But I think when you kind of look at the cadence of our quarterly earnings, the other big thing to remember is we were severely hit with the tsunami in Q3 of this year, so you're going to see a pretty big pop when you look at the third quarter earnings versus last year. So I think if you look at the consensus estimates that we had, guided to 20%, 22% higher, the phasing in the various analyst models is basically 20%, 22% higher every quarter. I think what we're saying is, listen, Q1 are not going to quite be that high and Q2, 3 and 4, are going to be slightly higher than the full-year average.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes. I think, Bruce, also the timing of the benefits from the M&A, and some of the capital expenditures really just fall in those last 3 quarters, okay? Gain more momentum as the quarter goes on, year goes on.
Operator: The next question comes from Brett Hoselton.
Brett D. Hoselton - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Wanted to talk a little bit about the Automotive Experience business in Europe. Beta outlined at the Analyst Day a new margin target of 6% to 7%. My first question is, is that the target you're shooting for in Europe?
Stephen A. Roell: Brett, let me go back. Beta's guidance was 7%, 8%. It was historically 6%, 7%. And took it up to 7%, 8% for the longer-term based on the addition of the metals transactions, okay? But your question really has to do with Europe and I don't see any reason why Europe cannot be at that level. We've looked at our disciplines and our processes. Something that maybe that is not well known. On November 1, we'll have a new COO that's joining our automotive group. When I say COO, that is for automotive, not for the company. It's Rainer Schmueckle, who was the COO at Daimler over their Mercedes car business. He was responsible for the turnaround at Freightliner. And I brought him on. If you recall, we had a conversation about a year ago on this phone call, where we talked about whether or not we needed additional capabilities in our European operation. Actually, his role is global. He'll actually be overseeing our manufacturing operations for all our component businesses, he'll oversee all of our global engineering, all of our global quality. And again, at the time I described the fact we just needed more capacity and more capability. So Rainer comes on effective November 1. He's actually met with our people. And his leadership will help us in terms of just helping drive process discipline throughout our organization.
Brett D. Hoselton - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: As we think about that improvement from where you're currently at, the 2.9% to that target, you've talked about part of it being operational improvements, part of it being volume. My question is how far can you go from the 2.9% on simply the operational improvements and how much do you need, how much you're relying upon volume to get to that 7% to 8%?
Stephen A. Roell: Well I would say, at least 3 -- I'm going to use the number 3/4. 3/4 of it has got to be driven off our own operations. And I don't need a lift from volume to get there. And I think that right now, Brett, some of our volume is hurting us. As Bruce mentioned, we do have higher, particularly, engineering cost. I guess I would say if I looked at the quarter, engineering cost was probably our biggest drag, just based on the launches we've got. And as you saw, over half of our backlog over the next 3 years, the launch is still Europe. But I think we can get ahead of that and get our process discipline in place. That will make a big difference.
Operator: The next question comes from David Leiker.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Bruce or Steve, in the Battery business, if I'm doing my math correctly, when you take units, currency, lead there's 4 points, 400 [ph] bps that are left. Is that price which seems to be driven by mix?
R. Bruce McDonald: I think, I believe the math is we're up 19%. I think if you take out FX and lead were up 7 and our unit's volumes was up 3, so that difference would be mix and pricing.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: How much of that would be price versus mix? Do you think?
R. Bruce McDonald: I don't have that off the top of my head.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And is the mix driven by the aftermarket OE mix or is it driven by AGMs starting to have an impact?
Stephen A. Roell: I don't think there's a lot of AGM in there yet, David, Okay? There's some but I wouldn't say that would be driving it, okay? I'd say it's the mix of the product lines. That's what I hear when I talk to our customers like at Interstate Battery [ph]. That's what they tell me, their mix is what's helping them.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then the AGMs start to drive that equation by the end of the fiscal year or do we see it earlier than that?
R. Bruce McDonald: It will start impact us on a quarterly basis, but it doesn't come in with a bang because we're sort of going up a 3-year kind of upward slope, so.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes. I think it's just the $1 million or $2 million [ph] additional units in '12 here, David. And then we're putting in capacity for the '11.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And in the Building Efficiency, can you talk a little bit of some color on that reserves on the contracts that you ended up incurring here in the quarter?
R. Bruce McDonald: Sure. I guess we -- every so often, we have some difficulties on a contract and these tend to be anywhere from 3- to 5-year old type contracts and there's a lot of times there's ongoing discussions with the lawyers, maybe there's some legal wrangling going around. But we kind of settled, I'd say, 3 or 4 large client disputes, some were I'd say our operational performance didn't hit the original contract terms in the quarter. We took charges of about $10 million to $12 million associated with 3 or 4 sort of older contracts.
Stephen A. Roell: I think, David, 2 things. Unfortunately we do have these kind of contracts when we have very complex transactions. But I think what we did in the quarter maybe to stand back and look at it in a bigger realm, so I think we used it to really get these behind us, number one. The same thing was true with the restructuring. We decided that the restructuring that we planned for 2012, we decided to accelerate to 2011 when we had the one gain. So we did some things in the fourth quarter to really set up the future.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then one last item here on China. Your business over there today is predominantly seats. What's the path in moving beyond that, interiors, electronics and metals, I would suspect, at some point?
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, you're right. We are primarily seating there, but I think we're #2 or #3 in interiors and we have a substantial backlog of new interiors business. In fact, probably, a disproportionate amount of our growth is on the interiors side. In terms of electronics, we're just continuing to chip away. We were, if you sort of go back 1.5 years or so ago, we only had one electronics joint venture, and now we have 3. So it's just going to be a steady progress.
Stephen A. Roell: On the metals side, obviously some of the -- they use the Keiper recliner and some of their capabilities. Obviously they're designed more for the high end of the market, but there's a very good technical capability there to design a product which would be appropriate for the and fit the Chinese market, that's what we're working on. So I think you'll hear over the next couple of years, David, the fact that we're designing product specifically designed for the cost points that we need to hit in China.
Operator: The next question comes from Colin Rusch.
Colin W. Rusch - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Can you talk about the opportunities that you have in South America for the Building Efficiency division? We are seeing some substantial population growth. And you mentioned expansion of commercial real estate capacity at the Analyst Day. Can you just talk about the magnitude of South America in those trends?
R. Bruce McDonald: Right now, if you look at South America, what's for us is primarily Brazil. We've had a little bit of a tough 2011. Our business, we tend to have a lot of business in South America, associated with industrial refrigeration. So we sell to some of the large food processors, poultry and beef in particular, and that industry kind of got overbuilt a little bit. But as we go forward, we're kind of expecting pretty big things around some of the Olympics and the World Cup opportunities. We've booked a few large contracts, that were about 20 stadiums in terms of improving security, some of the security systems at those stadiums. So we're expecting a very strong growth in 2012 in Brazil particularly, for Building Efficiency.
Stephen A. Roell: Because [ph] of booking orders probably...
R. Bruce McDonald: Right. Right. And the Olympics, Olympics, same thing on the Olympics.
Colin W. Rusch - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: And just a follow up on multiple device solutions for micro-hybrids as you move up the scale. Can you just refine a little bit on when you might look at implementing a 2-battery solution for micro-hybrids in either Europe or North America?
Glen Ponczak: Colin, it's Glen here. I don't know that we've got, we can be that precise here because that's really going to be driven by the OE launch of next generation Start-Stop vehicles. So I guess until the customers start talking more publicly about when they're going to get to the high idle shutdowns and some other Gen 2, Start-Stop technologies, I don't know that we can be more precise than we've been. Other than it's not going to be in the next year or 2 where you see any sort of significant move. It's a little bit further out than that.
Operator: The next question comes from Ted Wheeler [ph].
Unknown Analyst - : Back on the reserve or the charge in performance contracting, now did that also increase reserves in that? I know you carry reserves against contracts. Did you increase your reserves as well or is this just a charge of $10 million to $12 million that flowed through?
R. Bruce McDonald: These are charges, I'd say commercial settlements.
Unknown Analyst - : So there's no need to adjust because obviously you...
Stephen A. Roell: Ted, I should make sure there is no confusion. I can see where we could have created it. These had nothing to do with energy saving shortfalls. That should make that clear, okay? These are really, really beyond that. They're more complex.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. And on the auto, North American auto margins, we have 7% first half and 3.5% second half. You talked about startup costs, I think a metals plant impacting the fourth quarter. Where will those fall as we go into this year and next? And what should we think about in terms of North American auto margins?
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, I think at the Analyst Day, we were saying we felt that auto margins in North America will be fairly flat for 2012 on a year-over-year basis. Ted, I'm not sure your math was right. I mean maybe we could take that up after the fact in terms of your first half, second half. I know, for instance, here in the fourth quarter our margins are 4.2%.
Timothy J. Denoyer - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Right. Okay. So they're closer to 4%. I was kind of exaggerating.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. I can't recall off the top of my head where we were in Q3, but also keep in mind, also we have the summer shut down in our fourth quarter as well. So we had a little of that pressure there. So I'm not so sure you can kind of put that as maybe you portrayed it in your introductory comments.
Unknown Analyst - : Well, I guess you're seeing modest improvements in volume, and I guess I was sort of thinking your margins might creep up. But anyway, flat is the prognosis for this year.
R. Bruce McDonald: For 2012, yes.
Unknown Analyst - : I guess just one other, if I may. After the working capital fourth quarter, I know there were some one-timers, but could you scale the confidence in $900 million of free cash flow this year? I mean is that slipping a little bit as we kind of go into this year?
R. Bruce McDonald: No. I think we feel very confident about that. In fact, I would hope that some of the fact that our sort of working capital levels are a little bit higher than we were hoping here as we ended 2011. That maybe gives us an opportunity to make some further improvements next year.
Stephen A. Roell: Ted, if I can just give you a little more color and the rest of the people on the call here about working capital. If you look at our -- the elements of working capital. I'm just going to use receivables. Receivables at the end of September, the day sales receivables were actually 2 days improved over where they were a year ago at this time. And I would tell you that our over 90-day past due is at the lowest level it's been in 4 years. So receivables are in pretty good shape. Where we fell short is in our payables. And again if I'm going to find some place where I've got an issue, I got to go attend to, that's one. The second thing is inventory. We still know we've got pockets of inventory in parts of our business we can improve. Some of that, unfortunately is inventory that's on the water to some big jobs in the Middle East. It's our inventory based in our Building Efficiency business in China. So we know where the pockets are. But I think that, I don't want to imply that what you're seeing is not so much a function of process breakdown as much as just there's some fundamental reasons why we have inventory on the water, et cetera, okay? But we know we have room to improve and will continue, but I think maybe the audience wouldn't assume that we had a receivable improvement of 2 days. The quality is so good.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Bencik.
Jeffery Bencik - Kaufman Bros., L.P., Research Division: I have 4 questions around one issue. In terms of the -- Bruce, if you can address the plant closing in China. What gives you the confidence that it will reopen in January? That's the first question. And then second question is, how many of your plants have been checked in approved? So that's not an issue or a risk going forward. The third question is how many of your competitors have been shut down? And then finally, does that benefit you in terms of pricing and share gains?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. Let me take a shot at that. Steve, maybe can throw into it. So first of all, the actual specific reason our plant has been shut down is because we have an annual quota in terms of the amount of lead that we can process. And we have exceeded our quota. So that quota we expect will be renewed. We have no reason to believe it won't. And so as a result, we believe we'll be able to reopen our plant starting in January, albeit at a lower level of production than we were operating in the past. So that's kind of number one. And I guess I certainly wouldn't want to take away to be we are 100% confident because we're not. We're working with the authorities and that's our expectation but we're not 100% confident. Secondly...
Stephen A. Roell: I think maybe another way to add to it, Bruce, is that we're also developing contingency plans in case something happens where we can't. So that's really what we're focusing on right now.
R. Bruce McDonald: Right. Your second question is about how many of our other plants has sort of been checked and approved? Well we only have one other plant that's open, and it's a totally different animal. The existing plant that we have was a plant that we acquired when we bought Delphi's battery business. So it tends to be in an urban area because the cities of Shanghai's kind of grown up around it. Our plant that we have just finished construction on is in a much more rural setting. We have a much more bigger land buffer like our other plants. It's all our equipment brand-new and it's operating at a level that's consistent with the environmental standards that we operate here in North America, which are a fraction of the level of the current Chinese regulation. So we feel pretty good about our plant there. We do have -- I mean that plant is operating and we expect it to ramp up production here as we go through the year. In terms of the overall environment, there's been several hundred battery manufacturers that have been closed. I don't know, I haven't gotten a mix of how many of those -- because not just automotive battery manufacturers. And in terms of the pricing environment, we do think there is an opportunity to increase prices because right now, there is a shortage in the market.
Stephen A. Roell: In fact, we have announced -- I'm not going describe the magnitude but we announced significant price increases on the China market in recognition of the demand and supply issue and the cost of supply. I think I would just again reiterate the way we operate our plants, I'm going to be a little defensive on this point, the way we operate our plants in China are the same way we operate around the world, in terms of our emissions and blood lead -- what's called blood lead levels in our workers, we monitor that very closely. So we're confident that our operations are operating in a safe fashion. And we do believe that long-term that's going to give us tremendous advantage because as we put on more and more capacity, I think the way we operate and how efficient we are is going lead to -- we'll be able to have an advantage.
Operator: The next question comes from Himanshu Patel.
Himanshu Patel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Couple questions. First, just I wanted to go back to the Analyst Day. I think there was a chart on European auto margins for full-year 2012 being sort of in the high 4% range. And you're exiting last year at 3%. So can you just talk a little bit to the trajectory of how we kind of get to the kind of high 4% level for the full year because, I mean, it would sort of imply a 6% exit rate for this year. But is that lumpy or is it sort of linear?
R. Bruce McDonald: I don't have in front of me the quarterly cadence. I do know that you should expect a significant improvement quarter-over-quarter. We don't jump up to that 6% or upper 4% level here in Q1.
Stephen A. Roell: First of all, the acquisitions we told are accretive [ph]. They're going to be help a to us, that's number one. Number two, the fourth quarter is a quarter that's impacted by the shut down period in the automotive industry in Europe. Those 2 I can think of and then just the fact that as we look at the year and our ability to shed those inefficiencies that we had throughout the year in terms of our operations, those 3 are pretty big factors, Himanshu.
Himanshu Patel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Steve, I appreciate your comment on getting GWS to maybe a 2%, 3% margin business. I'm just wondering just more strategically, is there any room here to consider narrowing the focus of that business? I realize it's never really been a good consumer of capital, but it must be a pretty reasonable drag, use of management resources. I mean, it's 1/3 of the Building business. It seems like sometimes it's about half of the growth that the division puts out. I'm just wondering how are you thinking about this business over the next couple of years.
Stephen A. Roell: Couple things, Himanshu. The first thing is that need -- if you look at where the strength is in the markets that it serves, one of the obvious ones is it does a lot of work with the pharmaceutical industries. And what I'm trying to make sure is that we get to pull through from the rest of our operating units within control. That's the first thing. So we normally don't -- we don't see that and you don't see it in that business, but there is what's called a pull-through aspect that's important to us. Now having said that, I need to see more of it from our business, but I think pull through of our traditional business through the GWS contracts is critical, number one. Number two, there's probably some business that you can say we probably should just take on, on a management business. And what I mean by that, we typically take contracts as our customers ask us to take them based on a full scope, offering us what the RFPs came out with. But I'm wondering if we couldn't be a little more aggressive in terms of just getting a management fee. And while that would help margins, it would lower our growth rates. And that's why again we have to isolate the non-GWS business from the rest of the building. But I do think there's ways that we can leverage our procurement better than we are. We're putting in better information systems. I think there's a number of things that will give us operating efficiencies as we go forward.
Himanshu Patel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Do you guys have any metrics that you could share, just on sort of where has that pull through been? I don't know how to think about it, but maybe for every dollar of GWS sales and converts stacks cents [ph] of pull through and kind of where you may want to get that to.
Stephen A. Roell: We have the information, but I really don't want -- I'd be hard-pressed completely to talk...
Himanshu Patel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then I just wanted to clarify, Bruce, I'm sorry if I misheard this, was there a comment earlier, did you say you were looking to do some SG&A reductions in the Building business?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. That was the -- that's what the restructuring charges are mainly addressing. We're not re-footprinting or closing a plant -- it's SG&A reductions. They are really around...
Stephen A. Roell: Those were in the fourth quarter.
R. Bruce McDonald: That we took.
Himanshu Patel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. I noticed orders in the Building business were up 10% in Europe. I was a little bit surprised to see that. Is that just a easy comp issue or are you guys seeing some strength there?
R. Bruce McDonald: I mean, it's still not great. I mean, I'd say we've done a few things, launched new products for that market. To some extent, we do have some easier comps there. It's certainly not booming, but you know what, we'll take it.
Stephen A. Roell: It's a tough market yet. I would say that we've added some significant talent in that business in the last 12 months, and that I think is what's going to help drive our growth there.
Operator: The next question comes from Colin Langan.
Colin Langan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Actually following up on the SG&A item. I mean that $40 million, what makes it one-time in nature? Because a lot of times, you actually kind of keep those in consolidated numbers.
R. Bruce McDonald: Well we just call it out, just given the size of that, Colin. So I guess you could argue whether it should be in our output, but it's pulling forward stuff that we would've incurred over several quarters and we had some one-time, as Steve indicated, we had some one-time benefits, so we thought we'd go ahead and do it.
Stephen A. Roell: Colin, maybe to say it differently, these are things that are -- were our discussion. We didn't have to take these. We didn't have to take them in 2012. But we believe by initiating these actions, we actually get better cash flow in return for the future. But clearly within our discretion of timing and when.
Colin Langan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And what kind of actions are they, these are headcount reductions or consolidation of facilities or these are headcounts?
R. Bruce McDonald: There's a couple of branch closures here and there, some countries we're sort of scaling back. But largely, they're headcount-related reductions.
Stephen A. Roell: And therefore they have good near-term paybacks.
Colin Langan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. I noticed the equity income is quite strong this quarter. I mean is that a new run rate or is Q4, I think the last couple of years has been a stronger quarter for equity income? And how much of that help was Saft in the quarter? I guess that would've been a negative in the past. Is that now fully consolidated for the full quarter?
R. Bruce McDonald: In the quarter, Colin, we bought Saft out on the September 30 or 29. So we have the equity losses from Saft flowing through the whole quarter of this year and whole quarter of last year. So that wasn't a year-over-year delta. The improvements really driven by the Chinese, our Chinese joint ventures in automotive. And you're right. We do tend to have a very strong fourth quarter. So you'll see our equity income be higher than last year as we get into 2012. But it's not going to keep up at this current level. We can't take Q4 x4.
Colin Langan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: On China, I mean, a lot of people are worried about that market slowing. What is your view of your profitably there? I mean, is it kind of at peak levels at this point or is there risk if that market slows down?
Stephen A. Roell: Clearly, they would be. But I think at this point in time, we'd have to say that we're using the best information we have. I think the auto industry assumption now is, I think, Bruce's 8% for next year. And that's, I think, fairly realistic. When I go over there and meet with the OEs, I think they believe that their lull is 8%. And I guess I look at longer term and this is a market which in my mind is going to be a $30 million market, whether it's in 2018, 2019 and that's really what we have to invest for. So I'm not concerned about the next 6 months. I'm more concerned about making sure we're ready to take advantage of the growth in that market for the rest of the decade.
Glen Ponczak: Okay, Don. We need to cut it here at the top of the hour. So Steve, Bruce, thanks for participating this morning. Thanks, everybody, for calling in. Dave Urban and I will be available today and tomorrow and whenever if you need any follow up. Enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-07-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Ponczak - Director of IR R. McDonald - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Stephen Roell - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG H. Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Brian Johnson - Barclays Capital Christopher Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG Timothy Denoyer Himanshu Patel - JP Morgan Chase & Co John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch Theodore O'Neil - Wunderlich Securities Inc.
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you do have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today, Mr. Glen Ponczak. Sir, please go ahead.
Glen Ponczak: Well, thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2011 earnings conference call.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you of our forward-looking statements. Johnson Controls has made forward-looking statements in this presentation and documents pertaining to its financial results for fiscal 2011 and beyond that are based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates or forecasts. For those statements, the company cautions that numerous important factors, such as automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, customer or supplier disruptions, energy or commodity prices, the strength of the U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellation of or changes to commercial contracts, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of the company's most recent Form 10-K filing, which was filed November 23, 2010, could affect the company's actual results and could cause its actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by or on behalf of the company. Joining this morning is Steve Roell, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Steve will give an overview of the third quarter. After that, Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will give a more detailed review of the businesses and the financial review. And that will be followed with questions and answers concluding right at noon, Eastern Time.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Stephen Roell: Okay, well, thank you, Glen, and good morning, everyone. We're generally very pleased with our fiscal third quarter results. Our consolidated sales of $10.4 billion was a record for us, with each of our 3 business segments achieving sales growth in excess of 20%. I should note, this was the seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth for us and 6 of those have been in excess of 15%. If you exclude the impact of foreign exchange, our revenues were up 15%. But if you correct for the impact of the Japan disaster of almost $400 million, our growth rate was 22%.  In previous presentations, I've highlighted the fact that a large portion of our growth is organic and that's going to continue to be the case. This quarter, we achieved market share gains in the global aftermarket battery segment. We have significant [ph] higher sales from new awards in our European seating business, and we saw increased demand for energy efficiency and Global Workplace Solutions services. Once you adjust for the metal and fabrication acquisitions that we had, as well as the Korean battery transaction of late last fiscal 2010, our organic growth was 16% in the period.  Coming into the quarter, we were concerned that the production interruptions stemming from the Japan disaster would be more extensive and prolonged. The auto industry in general lacked visibility in the end of the entire supply chain as we discussed at that time. I believe that a combination of higher inventory, product substitution by the automakers and certainly, alternate sourcing helped mitigate the impact to some extent. But as you can see, it still had a major impact on our earnings. Now looking at the macroenvironment in the quarter, the underlying automotive production levels were certainly more stable than we initially thought that they would be and, obviously, I'm putting China on the side of that. Emerging markets remain strong, with China being the major market for us. But I will mention that the growth of the period was achieved despite several headwinds, and let me just comment on a few of those.  We talked about our battery shipments, and we had strong battery shipments in the quarter. Our aftermarket was up over 10%, and we saw 5% growth in North America, as an example. But in this market, as well as in Europe, we noted that there were significantly higher inventories coming into the period. I think we can tell you what happened. If you go back to the January/February timeframe, there was strong demand. And as a result of that, the distribution really ordered inventory that as a result, we believe, had them carry excessive inventories out of the March timeframe and into April. So April and May were characteristically lower, weaker than what we normally would have seen, and then we saw a recovery in June.  We can tell you that in July, we continue to see strong demand despite what would be cooler weather in Europe than normal and, of course, the hot heat that we're seeing here in the U.S. So demand has recovered but we thought we would highlight for you that there was a weak period of battery shipments that took place early in the last quarter.  There was eventually a significant [ph] market after we saw 2 consecutive quarters of good growth. Our first half of the year shipments were up almost 15%. Battery recovery was not sustained as we had expected, and the market was extremely weak in the quarter just ended.  And finally, it's difficult to remember given our current heat wave, but if you recall, the quarter started out very cool and that cooling season late start had impacted our technical services. So those are the headwinds. And despite that, we were able to achieve the 20%-plus top line growth.  In terms of the financial results, as I mentioned earlier, our sales were $10.4 billion, up from the $8.5 billion last year. Segment income increased 9% from $496 million to $541 million while net income increased 4%. Our EPS was $0.56 per share versus $0.54. This year's results that I'm referring to exclude the costs associated with our acquisitions, while the prior year results also exclude the onetime tax gain of roughly $51 million. On this slide, you'll also note the reference to $400 million of estimated revenue impact of the Japan disruption versus our original estimate of roughly $500 million.  On the next page, I'd like to just comment briefly about working capital levels at the end of June. The absolute working capital levels have been impacted by several things.  First is when you look at the absolute numbers on our balance sheet, it's hard to isolate what the impact has been from our recent acquisitions. You also have the seasonal pattern of higher working capital in our business at this time of the year. And then thirdly, we had a voluntary pension contribution of $175 million, which when you just look at working capital, also impacted our overall cash flow for the period.  Beyond that, there's been a deterioration in several underlying metrics. Our accounts receivable DSO has increased from 53 days to 55 days. Our inventory turns have declined, and we have one less day of accounts payable in our -- as we do our calculation accounts payable as a percent of our cost of sales. If you look at those 3 elements, there's roughly $450 million of higher working capital. And I'm confident that you'll see improvements by the end of September, partially due to the seasonal impact but also to the actions that we've initiated. In the quarter, we continue to invest for our future growth. We've projected our capital expenditures will approximate $1.4 billion in 2011. That's no different than what we provided guidance the last time, and our acquisitions will also be in that $1.4 billion level. The benefits associated with those investments will largely be realized in fiscal 2012.  Demand for AGM batteries for Start-Stop applications continues to be strong. I know that a number of you on the call had the opportunity to meet with our Power Solutions management last month. We enjoyed sharing with you the significant growth opportunities and the margin enhancement plans that we have for that business segment.  We also at the time announced the investment in AGM technology in our Toledo plant in North America. And at our board meeting next week, we'll be talking about reviewing our first investment in AGM technology in China. Beyond the capital and M&A, we continue to add sales force, project management and technicians to support our future growth in BE. I should note, you might be interested, we've added -- if you look at our workforce, since September, our workforce is up about 17,000 people. Half of that is through acquisitions, half of that is just supporting the growth in our business. So we've added 7,500 people globally since September, and I would -- x the acquisitions and about 5,000 of those are in the U.S. to support our growth. Now with that, I'm going to turn it over to Bruce, and he's going to provide you more information on the business segments, our outlook. And I'm sure he'll talk about the margins. So, Bruce, I'll turn to you.
R. McDonald: All right. On Slide 9. First, let me focus on Automotive Experience here, who had another very solid quarter against the backdrop of significantly lower volumes to our Japanese customers. If you look at the sales, up 21% on a constant currency basis, 15% increase. Sales gains were significantly better than the OE production levels, reflecting the launch of new business awards.  If you look at that on a regional basis, in North America, our sales were up 2% versus about a 1% increase in production levels. In Europe, if you sort of back out currency, our sales were up 24% versus a 3% increase in production levels. If you adjust for the acquisitions, the underlying bills increase was 8% or 9% versus that 3% production increase. Then Asia, our sales were up 21% on a constant currency basis. Our new business awards to the Japanese and in China and the Korean's more than offset the downturn that we saw in the production volumes within the Japanese market.  In terms of China, our business continues to perform very well there. You can see in the quarter, our sales were up about 20% and we're on track. And that, by the way, compares to a passenger increase of sales of up about 6% in the quarter. We feel pretty good about where we are in China. We will acknowledge there's been a little bit of softness in the market, but we're confident that we'll achieve the $4 billion target that we set for our business there this year. We're about just a shade below $3 billion through the first 9 months.  Turning to segment income. If we back out the $29 million of acquisition-related cost, our segment income was flat versus last year, $171 million. As the trend, as we've talked about in previous quarters, we'll continue to invest in innovation and growing our backlog and you sort of see that. As we noted here, our net engineering and product launch costs were about $41 million higher on a year-over-year basis. In terms of the margins. Probably the best way to look at the margins and backing out the acquisition-related cost and I've also tried to back out adjust for the impact of Japan. So if you sort of normalize for Japan here, here's kind of how our regional margins would've shaken out here.  So North America, in the quarter, our margins were about 6.2% on that basis, and that's up from 5.6% last year. In Asia, our margins were 11.9%, up from 5.7% last year, and I'd note that last year, our Asian margins were a little bit depressed by a charge that we took to relocate one of our regional headquarters. And then Europe, on that same basis, our margins in the quarter were 2.1% and that compares to 2.4% in the year-ago period. As we've talked about in the past, our containment costs and some of our problematic launches, cost associated with distressed suppliers and supply shortages, those are still with us. But we are starting to see those trend downward, and we expect to see a step improvement here in the fourth quarter. Not to say they're going to be gone but we're confident with the trend lines that we're seeing as we went through the third quarter here. Turning to Building Efficiency. Our sales at $3.9 billion or 21% higher or 16% higher on a constant currency basis. We saw pretty broad-based revenue strength across all segments. If you just look at some of the regional areas: North America, our sales were up 14% and our Global Workplace Solutions were up 33%; Asia, we're up 43%; China, within Asia, we're up 54%. We're on track to deliver about $1 billion in revenue China this year, and that compares to about $675 million last year, so it's tremendous growth in that market. Similarly, the Middle East, we're up about 55%. And if you look at our equipment business on a global basis, our global chiller shipments were up about 33% on a year-over-year basis.  Sort of looking at some of the activity in our markets, it's probably more relevant to look at the order activity as revenue kind of lags a little bit here. But geographically and if you look at our order activity in Asia, it's up 21%. Europe, we saw pop to the positive, it's up 23%. Although, if you back out exchange, it was still up double digit. North America, order activity was up 2%.  And North America really have kind of a tale of 2 businesses here. If you look at our systems business, our order activity was up about 7%, while we saw pretty strong demand in some of the institutional markets, particularly state and local government and the healthcare sector. On the downside, our service business, we saw orders down 2%, and they we're continuing to be negatively impacted by the cool weather in the start of the quarter here and just general lower discretionary project orders kind of across the board. So that's kind of the headwind that we've been talking to the last few quarters. And I think last quarter, we were up a little bit in service, but we're sort of bouncing along the bottom here. And we're hoping that we see that pick up a little bit here in the fourth quarter with hotter temperatures. In terms of our Solutions business. Our growth actually slowed to about 5%. That's really just the result of the deferral of some large orders that we think are going to slip into the fourth quarter. So on a year-over-year basis, we're still expecting our Solutions business to grow 20%-plus. It's just the timing of some large orders. Those larger orders are taking a little bit more lead time to sort of book into -- in the sales cycle turn into a solid order.  If you look at our segment income, $207 million, we're up about 9%. Our margins, by the way, excluding GWS, were 7.7% in the quarter. I know some folks have asked about that. That's what that number would be.  We saw a pretty strong profit growth in all geographic regions and across many of our lines of business as a result of higher volumes. The headwinds that we really faced here were in our residential business where we were impacted by pretty significant downturn in the industry. Maybe just to put that in perspective, if you look at our residential business through the first 6 months of the year, we were up about 14%. And that largely is -- we think that's significantly better than the industry. If you look at the third quarter, however our revenues in the residential business were down 15%. Now we tend to be more exposed to the new construction segment than some of our competitors but it was a pretty -- that the sort of uptick that we typically see in the residential business in the third quarter just did not happen, and we've got a pretty pessimistic outlook, I would say, for the residential business for the balance of this year. In the quarter, we've called out about $20 million of charges, net charges that we took and maybe just comment on those.  First of all, we received an indirect tax assessment, actually central sales tax assessment, in Brazil and we chose to be conservative and booked that in the quarter. We had a number of commercial settlements that relate to old contracts that we resolved. And those were partially offset by a reduction in our warranty reserves, which really reflect favorable trends in our claims data.  In terms of our old backlog, you can see we're up about 16%, $5.1 billion, which is largely consistent with where we were last year. And that's the fourth consecutive quarter of what we see in double-digit growth in our backlog in the business. Turning now to Power Solutions. Another very strong quarter for Power Solutions with our sales up 22%. Unit volumes were up about 9%. We're starting to see here the impact of higher lead prices. So if you just look at the units, first of all, aftermarket volumes, as Steve indicated earlier, up 10%, 'OE, up 8%.  If you look at lead in the quarter, you can see on the upper right in this chart, lead was up about 31% year-over-year, and that inflated our revenue in the quarter by almost $78 million. So if you look at the margin x lead, it's about a 60 basis point improvement. We're going to have to start adjusting our comparable numbers if lead sort of starts to be this volatile. In Asia, significantly stronger volumes in the quarter, up about 155%. That really reflects the acquisition of our Korean joint venture, as well as growth that we're seeing in China. And just as a reminder, in China, we're ramping up to manufacturing our second facility and we started construction of our third manufacturing facility, which will come online towards the end of next year. In Power Solutions, our investment in our key growth initiatives remain on track during the quarter. We did start to see some of the benefit of the second North American lead smelter coming in improve our margins. Our investment in the smelting in our South Carolina facility, our China expansion, the AGM investments that we've talked about earlier. Calls are all of sort of tracking as expected and those will start to really pay some dividends for us as we get into 2012. In terms of our segment income, you can see up about 21% versus -- at $163 million versus $135 million last year. Here we've benefited from higher volumes, a slight of mature mix of product, i.e. more AGM, the impact of the in-house lead recycling and some of our other investments. Now maybe I'll flip it as to the third quarter financial highlights here. And as I review the numbers, you can see, we've made a couple of adjustments here.  First of all, we're going to take out the acquisition-related charges of about $0.04 in this year and the $0.07 nonrecurring tax benefit that we had in 2010 to sort of make things comparable. So from my overall sales perspective, we are $10.4 billion, which is a 21% increase. If you back out the impact of foreign exchange, which is primarily the Euro, which was about 13% higher than last year, our underlying sales growth was 15%. And as we talked about in our business review there that pretty broad-based with all of our businesses are showing a midteens growth on our foreign exchange basis. In terms of our gross profit. You can see we're down about 70 basis points. Now here, this is where we really see the impact of the Japan volumes falling off, hurting us and some product mix issues, i.e. the residential and the service business being lower in Building Efficiency. And as we look into the fourth quarter, we do expect our margins to be up year-over-year, which is a trend we've seen through the other quarters this year, so we'll get on track here as we move into the fourth quarter. In terms of SG&A expenses, a 20 basis point reduction, down to 10.3% of sales. And again, we've talked about earlier, we're continuing to make our investment in some of those growth initiatives: innovation, emerging market infrastructure and some IT systems. In terms of the net financing charge, you can see it, $43 million, a little bit of an uptick. This is largely consistent with the guidance that we gave. We've talked about net financing cost being that $45 million to $50 million per quarter, generally benefiting from interest lower -- short-term interest rates, particularly our U.S. commercial paper, and that's kind of offsetting some of the higher debt levels associated with our elevated levels of working capital.  In terms of the tax line, we're at 19%, consistent with our guidance, and up about 1%, up versus the 18% last year. And maybe the last comment here would be the income attributable to noncontrolling interest of $23 million, a big increase from last year. There's where you really seeing the impact of the improved profitability of our consolidated automotive joint ventures.  Let me last focus on our 2011 outlook for here for the fourth quarter. So if you look at kind of where we see things shaken out, we expect our revenues here in the fourth quarter to be in the $10 billion to $10.5 billion range and earnings per share to be in that $0.75 area. I'd note that the $0.75 is now on a GAAP basis. So in the past couple of quarters, because the acquisitions were coming on stream, we've sort of backed away from what we thought would be acquisition-related costs. We now have much better visibility on those to about a $0.03 headwind as we go into the fourth quarters. So that's in the $0.75. As we look into 2012, those charges are going to be about $0.05 this year for the full year, $0.01 or so a the quarter, just to put that in perspective.  In terms of Japan, in terms of our last call, we talked about Japan being kind of neutral in the fourth quarter. We actually expect there's going to be about a $70 million negative impact associated with Japan. And for us, it's really around the Tundra and Tacoma production, which is in San Antonio, for Toyota. That facility still remains well below precrisis levels and was slightly impacted by some component shortages in telematics business. So those are kind of the area where we would be negatively impacted. In terms of -- if I just look at each of the business segments. I mean, Automotive, we expect to see the fourth quarter production line tick up a little bit. We're actually forecasting 2% year-over-year increase in production. We feel good about the 3 acquisitions, Michel Thierry, Hammerstein and Keiper, becoming increasingly accretive to our margins. And as I mentioned, earlier, we're confident that we'll see our European operational efficiencies begin to improve.  In terms of Building Efficiency, continuation of strong broad-based growth, and our margins we think will be comparable to year-ago levels. Our backlog continues to improve and we're forecasting double-digit increase in orders again for the fourth quarter here. Emerging markets continue to remain strong for us. And as I said earlier, we're forecasting a pretty downward outlook in terms of the residential outlook here for the balance of the year. With Power Solutions, we feel good about the uptick in the aftermarket. We think we bled through some of the inventory correction here in the third quarter, and we'll see a nice pop here in the fourth quarter. And as we get into the fourth quarter and into 2012, we'll start to see increasing benefits from our vertical integration investment and that China capacity coming on line. So I think if you sort of just step back and look at the sort of the key financial takeaways here, good double-digit growth in all 3 of our businesses; the Japan impact at this point 3 months ago, we still have some concern about things could maybe get worse. That's substantially behind us, and we expect to see the benefit of rebuilding some of the dealer inventories positively impact our business as in the beginning of 2012.  We're confident in terms of our European margin expansion. The momentum in Building Efficiency remains very robust, with orders growing at double-digit rates. We're increasing the level of our investment both organic and M&A. And that's going to accelerate our growth over the medium term. And we still have a strong balance sheet, which gives us the opportunity to continue to increase investments in areas that are going to deliver superior shareholder value. And then just the last point here, in terms of the green box, we do have our Annual Analyst Meeting in New York scheduled for October 12. That's going to be at the New York Times Center here, and we're hoping to see many of you there. So with that...
Stephen Roell: Just a comment to it, if you are meaning -- for those of you that haven't been to that session in the past, we'll have our presidents will be attending with us at that session. We do really give you time and each one of them gets the chance to start to object there, provide you with our outlook for their business units. So, sorry Bruce, with that, we'll turn over -- and for questions.
Glen Ponczak: Yes. And Melissa, before we do, just -- I would assume there's a fairly large number in the queue, like there always. [Operator Instructions]. Melissa, we'll take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from John Murphy.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just a question, I mean, in how you're tracking year-to-date versus your outlook. It looks like your revenue is coming in a little bit stronger than expected originally in your outlook and that margins are a little bit weaker. I'm just curious, you've explained a lot of puts and takes as to why the margin might be a little bit lighter. It makes a lot of sense here. But do you think you can get back to those ranges that you're originally looking for in all 3 of your segments early next year and you could get back on track on top of that sort of for these midterm targets that you'd laid out of small 50 basis point growth in Building Efficiency, in Auto and then 100 basis point growth in Power margins going forward? I'm just trying to understand is this sort of margin suppression going to get reversed and then we'll get back on track to that expansion that you outlined earlier?
R. McDonald: Well, let me just sort of at level say it, I think John, we've given sort of intermediate guidance for all 3 of our businesses. So if we talked about Power Solutions, our expectation is about 100 basis points year over the next, say, 4 years. We're not backing away from that at all. We're firmly committed to that. Lead, as you know, will impact us. So if lead goes higher and lower, it's going to change the absolute dollar of our profit. It could affect the reported margins. But underlying, we're committed there. In terms of Automotive, we've guided some margins be in that 6% to 7% range, and we've also talked about the fact that the recent acquisitions that we've made we expect will be accretive to that. So I think that on an intermediate basis, again, we're not backing away from the 6% to 7%. In the short term, the real driver here is our European performance. And as we look into the fourth quarter, our expectation is we'll see European margins at about 3% in the fourth quarter. And that compares to -- I think if you look at last year, we're sort of around the break-even levels. So you'll start to see with the Japan situation coming back online, with these acquisitions coming under our belt, you will start to see steady improvement there and progress towards our intermediate goal. In Building Efficiency, here, we talked about a 50 basis point improvement on an annual basis in terms of our margins and getting up to that 10%, excluding GWS. If you just look at this quarter, we're 77, excluding GWS. So we got about 200, say, 30, 250 basis points to go to get there. A key for us here is going to be -- and we've talked about this before is we've got to get a recovery in the residential market. That's one of our highest contribution businesses. And it's coming much, much softer than we had expected, and that's going to -- I mean, that's going to eventually reverse. Same thing on service. We've got -- our service margins tend to be very rich. And coming out of the downturn here, it's been a choppy environment. So no change to the long term. I think we had acknowledged with the residential and the service headwinds that we have this year, we're not going to see the margin improvement that we're forecasting for 2011 but we're not backing away from the longer-term objective.
Stephen Roell: Let me see if I can add something here, John, just from a broader standpoint. I want to go back in a little more detail first, and that's on GWS. On GWS, we probably had the effect of that mix as a dramatic impact if you just look at the Building Efficiency margins themselves. In the quarter, as an example, GWS revenues were up 33%. The big clients, I mean, it's Eli Lilly, it's Bristol-Myers, Verizon, Deutsche Bank, good names. But nevertheless, the margins and as we've talked about are normally -- are not what the norm is for the segment and that weights it down. Now in the broader sense, let me tell you what I'm trying to do here. In the past, our compensation for our executives has always been based on year-over-year earnings growth, and we want to continue that. But in 2012, I'm talking to our board about including a debenture that which would also drive ROS. And it would support what Bruce just described relative to the margin improvement goals that we have for the businesses long term. And so we would step those up and the compensation of the management team, including myself, would be tied to ROS expansion going forward. Second thing, if you recall, we have made announcement, we may have been very subtle, but we brought in Bill Jackson to our executive team. And Bill's sole purpose in life is to help us drive our margins. He's working with the business units, both on a short-term and long-term basis, short-term things like pricing strategies, looking at our business models and long-term in driving innovation. So Bill really becomes an accelerant with the team he'll be building to help come across and work with our business leaders to drive margins. So just a couple of subtle points that may not be obvious to the audience, okay?
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch: That's extremely helpful. Just one follow-up question on the interiors business in Europe. It sounds like you're pretty optimistic that you're moving in the right direction there. Is that because volumes are coming in a little bit better than expected? Or is there something else going on with pricing with your customers or is something specific with your restructuring? I'm just trying to understand why that's going so well. And it's a good thing it's going well, I just wanted to understand that.
R. McDonald: It's a reduction, John, in the launch and containment cost. I mean, we also are just working our way through. And they're not going to go away in the fourth quarter but they're on a glide path down, and that's really what drives it and the acquisitions. The acquisitions will be accretive to our margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from Himanshu Patel.
Himanshu Patel - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I just wanted to drill into the North American Auto business a little bit. I think, Bruce, you had mentioned that adjusted for Japan, the margins were 6.2%, I think, is what you said?
R. McDonald: Yes.
Himanshu Patel - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And it looks like the reported number was maybe somewhere around 3.5% or so. I guess the revenues in the North American Auto business were, at the end of the day, not as weak as maybe what a lot of us would have thought at the start of the quarter. So I'm just trying to understand like what drove the margin weakness on a reported basis? Was it just kind of friction cost related to abrupt production shutdowns or is there something else that is going on there as well?
R. McDonald: Well, it's actually kind of interest, Himanshu, if you look at the -- when we talk about the impact to Japan was $400 million. If you sort of look at a regional basis, about 15% was what hit us in -- 15% of the $400 million hit us in Japan, the country of Japan. And really, Nissan is the main impact there. And about 5% of that $400 million was Europe. 80% of it is North America. So the lion's share of the downturn that we experienced is North America. The other thing I would point out is we do have a number of nonconsolidated joint ventures that deal with the Japanese exclusively in North America, so we're losing the equity income there. But I think those are the 2 -- those are really 2 factors, Himanshu.
Himanshu Patel - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Oh I see. So the Tundra plant is on an equity basis, right?
R. McDonald: No, that one is actually consolidated but the other ones that are nonconsolidated.
Himanshu Patel - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I see. So okay, that make sense. And then, could you just refresh us, inside of your North American auto business, what's kind of the OEM mix? I used to remember sort of a roughly 50-50 split between domestics and transplants. Is that still the same?
R. McDonald: It's around -- it was actually lower than that, obviously. More in North American continent this quarter because of the Japan situation, but it's plus or minus 50%, 55% is the Detroit 3 and 45% to 50% is the not all transplants.
Himanshu Patel - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then on European autos, I think you said adjusted for the Japan issue and acquisition if you were kind of at a 2.1% margin. And I think in response to John's question, you had said 3% was sort of the kind of target for the fourth quarter.
R. McDonald: That's correct.
Himanshu Patel - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So I guess I'm just noticing you had a very nice 200 basis points sequential increase in that division's margins from the December quarter to the March quarter. And then, you've got maybe another 100 or so in the September quarter. But between the March and the June quarter, even on an adjusted basis, it looks like margins were kind of flattish. And I know there wasn't a whole lot of revenue growth but there was a little bit there. So can you just talk a little bit about the cadence or what's going on there on the issues that you've talked about that are JCI-specific, namely the distressed supplier cost, the launch cost, engineering cost was there? It just felt like the pace of improvement, even on an underlying basis, adjusting for Japan, kind of slowed down on the June quarter.
R. McDonald: Yes. I think -- well, first of all, if you look at containment costs, they were comparable, okay? So Q3 containment launch -- I think difficult launch containment cost to stress supply and those types of things were comparable quarter-to-quarter. So we really didn't see a big benefit Q3 versus Q2 there. The main issue that I would say sequentially hit us was our engineering and normal launch cost where like we talked about there $41 million higher year-over-year. I don't have those at the top of my fingers what they were by region quarter-over-quarter, but maybe Glen can follow up. But they did pick up in the quarter. And then, when we talk about Q4, Himanshu, when I say we're going to be at that sort of 3%, keep in mind I'm guiding with the acquisition-related amortization, some of the step-up things like that in the number, okay? So my 2.1% excludes those types of costing in Q4. You're going to see those in the numbers. That's going to get across the 3%.
Himanshu Patel - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So the 3% would be higher excluding the amortization cost?
R. McDonald: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Denoyer.
Timothy Denoyer: I'd like to ask a little bit more about the Power Solutions margins. I appreciate the commentary about the 80 basis point impact from higher lead. But can you give a little bit more color on several other factors that are impacting that margin in the quarter? You had a price increase, I believe, in April. Can you say if that was fully felt during the quarter? And can you give a little bit of dimension around the China and Mexico and AGM impact?
R. McDonald: Sure. We did increase our prices in the quarter, as you indicated. I think we announced those in April and they went into effect in May 1, I believe, in North America. But those were basically price increases to offset, I would say, non-lead commodity type inflations, so things like tin, some of the resins, acid, those other...
Stephen Roell: Transportation cost.
R. McDonald: Transportation cost. Those price increases kind of offset that. In terms of AGM, we really don't -- I'd say it's a slight benefit. The AGM production, really -- I mean, it's higher than last year but it's not really moving the needle a heck of the lot right now. The real step-up comes in '12 and '13, '13 really. The smelter investment in Mexico, that was online for the whole quarter, not quite at 100% ramp-up but pretty close. So we got the benefit from that in the margins.
Stephen Roell: The only thing I can add, Bruce, is that also when we saw the demand slowdown in the April May timeframe, we did get back to production. So we had some absorption from demand [ph].
Timothy Denoyer: Can you give a sense of how much of that might improved or beat the tailwinds going into the fiscal fourth quarter?
Stephen Roell: Well, I've indicated is that we saw the demand come back, Tim, so that shouldn't be an issue to us. We -- at this point in time, by the time we get in the September/October timeframe, in particular, we'll be at full board, just ramping up at the stocking period. But I was indicating earlier is we're seeing, I think, the inventory flow out at the distribution to the point where in June -- and certainly, in Europe, we're already starting to see a nice recovery. So I don't expect that to be an issue at all in the quarter.
Glen Ponczak: Let me just add one thing because I've got in the call a question a couple of times here, be careful looking at margin in Power Solutions sequentially. There's a lot of seasonality in that business. And so look at it year-on-year, that's a better way of looking at it.
Timothy Denoyer: Sure. And just a follow-up on the price increase question. With the May 1 price increases, that start hitting your revenue on May 1 or is there a transition that goes to the retailers?
Stephen Roell: There's a little bit of a lag but it's not much, Tim.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Johnson.
Brian Johnson - Barclays Capital: I would like to drill down and I know -- as much as you can give me, that's going to be in the Q around the profit margins by the business product line and service segments within Building Efficiency. You did mention that you had 7.7% x GWS. But can you tell [ph] where system service solutions came out? And then are you -- is unitary still going to be buried like it was last quarter within other? And even if it is, can you give a sense, is that a break-even now or what would be need to do to see to get margins up there?
R. McDonald: Well, we're -- I think because we have 10 segments, we're not -- we're only -- we got to focus our attention on the 3 pieces, so I can give you a little bit of color within that. I mean, generally speaking, I think if you looked at the segment detail within Building Efficiency, what you're going to see is kind of what we described. Our North American Systems business performed quite well. Our Asian business performed quite well. The GWS was kind of in line with last year, and our Service business in North America was down from a margin or I'd say it didn't live up to expectation, actually had a light uptick, I think, possibly year-over-year, but negatively impacted by the softness. In terms of the residential business volume, it is within the other. We will, in our 10K -- Q, sorry, talk about residential in what was happened there, but it's profitable. It's not losing money. We've restructured that business so that it's profitable. It's just kind fortunately because it's like a double -- it's like a 10% return on sales business going into the quarter. Contribution margins hurt when the revenue drops like it did, 15%.
Stephen Roell: Let me see if I can add anything. I'm not sure I'm going to help you with the segments, but let me say what I think is key. If I look at the fourth quarter, there is a couple of key things that have to happen. One is that service that Bruce referred to in terms of the truck-based service is critical to us, and the heating season should help us but that's high-margin business for us. So it's growth is going to have an impact on the margin. Second, Solutions. Solutions is another very important element to us, and I think the trip will be fine. The key thing is the booking. I've looked at the bookings, and Bruce talked about the fact that there was a lull this past quarter. But as I look at the specific jobs in the pipeline, we have a very, very strong booking period from Solutions in the fourth quarter. Unfortunately, when that's recorded in the fourth quarter and when we can begin to bill against that, that's going to be critical. That's another variable that we're monitoring, okay? As I look forward into 2012, the major elements in terms of margin expansion within Building Efficiency are tied to a couple of things. We have heavy investments planned for IT, innovation and our sales force expansion. We're going to have to look at those and gauge which ones are critical and which ones we can potentially spread longer to get some expansion as we look in '12. That's what we're be working on between now and when we meet with you in October. But I think near term, it's service and the Solutions business that are doing the revenue part of that in the quarter, again there are 2 bigger variables. Residential won't be a big factor for us, as Bruce mentioned.
Brian Johnson - Barclays Capital: So you don't have a big upturn in housing starts in order to turn around that business?
Stephen Roell: No, not at all.
Brian Johnson - Barclays Capital: And strategically, any progress in building distribution and the unitary products business. And then there's about my air conditioner replacement, which is a Carrier because of your lack of distribution?
Stephen Roell: There's some but not nearly. We probably have more momentum in the early half of the year than we have recently. It's an area that we focus. We had a lot of success with that distribution, taking distribution market share in the first half. Brian, I'm not sure what I can tell you that it will continue in the third quarter but that's an area of focus for us.
Brian Johnson - Barclays Capital: And then finally, I guess this is more to getting ahead to October. But you talk about the business, overall, a 10% percent goal but Global WorkPlace Solutions, given the pace of revenue, I guess, there are questions about whether that margin goal is realistic in light of that. And then, for those who are thinking to ask the question, I guess realization that, that may not matter. So you're thinking about maybe giving more, breaking out your guidance, for example, between the Global Workplace Solutions and other parts of that business?
Stephen Roell: We can try to do that for you. Let me think about that, Brian. We can provide that. But remember, our goal of 10% was without GWS.
Stephen Roell: Yes, and we only stated that it was 10% with GWS because we couldn't factor that in.
Brian Johnson - Barclays Capital: Right, which then makes it hard for us to track when the numbers come out...
Stephen Roell: I guess the best way you could use is Bruce used the number of 7.7% in the quarter. Say it's in the 7.5% range, that's what we're trying to drive and stair step and guide quite up to 10.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ceraso.
Christopher Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG: So even in the -- if we adjust for lead, it looked like margins in the battery business were still a little bit light. Are you still incurring costs for the expansion in China and for the smelting?
R. McDonald: Oh, yes, yes, and for the AGM investment. So it's still -- there's still investment costs running through our numbers. But like we sort of said at the beginning, if you look at the -- or in the last question about the factory absorption in battery, I'd say, and this is just the fact that we produced less units than we sold. I would put the impact of that at like $15 million or $20 million in the quarter. So that's like a onetime hit that we take an absorption that won't kind of reoccur as our production schedules ramp up here in the fourth quarter.
Christopher Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG: On the Japan impact, you give us the number x Japan. I haven't had a chance to do the math. But can you maybe equate the $400 million of revenue impact? What was the appropriate operating profit impact? And then, will it be the same kind of ratio in Q4, if it's in $70 million revenue, what's the EBIT impact related to that?
R. McDonald: Yes, we -- well, I think when we -- the best way to sort of look at it without getting in total nitty gritty is we talked about the impact was going to be $500 million and the EPS impact of like $0.16 to $0.18. And now we're saying the revenue $0.16 to $0.18 now we're saying the revenue with $400 million, so you can take 80% of what we said before, Chris. In terms of the fourth quarter, in our outlook slide, I said it's about $0.02 a share on that $70 million, both for the contribution margins, both 20%. So it's lower contribution margin in Q4 as opposed to Q1 -- sorry Q3, and that's really because it's 1 or 2 plants that are affected, not the 50 that we had in this current quarter and we're better able to respond in terms of our labor strategies.
Stephen Roell: It's also probably a little less automatic, Bruce, than what it was before.
Christopher Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG: And you mentioned that the DSOs and your inventory turns deteriorated, but I didn't catch why. What was going on there?
R. McDonald: Well, the DSO is really a business mix. So it's not we've got a credit like overdues or anything like that are improving -- or deteriorating. It's really just the mix of business. Some of our business have lower DSOs than other. And it's -- some unbuild things like -- as we worked through some of our launch issues in Europe, we have tooling receivable balances that hasn't been paid because we haven't finalized their sign-ups [ph], things like that. We have some unbilled issues in Building Efficiency in some of our larger contracts that have come online just sort of streamlining those. So that's where we see some the benefits, we see some of the actions that we're implementing turn that around. In terms of inventory, its -- I'd say the one area thats a focus for us is on -- is in power solutions. We probably got $100 million savings, $2 million, $2.5 million units of finished goods inventory, more than we ought to have right now. We'll bleed that out here in the fourth quarter.
Stephen Roell: I guess, another thing is that -- and a lot of our growth is international, and we're shipping some of our larger equipment into the Middle East and China. And unfortunately, the in-transit, it just -- it builds up on our books that way. When we looked at the times, there's things we can do, though I don't want to -- it's not all a function of the fact that it's a business. But there's some things we can improve on our performance. I'm sure we can get there. Payables will have a seasonal impact, so will receivables. And so we'll get cash flow based on that as we do every year in the fourth quarter. But there are some things we need to do. And as Bruce mentioned in our inventory area within Power Solutions and also, within our inventory even within our Automotive groups. So those are the 2 focus points.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Nesvold.
H. Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Two quick ones on Building Efficiency. First, it looks like in terms of the backlog, usually seasonally the backlog is down in fiscal fourth quarter. I think based on the comments you've made on the call so far, it seems like you have high conviction the backlog will be up sequentially third quarter to fourth quarter based on what you're seeing in terms of the pipeline, but I wanted to just confirm that.
Stephen Roell: Yes, Peter, that's -- I've got to be careful here because -- also, if you look at the fourth quarter, so-so seasonally high revenue period for us, okay? So when I talked about the fact that I'm confident that we're going to be booking strongly in terms of our Solutions business, we're also be revenue-ing, okay? I'd be very happy if we continue to revenue at 20% and backlog grows at 15%, I'll be very pleased, but that's just -- I just don't want to mislead you there, okay? Looking at our very strong backlogs, I don't think we ever expected any time in our planning to be -- have our backlogs be as high as they have gone. Certainly, last quarter, I think they were in the 16%, what, 17% range? So we had early success. At the same time, if you think about this last quarter and people have said, "Well, at least you didn't get any sequential increase." Well, our revenue was up 21%. And so I guess what I'm telling you hit bottom line is we're going to have a strong booking period. We're going to have a strong revenue period. And so I'd expect backlog to be up again from last year, but they're not going to sequentially continue to grow 20%, 25%.
H. Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then my follow-up question is on pricing and residential HVAC market. And we take it that the market is weak right now. I guess from what I'm seeing, it looks like Carrier had increased pricing kind of in the 2% to 6% range in residential during February. And now it's gone out with another 6%-type price increase. Are you seeing anything comparable to that? I mean how would you describe the pricing environment given where our demand is right now?
R. McDonald: We've had 2 price increases this year as well, Peter. Glen, do you know what the dates -- well, one was very early, [indiscernible]. And one I think was in April.
Stephen Roell: But I'm not -- to the extent that -- I've not heard any further discussion on further price increases where we are. Industry, Peter, to be honest, the industry's very, very disciplined. It always has and seems to tracked where industry moves pricing-wise across the board, all competitors seem to follow.
R. McDonald: Because we've all got the same issue with copper.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Leiker.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I just want to clarify one number here first. The DEX GWS you said was 7.7%. Bruce, what was the comp for last year? Do you happen to have that?
Stephen Roell: 7.6%.
R. McDonald: Right.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay. And then on the Building Efficiency, Steve, and going to return on sales versus return on cap versus other metric. My understanding is in that GWS business, while it's diluted the margin, is accretive to return on capital. Does it make more sense to look at return on capital for that cap metric as opposed to the optical number for return on sales?
Stephen Roell: Well, on GWS, I have to look at return on capital. But for the rest of the business, ROS is a good metric. David, I also have an ROA, which is what business units look at. That's also a component of the calculation as well. So we haven't given up the ROA, and that would be the same as your ROIC, okay?
R. McDonald: The other thing I would just remind folks when we talk -- look at GWS is what you don't see in that segment is the systems and the service work that we get from the Global Workplace Solutions customers. That is a $50 million to $75 million annual contribution into our systems and services business that it just doesn't get bookkeep-ed in the GWS segment. So when we look at the business internally, we are all very conscious of that pull-through.
Stephen Roell: But, David, your overall questions are very good and that is that the GWS is not a capital-intensive business. And therefore, we monitor that based on its pull-through, as Bruce just mentioned.
R. McDonald: And it's growth.
Stephen Roell: And the rest of the business was the right thing. I think we need to focus on that and we believe there's opportunities there to improve it. If you look at some of the value we provide to our customers in terms of outcome metrics, typically around Solutions, the question is whether not we're getting paid, whether we're booking it properly, pricing it properly. That's the work that Dave Myers and Bill Jackson are working with their teams. That's really where we think there are opportunities.
David Leiker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then secondly, as we look at China, in a market that's growing 5% or 6%, you're driving 20% revenue growth. How sustainable is that level of performance relative to the market as we look over in the next couple of years?
Stephen Roell: Well, we've looked at -- we've taken a preliminary look at 2012, and we feel good about the China outlook based on our bookings. So we feel good about our ability to drive really strong double-digit growth out of that market in 2012. We're studying beyond that. But remember, when we talked about our new business awards, China is a critical component of that and it continues to be. So I think we've got a good view of what we believe our market share is going to be in the next 3 years. And, we'll try to give you more color on that on October, okay?
Operator: Our next question comes from Rod Lache.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG: Did you happen to mention how much of this working capital you expect to reverse by year end? Because you had given some full year cash flow objectives previously. And also, I was hoping you can just clarify, these acquisition charges that you're calling out for Q4, the $0.03, is that acquisition accounting or is that some integration-related costs?
R. McDonald: It's both, Rod. It's like the ongoing -- like the step-up in some of the amortization and depreciation. And then there's some nonqualifying type cost like cost to integrate IT systems and things like that, but it has to go through to your P&L. And that's what we said, those -- we talked about $0.03 here, fourth quarter, that will kind of break the back on it. Next year, if you look at sort of the ongoing impact, it'll be some of that will carry forward. So it's going to be about $0.05 for us in 2012.
Stephen Roell: On the working capital, we didn't quantify it, Rod. Right now, our use of cash working capital is about $990-some million year-to-date.
R. McDonald: Inclusive of pension.
Stephen Roell: Inclusive of the pension, and we're trying to claw back $600 million of that in the fourth quarter.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And my last one is just the Building Efficiency business. Was the 7.7% margin x GWS excluding the charge, which would imply you're getting like just under 10% incremental?
R. McDonald: No, no. If I exclude it, the internal for $20 million, Rod?
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG: Yes.
R. McDonald: No, that would -- the 7.7% would go up to I think 8% to about 50 basis points delta there.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG: So your incremental margins x GWS have improved to the teens in other words?
R. McDonald: To the teens. I'm not sure I follow you there.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG: Just, excluding GWS, I can't do the math in my head, but when I included it in there, it looked like a 9.9% incremental margin, excluding that it must be quite a bit better.
R. McDonald: [indiscernible] year-over-year. Yes, you're right.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG: But you've been commenting on a pretty significant amount of fixed cost investment that's coming in here from additional headcount and you also alluded to maybe spreading that out next year.
Stephen Roell: Well, what I alluded to is I think we can do some things on the IT piece, okay? But I think we'll get our growth again. We'll give it some -- we'll get some benefit next year from purely the leverage of that growth against that SG&A investment too. That's the thing that we're working on right now, Rod, okay?
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. So can you just tell us roughly what you're thinking in terms of just the fixed cost increases that you're planning in that business, what sort of a pace that you're looking at IT and additional sales force?
Stephen Roell: Well, I think Rod, to be honest, at this point, I may have those numbers for my Building Efficiency Group, but we've not reviewed the budgets. We don't review BE until next week. So it would be premature.
Operator: Our final question comes from Theodore O'Neill.
Theodore O'Neil - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: I'm just wondering if you could give us some additional color on the aftermarket success in the battery business, and whether or not you're seeing any channel shifting from say to more Wal-Mart, Costco, Interstate versus other sellers?
Stephen Roell: It's difficult. We serve all those, okay. And I would tell you that the growth that we've seen has been pretty broad-based. So I don't see it -- I don't, at this stage, see a lot of channel shift between the retail channel, the special channels, et cetera. I don't see it yet. Our growth was pretty broad-based. So as I look across our aftermarket groups, I mean part of those Wal-Mart, in fact, we're serving more Wal-Mart locations. But I mean if I look at the group of customers you just mentioned, Theodore, we're getting good growth from all of those. So I'm not seeing a lot of share shift at this stage.  Okay, listen, we're going to wrap up. We're going to be around for questions and we'll certainly be there to help. Thank you very much for your interest and your questions. They were very good. We're optimistic about not only our outlook for the fourth quarter, but as we put together our plans for 2012 and we see some exciting things there, you should expect that from us, because of the acquisitions and the capital investments that were made this year, we've tried to guide all year that we expect 2012 to be a significant improvement in our earnings. We understand the pressure on margins, and we understand the fact that we need to go after those. That's why I've brought some additional resources in and that's why we're moving our compensation to focus on that point. So we got that message and we understand that and that's where our focus will be. We won't give up our focus on growth. That's an important part of our culture. That's who we are and that's what we do. So again, thank you very much for your attention and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you very much for participating in today's conference call. At this time, all parties may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-01-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Glen Ponczak. You may begin.
Glen Ponczak: Thank you, Kathy, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Before we begin this morning, I want to remind you of our forward-looking statements. Johnson Controls will make forward-looking statements in today's call pertaining to its financial results for fiscal 2011 and beyond that are based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates or forecasts. For those statements, the company cautions that numerous important factors, such as automotive vehicle production levels, mixes and schedules, energy and commodity prices, the strength of U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellations of or changes to commercial contracts, changes in the levels or timing of investments in commercial buildings, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of the company's most recent Form 10-K filing, which was filed November 24, 2009, could affect the company's actual results and could cause its actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by, or on behalf of, the company. I'm joined this morning by Steve Roell, who is our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Steve will provide an overview of the first quarter. That will be followed by a review of the business segments and the financial results by Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. After those presentations, we'll take some questions and answers and conclude at noon, Eastern Time. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Stephen Roell: Okay, well, thank you, Glen. Good morning. I'd like to start with three general comments. The first is the fact that we're just very pleased with the financial results in the quarter. The headline in our press release this morning highlights the fact that the sales earnings were at record levels. I think it's important to note that in the first quarter last year, we were already moving beyond the recovery phase. If you look back, last year's results were at a record level. So now I think that provides some additional context in terms of the double-digit increases that were achieved by all three businesses and the momentum that we have. In the past, I've talked about the value of our diversification in the context of business mix, geography and customer base. Clearly, we continue to benefit again from that diversification. Our global presence and capabilities and the diversity of the markets that we serve, particularly MDE, will continue to be a major factor of our success throughout the year. Finally, as we look across our businesses, we see increasing demand in the form of higher build schedules, double-digit growth in new business orders and backlogs, as well as the demand for new technology. I'm even more confident the decision that we discussed with you at our fall analyst conference to invest aggressively in our growth initiatives for 2012 and beyond is the right decision. So I feel good about where we are. Sometimes, at this stage of the year, there's a lull. But I would tell you that this is probably the first time in a long time, even going back in when we had a more robust economy, that coming out of the first quarter, we feel as good as we do. I now want to shift to the PowerPoint slides. And I'll walk you through a couple of slides with you, and then Bruce will go through the business in more detail. First of all, sales of $9.5 billion were up 13% from Q1 of last year. I should note that if we were to adjust for foreign exchange, that 13% would be 15% up year-over-year. We saw a good double-digit growth across all three businesses, with Automotive Experience up 12%, Building Efficiency up 13%, Power Solution up 21%. Our segment income was up 31% from $406 million to $533 million. Highlighting that also is the fact that Automotive Experience had a 100 basis point improvement on margins, and BE had a 70 basis point improvement. Our net income of $375 million compares to $288 million last year. It's up 30% when we exclude the non-reoccurring tax benefit that was in last year's quarter. So the headlines that you're seeing out there, I know you're sophisticated enough to know that our earnings were up 7% on a GAAP basis, but the true momentum in our business from the standpoint of our net income was 30%. And that resulted in our EPS growth from $0.43 a share last year to $0.55 on a diluted share basis this year. In terms of momentum, solid growth in Building Efficiency backlog and orders. We highlighted that in our press release, and I think it clearly is evidence of continued market share gains. Our backlog was up 13% at the end of Q1. I think Bruce is going to go through and talk to you more about how that plays out by region. But we saw good growth across our businesses.  The strong order month, after a very strong fourth quarter last year, we're up 17% again in Q1. We wanted to highlight the fact that our chiller shipments were up double digits. We can tell you that in North America -- for North American customers, I should say, was up 20%. In Asia, our demand for chillers, both small and large capacity chillers, was up 53%. So a good demand in our business, and we continue to see that momentum that began in the middle of last year. In terms of our Power Solutions business, accelerating production in both our SLI and AGM batteries. Wal-Mart, as you recall, we were awarded 5.3 million incremental units last year, about 25% of those launched in the quarter ended June, and the rest of them launched in the quarter just ended. As Bruce will go through with you, I think the interesting part about our Power Solutions business was the growth that we saw across all our aftermarket businesses, both in Europe and in North America, as well as the OE increased volume.  We've talked to you in the past about the fact that we are increasing our AGM capacity to meet the demand we see in Europe. We'll talk to you more about that as the year plays out. But clearly, we began to put some of that capacity in place. And finally, across all three businesses, we continue to benefit from the strength and the position we have in Asia, and of course, particularly in China. In terms of 2011, as the press release indicated, we're providing you today with an increased or revised projection for fiscal 2011 in terms of our revenue projection and EPS. It's driven by -- the revenue sales is driven by our automotive acquisitions, higher automotive production levels, and finally, higher unit volumes in our Power Solutions business. We continue to invest to support the growth opportunities. We've made that point in our fall management meeting. We're adding to our Building Efficiency sales force, engineering and service capabilities. We continue to invest in technology and innovation across all three of our businesses. We're investing probably more than we have in the past in terms of emerging market infrastructure. And as an example, I can tell you right now that as we look at China, it's clear to us that China, in the decade, and the question is not if, but when, will probably represent a 30 million unit production market for the industry. And so we're just looking at what we need to do to be in a position to support that business. And then, as you can see, we increased our capital expenditure projection. Bruce will talk more about that, largely tied to Power Solutions. And some of the investments that we believe are required to support the growth opportunities there. We did announce several acquisitions. We're going to give you a little bit more guidance, which we provided in the press release. Clearly, one was Michel Thierry. We completed that in the first quarter. And then Hammerstein and Keiper, we've announced, and Bruce will go through and give you the timing of that. I'd just like to reiterate why we did those. If you go back to Dave's presentation at the Analyst Meeting, he highlighted the need to improve and increase our technical capabilities and components. And clearly, these are world-class companies with engineering and operations and quality standards that certainly will add to our future business. We also recognize the fact that there are certain OEs who are sourcing components as opposed to complete seats, and this gives us the opportunity to provide value in both of those sourcing alternatives, if that's the case. But the key thing is the fact that both these companies that we've described, Hammerstein and Keiper, are world-class companies with tremendous mental capability. So with that, I'm going turn it over to Bruce, who will cover each of the businesses. Bruce?
R. McDonald: Okay, thanks, Steve. Let me start on Slide 7 on Automotive Experience. So we look at our auto business. We've delivered another very good quarter with solid results in all geographic regions. Just focusing on sales, you can see our sales were up 12% in Automotive or 14% on a constant currency basis. What we really look for is -- to put our sales performance in perspective is how we do versus our production schedule, and that really demonstrates how we're taking share. So in North America, our sales were up 9% versus a production increase of 7%. In Europe, if we exclude currency, we were up 13% versus an estimated increase in production of about 7% as well. And in Asia, you can see very strong revenue performance, up 49%, reflecting a number of new vehicle launches, predominantly in Korea and Japan. And in China, our business, as you know, is mainly nonconsolidated, but you can see here the sales up 37% to just a shade over $1 billion. And that 37% compares to an increase in passenger car sales of about 25%. So again, good performance in that region. Just a recap on our business in China. I think we touched on in our press release, but we now have 24 joint ventures with 47 manufacturing facilities and a 45% market share in that critical market. The top line, the Chinese performance really benefits our equity earnings. I'll touch on that when I go through the financial statements. But we do expect to see significantly higher equity income flowing through for the balance of 2011 here. Just turning to segment income. You can see at $177 million we're up 46% versus last year. And we're pleased with the profit conversion rate that we're seeing on incremental volumes. Here, we're really seeing the benefit of both our restructuring initiatives, but also better manufacturing capacity utilization. Partially offsetting this were higher net engineering costs in the quarter. So our engineering expenses were up about $20 million year-on-year, primarily in Europe. So when we look at our European results, it's sort of being penalized with a exceptionally high level of engineering costs, which is largely timing-related. In our European business, you can see -- if you sort of look at the margins, geographically, North America, 6.7%. That's up 130 basis points year-over-year. Asia at 10.4% is up over 400 basis points versus the prior year. And Automotive Europe at breakeven is down about 50 basis points or about $11 million. In Europe, we are continuing to experience some inefficiencies associated with problematic launches, distressed suppliers and supply shortages, particularly in electronics area. But we remain confident that these issues are going to start to trend lower through the balance of the fiscal year here. Looking at the production forecasts that we have for the balance of the year. And I remind people that these are fiscal year. So the 12.5 million, uplifting North America about 12.5 million units, which is right on top of CSM. And in Europe, we increased our outlook for production from about 17.6 million units to 18.3 million. Flipping to Building Efficiency here. Sales were up 13% to $3.4 billion. We saw good revenue strength in all of our segments. In North America, revenues -- and that's a combination of both systems and service, revenues were up 8%. And Global Workplace Solutions, up 21%. And very strong growth in Asia, particularly in the China market, where we're up 31% in aggregate. We continue to see very strong order activity. As Steve indicated earlier, we're up 17% a the quarter. Maybe just to give you a bit of color in terms of the geographic split of that, and I'll strip out currency here. But the Middle East sort of led the way with our orders were up 128%. We're up 56% in Latin America, 18% in Asia, 10% in Europe and 7% in North America. If you take North America and split that between systems and service, systems was up double digit, our service business is up about 5%. So that's been the one area that's been the flattest. We are pleased to see that we are at least starting to see growth in our service business in North America. In North America, we continue to see good growth in the energy solutions line of business. And the institutional markets remain fairly robust. The market that was particularly strong in the quarter for us was actually the government sector. Looking at segment income. At $139 million we're up 34% versus last year. Here, we saw strong profit growth in most geographic regions and across all of our lines of business. On a year-over-year basis, Steve indicated our segment margins were up 70 basis points to 4.1%, despite the investments that we're making here in our sales force, product development and the emerging market infrastructure. If you look over on the right-hand part of the chart, our backlog, you can see we had a record backlog. It's never been this high before. So at $4.9 billion, it was up 13% on a year-over-year basis. That number, if you take out currency, it's about the same, 13%, so that's a good number. This is the second consecutive quarter that our backlog has been up over at a double-digit rate. And it really demonstrates the momentum that we have in our business. If you look at our sort of pipeline data, we expect to see our backlog be at a double-digit level as we trend through the year here. Just one comment on the bottom of the slide here. We are going to be making some changes to our segments within Building Efficiency for SEC reporting purposes. So when you see our 10-Q and future filings, we're actually going from having six segments in Building Efficiency to five. So here, what we'll be doing is pulling out Asia and showing that as a separate segment. And that really just reflects the fact that, that business is becoming a larger and larger piece of the pie. And we'll be putting Europe and UPG into other, where Asia was previously. And as appropriate, when we talk about our financial results, we will call out our North American residential business and other geographic territories when it's appropriate. In terms of Power Solutions, our business had a very strong quarter. Sales were up 21% to $1.6 billion, and you can see from a volume perspective, up about 19%. I would note that the quarter, we benefited from the Delkor acquisition. If you were to strip that out, our volumes were still up a very robust 13%. You can see here on the aftermarket side, volumes up 20%. In the quarter, we do have the full kind of run rate of the incremental volumes associated with the Wal-Mart win that we've talked about on previous calls. In terms of OE, the volume's up 17%, reflecting the higher global automotive production levels, but also market share gains through the year. In Asia, our volumes continue to grow, up 168%. That has Delkor in it, and also reflects the strong growth that we have in China. In China, we have opened our second manufacturing -- or we will be opening our second manufacturing facility here in February. So that's going to ramp up throughout the course of the year. Just to remind the audience, that facility is going to have a capacity of 8 million units. That's kind of the run rate that we'll be at by the end of 2011. And next month, we'll be starting the construction of our third manufacturing plant, which will be in Western China. In terms of the segment income, at $217 million, up 20% versus last year. Here, we're really just benefiting from a combination of higher unit volumes, a slightly richer product mix, and we're just starting to see the beneficial impact of the lead recycling center that we ramped, with the ramping up here in Mexico. So that came online in the quarter. It's still obviously well below its mature level. It's about one or two quarters away from getting to the full run rate benefit of that facility. So maybe now flip over to the financial highlights here. So with all of our businesses growing at double-digit rates here, our sales were up 13%, or 15% if you exclude foreign exchange, as Steve indicated earlier. The increase, obviously driven by the higher volumes in all three of our businesses, share gains in the aftermarket side and Power Solutions, and then Building Efficiency, as I talked about earlier, just the momentum that we're seeing in that business with the return to double-digit growth. In terms of gross profit, you can see we've picked  up about 10 basis points compared to last year, so good success there. That increase reflects really the benefit of some of our manufacturing initiatives and better capacity utilization. In terms of SG&A, despite the fact that we are making a lot of investments in the areas Steve covered earlier, you can see our SG&A as a percentage of sales declined by about 60 basis points to 9.9%. The key areas for us here is really ramping up our expenditure on innovation activities, emerging market infrastructure and some of the capacity initiatives that I'll talk about later in Power Solutions. Equity income, up to $66 million, so a 25% increase there over the year. So start to see the benefits of the volume in China and our automotive joint ventures. And in addition there, we do also have some joint ventures in our Power Solutions in some regions of the world. They continue to perform very well for us. Just looking at our segment income. We're really pleased to see our segment, if you just look at segment income as a percentage of sales, an 80 basis point improvement from 4.8% to 5.6%. So flipping over to Slide 12. In terms of net financing charges, $35 million in the quarter, which were comparable to year-ago levels. Both periods actually benefited from net foreign exchange gains. And as we sort of take into the remainder of the year here, we expect net financing costs on a quarterly run rate basis to sort of approximate $45 million to $50 million. That really starts to reflect the interest expense that we're going to see with the automotive acquisitions, as those close here in the second and third quarters. In terms of our tax rate, it was a clean quarter. We had 19% effective tax rate, which is consistent with our guidance. And if you strip out the one-time benefits versus last year, our underlying rate was 18%. So just exactly in line with our guidance for the year. Our tax rate is marginally higher, one percentage point. Income attributable to noncontrolling joint ventures, or what was formerly called minority interest, there's a charge of $28 million versus $16 million last year. That's a higher expense because of the improved profitability in our Automotive and Power Solutions consolidated joint ventures. And then lastly, earnings per share, $0.55 or 28% higher than the previous year. Just flipping over to Page 13, I'd just like to take a minute and really talk to the financial implications of the two automotive metals and mechanisms, the acquisitions that we've announced earlier. These acquisitions are especially strategically significant for us, as Steve laid out, in that when you take these two businesses combined with our existing metals and mechanisms operations, position Johnson Controls as the leading global supplier in this critical component area. Both the businesses, Hammerstein and Keiper/Recaro, are predominantly European. They do have a presence in Asia and North America, but the bulk of their business is European-based. And our plan, these aren't cost synergy stories. These are growth stories. And so we plan, very shortly after closing, to really ramp up our investment in these businesses to both cross-sell our product lines to complementary customer base. Both these customers, these businesses have a very good position, some customers that we're underrepresented in. But importantly for us as well is really aggressively growing these two businesses in North America and Asia in particular. With regards to the timing of transactions, we have received EU approval on Hammerstein, and we anticipate closing on that acquisition here at the end of January or early February. For Keiper/Recaro, we're really just in the very early stages of our discussions with the regulatory agencies, and our expectation is that, that transaction will close in mid-Q3. So if you take those timings, then the impact for us this year is approximately $700 million in revenue, and we expect these to be neutral to earnings per share. So there is going to be some operating income associated with these businesses that'll be offset by our ramping up our investment in product development and the geographic expansion that I talked about, and also the interest expense associated with these acquisitions. In terms of the purchase price, about $950 million. And that will obviously be spread here between Q2 and Q3. That assumes a Euro rate of $1.35. For 2012, now we'll start to see the full year impact of these acquisitions. The sales impact will be about $1.4 billion, and the earnings accretion in 2012 will be about $0.10. That's still not kind of where we see the run rate. I think when we get this business out to 2013 and beyond, it's $0.20 to $0.25 accretive in terms of our numbers. So very strong growth stories here and really position our auto business to build their backlog, as we get into the 2012 to 2014 type timeframe. Then lastly, I'll just touch a few minutes on our revised guidance. So with the terrific first quarter here, it's nice to be able to share an improved outlook for the balance of our fiscal year here. So in terms of our revenue guidance, you can see we're nudging that up from $37 billion to $38.5 billion. So we're going up from 9% to 12%. The drivers here, about half of that being the automotive acquisitions. The remainder is the higher production assumptions in North America and Europe and a pickup in aftermarket volume in Power Solutions. In terms of earnings per share, we're increasing our range from $2.30, $2.45 to a new range of $2.50 to $2.55. And the drivers here, really, are the incremental volumes, a continued focus on our cost base, but also an acceleration of some of our growth investments, particularly on the Power Solutions side, where we are capacity-constrained almost in every region throughout the world. So we've got a lot of debottlenecking of our factories. We're incurring some inefficient transportation costs. And we'll be ramping up our investment in some of the bottleneck areas in AGM and our capacity in Asia and North America. In terms of the -- we're introducing Q2 guidance here of $0.52 to $0.54. And I'd just remind everyone, you can see the asterisk here, we do expect to incur some acquisition and integration-related costs. We haven't yet quantified those, but some of those will flow through in the second and third quarter. These numbers that I have provided here exclude those costs. In terms of segment margins, you can see we ticked that up a little bit by about 10 basis points. Our range Automotive is unchanged at 4.5% to 4.7%. Here, what we're really seeing is the impact of the acquisitions that is slightly dilutive, and so that's really offsetting the beneficial impact of the higher production volumes. In Power Solutions, we're increasing our range by 20 basis points to 13.6% to 13.8%. And in Building Efficiency, we're increasing our range by about 10 basis points to 5.7% to 5.9%. The real driver in Building Efficiency being better operational efficiencies, particularly in Asia and North America systems business. In terms of financing charges, you can see we're increasing our range by about $10 million here, and that's really associated with the costs associated with the acquisitions. Our capital expenditure forecast we're increasing by $200 million to $1.4 billion. About 2/3 of the increase is capacity expansion in Power Solutions. Here, we are -- as I said earlier, we're taking up our capacity in Korea, in North America. And these are levels higher than we sort of planned going into the year. And also in AGM. In AGM, we continue to see that market develop. We expect to increase our capacity by 2014 from 3.6 million units this year to 11.2 million units by 2014. So when we talked at our Analyst Meeting, we talked about putting capacity in place for just over 7 million units. So it's a 50% increase in our European capacity. We also expect this year that we will start to begin construction on some North American capacity. We have not yet sized that here. So some of that spend will flow through here. In terms of AGM, a lot of investment ramping that business up and developing some of the market channels, particularly in the aftermarket side. That capacity won't be in place for 2012. It's really investment we're putting in place to expand our business in 2013 and beyond. In terms of our balance sheet. You can see why our debt-to-total capitalization we're now forecasting to be around 22% versus the 15%. That's all attributable to the borrowings that we're going to take on associated with the auto acquisitions. Our free cash flow remains unchanged at $1.2 billion. Our higher level of net income will be offset, will basically fund the increased level of capital investment. So just before -- I guess sort of the key financial takeaways here is really double-digit top line growth in all three of our businesses; very strong momentum in Building Efficiency with our backlog continuing to show an upward trajectory; and revised upward guidance in terms of 2011 and significant margin expansion; the fact that we're increasing our level in investment, both organic and M&A; and also, that our balance sheet continues to be underleveraged, which gives us the capacity to increase our investments further in the future to deliver superior shareholder value. So with that, Glen I guess will open things up for questions.
Glen Ponczak: Yes. And before we start, I'm told we have a lot of people on the call. So to give everybody a chance, maybe if we can keep it to one, your best question, and maybe a quick follow-up. And with that, Kathy, we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Brian Johnson of Barclays Capital.
Brian Johnson: I will talk about European seating. You said $20 million of engineering cost. Add that back in, that would imply roughly maybe a 100 basis point margin. I guess the question is what is it going to take to get this into the 4%, 5%, 6% margin range? When's that going to happen? And how do these new acquisitions help get you there?
R. McDonald: Well, Brian, this year, if you sort of go through the numbers, those acquisitions are going to be dilutive to our margins in 2011. They'll probably come in at, say, 2.5% to 3% prior to the integration and acquisition costs that I referred to. Next year, those acquisitions will start to be accretive to our margins there. But the drivers for getting our European margins up to the level we just talked about are really unchanged from last quarter. As I indicated in my comments, we are still experiencing some launch difficulties, some supply shortages and distressed supplier costs. So we need to -- those need to drop away. And we're pretty confident, in terms of the run rate, that that's going to happen by the end of this year. But secondly and more importantly is really getting the European industry volumes back to the levels that they were prior to the downturn. I mean, we've talked in the call before about the fact that we structured our business down as much as we did in North America because we felt that there was really no fundamental reason why the market wasn't going to recover the level that it was before. So we just need some of that tailwind behind us.
Stephen Roell: Clearly, Brian, we know that there's opportunities to improve our operations also. We have to acknowledge that, that both from a quality standpoint and operations, we can do a better job in here, and that's going to be a key. Longer term, as we think about those margins and maybe the profitability of the European acquisitions, we've been consistent in how we describe our criteria for looking at acquisitions. And I would tell you that the two, or the three, if you want to look at Michel Thierry, all three of those will be achieving their return on capital investment, the targets we've set, in that third or fourth year. So maybe as you start to model longer out, I would start just thinking in that context.
Brian Johnson: And have you made any management changes in Europe to sort of give you greater confidence that the launch costs and some of the cost overruns are behind you? Or is it just refocusing the team you have there?
Stephen Roell: I think we got a real good team there. I'll start with that, okay? We have made some changes, but the changes were really more along having a dedicated structure that managed components. So what we did do is we now have our component business, metal, trim and foam, we have that as a separate business, separate global business unit. But I think we have a good team. We have to bulk up the team, and I don't think it's a matter of changing the team. I think we're trying to add some additional middle management, and I think we're getting some good middle management in the acquisitions. That's the other thing, I guess, I would describe to you.
R. McDonald: Yes, let me add to that. With some of the quality issues that have occurred in the industry, there is, for sure, a heightened expectation and demand in terms of quality performance. And so that is an area that we've brought in some external talent and is an area that we are bulking up.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker: Bruce, did I just hear you say that the engineering costs will be an issue for all of 2011 and something that goes away towards the end of the year?
R. McDonald: No, I didn't say that. The engineering costs are really just timing-related. They tend to be lumpy by quarter. What I was referring to there was some of the launch difficulties, the distressed supplier costs, the supply shortages that we're having. Those costs, we expect to trend down as the year goes on here.
Ravi Shanker: So you didn't raise your auto margin guidance despite higher production estimates. Does that have something to do with the timing of these recoveries? Are you actually implicitly raising your estimates in North America and Asia, but then Europe's going to be weaker because of the acquisitions?
R. McDonald: Yes, well, the acquisitions are dilutive in this year. So if you think about the -- let's say we had not have had the acquisitions. We probably would have upwardly revised our margins in auto by 10 or 20 basis points. So the acquisitions sort of just dilute that.
Ravi Shanker: And if I can just sneak in one more. The increase in the accretion of FAS 2012, is that because of cost synergies? Or is that just you growing the top line in these new businesses because you're obviously part of a bigger company now?
R. McDonald: It's really the latter. This one is really all about revenue growth, not cost savings.
Stephen Roell: There are some, but they're minor in contrast. And I would tell you that both these businesses came with good backlogs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Denoyer of Wolfe Trahan.
Timothy Denoyer: Quick question on the -- a couple of battery-related questions. You mentioned that the Mexican smelter would take another one or two quarters before you're seeing the full run rate. Are we at roughly 1/3 of that run rate in the current quarter? Or can you give a little more quantification of that?
Stephen Roell: Tim, I think the way that you start the battery plant's a little bit different. I think, I would tell you yesterday they hit the run rate that they need to. But -- in terms of the amount of smelting they did.  But it's a consistency level of that. So I would say it ramps up, but there's points in time where you actually hit the run rate that we're looking for down the road, and we come off. So it's just a function of how we stabilize the production over time.
Timothy Denoyer: And with lead prices up to, I think, around $2,700 a ton at this point, is there any change, or what is the change, I guess, versus your estimate of, you said in the past 200 to 250 basis points of margin potential from both of those, the smelters? How does that look today?
Stephen Roell: Yes, we haven't updated that. Tim, I would just tell you that as the price goes up, we're very happy we've made those decisions to invest and build those two smelters. We have not gone back and quantified revised guidance to what that delta would be based on that change.
Glen Ponczak: Yes, but that will go up and down, Tim.
Stephen Roell: Yes.
R. McDonald: I mean, but that order of magnitude, like $2,200 versus $2,700, it's not going to be significant.
Timothy Denoyer: And then just one more quick one in terms of -- do you expect the margin impact in batteries in the second quarter as the new China plant ramps up?
Stephen Roell: The China plant's going to ramp up gradually over the remainder of the year, Tim, so we're bringing on the lines almost on a monthly basis. But some of those are going to come on, I mean, really, it's literally April, May, June, July and August. So it's going to be that kind of a ramp up, Okay?
Operator: Our next question comes from Pat Archambault of Goldman Sachs.
Patrick Archambault: I had just a question on working capital, which I think increased, I think it was $473 million. I know that it's been hard to -- it's sort of gone in either direction historically. But that seemed like a pretty big number. I think that maybe some of that is inventories with Wal-Mart. Can you give us a sense of what was behind that number? And just given everything you have going on, is working capital going to be a continued cash investment for the next couple quarters?
R. McDonald: Yes, Pat, it's Bruce here. I would say, almost without exception, we always have a working capital build in Q1. Last year was very abnormal. And let me just give you some of the underlying factors. First of all, last year, we were coming off a, obviously, a very poor year, year-over-year. Our bonus plan, which are based on year-over-year profit improvement, paid out zero last year. And I'm talking about 2010. 2009 payment that would have been made in the first quarter of 2010, it paid out zero this year. If you look at our overall incentive compensation across the company, probably a couple of $100 million. So that's half of the delta, and that always happens. Secondly is our battery business, we always build inventory in the first quarter to support the seasonality in demand. And last year, we didn't have to do that because we had excess battery capacity. So that's a very normal pattern. So those are really the two factors. Our working capital performance is very much in line with our internal plans. It just looks funny versus last year because that was so abnormal.
Patrick Archambault: And is there, for instance, with the Wal-Mart business, was there any impact from that in terms of having to build up inventories ahead of that contract, or concurrent with it?
R. McDonald: No, not really.
Operator: The next question comes from David Leiker of Robert W. Baird.
David Leiker: On Building Efficiency, Bruce, you didn't give an organic number. I'm assuming that's because there's not much difference than the up 13%?
R. McDonald: You mean organic...
David Leiker: Revenue x currency?
R. McDonald: Yes. Currency was not an issue, so it was 13% with or without currency.
David Leiker: So this is really, this is the second quarter you've got a double-digit revenue growth there.
R. McDonald: Yes.
David Leiker: Europe is still coming through. You've got, the order intake is pretty strong. Yet your guidance for the full year is 8% to 10%. That 8% to 10% seems relatively conservative at this point. Is there something we're missing?
R. McDonald: Well, I think at this point in time, our orders are trending better than our expectations. And I'd say just because Building Efficiency is sort of 2/3 of our profitability is in the second half of the year, I think we just want to wait another quarter before we decide, before we kind of make a call on how the year's going to play out there.
Stephen Roell: Yes, I think the sad combination with what we think will come out of this year in terms of backlog, David, but that's really what we're trying to gauge. But I think we're pleased. I think -- this is still a market which hasn't fully recovered yet. We're outperforming it. If you look at the AIA data yesterday, it was mixed. It's trending up, but it wasn't in the institutional base. So we continue to gain share in it. I believe we can by adding the sales force that we have. But I think we just want to see a little more of the order demand here the next three to six months and then we'll have a better feel.
David Leiker: And then if we look at that business longer term, what do you think your revenue growth there is on a long-term basis? Right around that 10% number?
R. McDonald: We've talked about 10% to 15%.
Stephen Roell: 15%, yes.
David Leiker: And then one last housekeeping item here. If we look at your Building Efficiency business sequentially Q4 to Q1, there's a seasonal drop there. But it looked like the drop in profits relative to revenue was a little bit mismatched relative to the past. Is there something that we're missing there, or is that pretty normal, do you think?
R. McDonald: Well, like I said kind of earlier, about 2/3 of our profitability's in the second half. But we always see it down. So this is our weakest quarter, particularly on the service side. I guess I haven't really looked at is there anything abnormal, like Q4 to Q1 this year versus the past. Maybe we can follow up with that one with you, David.
Stephen Roell: The only thing I can think of David, something that Bruce has, is the GWS sales growth, okay, was probably, the 21% was a strong number for us versus historical norms. But I think the key, and I know some people are looking at the first half versus second half, as Bruce mentioned, the service is a major element. As we start doing all of our truck-based service and our other work, a lot of that is scheduled, and it's done in the April through summer timeframe. So that really is what helps us tremendously. Plus, it's just how much work we do on contracts, given the weather. That just picks up in that timeframe. So that's just historically what's there. The key to BE, though, I'm going to tell you, is while we'll see recovery in North America, the key is the strength we're seeing in those emerging markets. Bruce talked about the Middle East and, certainly, Asia. Those are the two that are really helping us and are expected to, if you look at Global Insight.
Operator: Our next question comes from Himanshu Patel of JPMorgan.
Vivek Aalok: This is Vivek Aalok for Himanshu this morning. I have one question for you. How does the M&A pipeline look like now? And I wanted to know where will these acquisitions be? Will they be in the autos or will they be in Power Solutions?
Stephen Roell: Are you talking about future acquisitions?
Vivek Aalok: Yes.
Stephen Roell: Yes, I think, historically, and I'll stay by this, I've always said that our -- over the mid to long term, we expect about 80% of our M&A activity to be in the BE business unit. We knew these opportunities exist in Automotive. It's going to take us, in the organization, some time here to really focus on the integration of those acquisitions. So I would tell you that, in terms of Automotive, I wouldn't expect any more activity than what you've seen this year. Longer term, and we're struggling, to be honest with you, regarding identifying large acquisitions. We've made several approaches. We've had assets which are not available. And so, as I indicated in some recent conferences, I don't believe you're going to see a mega transaction from us in the Building Efficiency side. It will likely be smaller transactions, maybe even up into the $300 million, $400 million range. But that's what I would expect over the midterm.
Vivek Aalok: And just lastly, can you discuss the climate for OEM pricing pressure now relative to last year? Do you see any big change?
Stephen Roell: No, we really don't. I think the only thing I would tell you, maybe not so much as to last year, but if you look back to two, three years ago, it's a much different climate. I would say there's a lot more cooperative effort, a lot more focus on pricing related to cost reduction efforts. But I just talked to our people this morning regarding what they see in Europe, in particular, and we would tell you the pricing pressure is very similar, but the cooperative level and the nature of it, it's not as contentious, and it's certainly much more of a cooperative aspect.
Operator: Colin Rusch from ThinkEquity.
Colin Rusch: I just want to follow up on both the acquisition and the Building Efficiency. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in China? There appears to be a pretty meaningful opportunity to roll up a fragmented escal [ph] market. How far along are you in evaluating targets, developing partnerships? And what are you expecting in terms of policy adjustment as China rolls out long-term policy targets over the next several months?
Stephen Roell: Really, it's been Automotive. I don't think they've done a whole lot on the energy side. I think the escal [ph] market's a very immature one. I mean, right now, we're building out our capabilities in China. The market right now isn't really established for an escal [ph] market right now, Colin.
Colin Rusch: And then secondly, just in terms of looking at and rationalizing electricity supply chain. Do you expect to make any technology acquisitions? Or see the need to develop new technologies to harmonize the communication between grid applications and building operating systems, notably in automated demand response or in the building protocol translation space?
Stephen Roell: Are you talking about smart grid? Is that what you're asking?
Colin Rusch: Yes, smart grid is basically SCADA systems and operating systems. It looks like there's a lot of work to do in marrying those things up.
Stephen Roell: Some of the targets we have would be in that area. But again, they're a small company. And we think it would be by just the nature of it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ceraso of Credit Suisse.
Christopher Ceraso: A couple of questions on the acquisitions. First, with an increase, it seems, in vertical integration, does this improve the potential margin for that product line, that being seating and interiors in general? And then also on the acquisitions, you mentioned that it's primarily Europe that you're growing for top line growth. But what does the cost footprint look like? If these are mainly European assets, is it mainly a European cost base?
R. McDonald: Yes, in your first question about the margins, yes, these will be accretive to our margins longer-term. And I think once we've had a chance to integrate these businesses and firm up some of our initial thoughts here, we can talk -- I think we'll be in a position to talk about that in a lot more detail.  Probably in time when we have our analyst meeting next fall. With regard to the footprint, the manufacturing footprint, it's true the businesses are European-based, but they do have a pretty good low-cost footprint each of them. So the technical resources are primarily in Germany, but from a manufacturing point of view. And metals tend to be -- obviously, there's a lot of transportation penalties. So you can't push it way into the East. But I would just say our view of the footprint of both of these businesses is that it's very good. And we don't see a -- our expectation is there's not a lot of refootprinting that we would want to do with these businesses.
Christopher Ceraso: And then just one quick one on the SEC change with the reporting. I understand that resi is a small business, it's the bottom of the market, arguably, and that's kind of a highly volatile segment. Do you feel like you're giving up some transparency here to the investment community? And also, Europe, which has kind of had some struggles, it seems that combining those two kind of mask some sort of problem areas. What's your thought on that, Bruce?
Stephen Roell: Well, this is Steve. Let me talk about that. I think -- that's not our intention. As Bruce mentioned, I think, in his comments, it's our intention, Chris, that we would go through and continue to highlight those businesses in our commentary. Okay? So you should be hearing from us in terms of residential and Europe. Right now, we feel good about both those. Both those businesses are expected to be good contributors in our year over 2011 performance. So there certainly was nothing on our part in terms of trying to hide transparency. We'll be talking about those businesses with you. Okay?
Operator: Michael Lew of Needham & Company.
Michael Lew: On the Asia systems and the services front, what's the current blend or mix between services and systems revenues? And also, could you comment on the type of growth rate we should expect in the near term? I mean, should we expect an acceleration beyond the 30% plus type, given the additional headcount that's being added to harvest that region?
Stephen Roell: Now you're talking about Asia specifically?
Michael Lew: Yes.
Stephen Roell: Okay, I guess let me talk about China. China, because of the nature of the market, is very much of a new construction market, okay, with systems and chillers being the large proportion of our volume. The culture, and it'll morph more and more over time into a service business, and we're planning for that. But right now, the preponderance of what we do in China is exactly that. If you go to Japan, it's sort of counter, okay? Think about a very mature market. There our retrofit and service capabilities are critical to us. So we talk about the retrofit market being the primary driver of Japan. That's how we contrast those two markets.
Michael Lew: And can you comment on any activity ongoing in Korea?
Stephen Roell: Well, Korea's a good blend. We've got a nice footprint there. And I guess I would say that Korea is probably a good blend of two of those. There's still construction activity, retrofit, and we do have a service capability there. So it's probably in the middle.
Michael Lew: And one last question. On Power Solutions, last quarter, you highlighted the need to import from the U.S. and Europe to fulfill the demand in China. Is that still the case now, given that the China manufacturing facility is now in operation?
R. McDonald: We'll be -- our expectation is we'll be doing that all year. So for that...
Michael Lew: All year?
R. McDonald: Yes.
Stephen Roell: Yes.
R. McDonald: Because the demand is ramping up faster than our manufacturing capacity. And it's likely we have some of that even into 2012.
Stephen Roell: I think what -- to be honest with you, what's catching us, though, is the demand in the U.S. is stronger than what we thought. So it's making that equation a little more complex. And that's why, as Bruce mentioned, we're putting some more form and fill [ph] capacity into the U.S. this year, because our ability to ship from here is getting tight.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rod Lache of Deutsche Bank.
Patrick Nolan: It's Pat Nolan on for Rod. On the Power Solutions business, you usually see seasonally that revenue come off in the second quarter and then kind of  recover in the fourth quarter. Is demand strong enough that we're going to see less of a drop-off this year?
R. McDonald: I think so. I think so.
Stephen Roell: Yes, the only reason I'm hedging on that is demand was so strong in the quarter just ended, and that's making me think. Certainly, our demand is going to be stronger than last year, but there's going to be a drop-off. It just doesn't maintain it, but I think...
R. McDonald: I think, though, one thing, Steve, is we have struggled to ramp up our capacity. And so our customers typically stock up inventory. And I think if you were to look at the cost of the inventory of the channels, that we're probably lower than normal.  So that's why I think we'll probably see less of a drop off.
Stephen Roell: And I guess the other thing that would contribute, if the weather continues like what it's going to be tomorrow here. It's been battery weather. But it's difficult for us. But we had such a strong first quarter because of demand, that's the only thing I'm worried about, Bruce. But I guess, Pat, we'll have to see, okay?
Patrick Nolan: And just one housekeeping. On the Power Solutions business, was there any notable lead impact on the revenue change year-over-year in the first quarter?
R. McDonald: A little bit, but nothing really significant.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Langan of UBS.
Colin Langan: Can you comment on the sequential performance in Building Efficiency on the sell side? It actually was quite good relative to the normal seasonal performance. Is there any business from Q4 pushed into this quarter or is it just this far backlog?
R. McDonald: No, it's not, Colin. There's nothing like you referred to. I think the issue, and I think maybe Steve touched on earlier, is just the GWS growth was particularly strong. I think if you probably stripped out that 20% -- I think we said GWS was up 21%. If you strip that out, probably not as stark as your comment.
Colin Langan: And just following up on Power Solutions. You had a 14% margin this quarter and the guidance is for a bit lower for the full year. I mean, is that just normal seasonality? Or is that some of the costs of the new capacity being added?
R. McDonald: It's normal seasonality. Our Q1 volumes, because we're building up. Our manufacturing's running sort of flat out trying to build up stock here, it's our best quarter, usually.
Colin Langan: You talked a lot about the opportunity in China for Power Solutions. I mean, what is the size of that revenue today? And is that all consolidated, or is that all through joint ventures?
R. McDonald: Yes, China is -- in Power Solutions, our China business is 100% consolidated, 100% owned, so it's fully consolidated. And roughly speaking, it's about $400 million today.
Stephen Roell: How many units, Bruce?
R. McDonald: 6 million, 6.5 million, something like that.
Stephen Roell: So when we talk about the fact that our second plant's going to have 8 million and the one in the West is going to have 6 million, that'll give you -- that's all new capacity, give you an idea of the growth.
Operator: Our next question and our final question comes from Brett Hoselton of KeyBanc.
Brett Hoselton: I wanted to ask you about your European margins. I was just kind of going through my prior notes, and I think you've been very consistent in the expectation that improved volumes and lower costs are going to -- like launch costs and so forth, are going to allow you to improve your margins. And again, in the past, I think you've said that you'd like to get back up to that 6% to 7% range in Europe. So it sounds like what you're suggesting here is your costs are expected to tail off towards the end of this year. And so that sounds like it's going to be largely eliminated in 2012. And then I'm looking at projections for production kind of ramping up to that $20 million to $21 million range by 2012, 2013 timeframe. Which all seems to imply that your European margins should reach that 6% to 7% goal possibly in that 2012, 2013 timeframe. Am I thinking about that correctly?
Stephen Roell: I think you're being a little aggressive on the time frame, Brett. I'm not suggesting that -- I don't we believe our forecast -- that we'll see Europe return to that level by that timeframe. It will be later than that. We probably have those kind of projections out in the 2015 timeframe. And that will be a more realistic goal, I think, at that point.
R. McDonald: Okay, I think we're going to have to wrap up from a timing standpoint. Again, thank you all for attending and your interest. It was a good quarter for us. I think in terms of the momentum we have in our business, we're confident about the remainder of the year. And I look forward to talking to you, either in person or on the conference call next quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Now I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Glen Ponczak. Sir, you may begin.
Glen Ponczak: Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining us. before we start here this morning, I want to remind you of our forward-looking statement. Johnson Controls incorporated will make forward-looking statements in this presentation pertaining to its financial results for fiscal 2011 and beyond that are based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates or forecasts. For those statements, the company cautions that numerous important factors, such as automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, the strength of the U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellation of or changes to commercial contracts, changes in the levels or timing of investments in commercial buildings, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of the company's most recent Form 10-K filing, which was filed November 24, 2009, could affect the company's actual results and could cause its actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by, or on behalf of, the company. This morning, we'll start with Steve Roell, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson Controls  giving an overview of the quarter and of fiscal 2010 results. After that, Chris McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will review the business individually and give a financial review. That will be followed by questions and answers. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Stephen Roell: Thanks, Glen. Well, good morning, everyone. Before discussing the results, just a reminder that two weeks ago, the management team was in New York. We had our Analyst Day on October 12 where we provided our outlook for fiscal 2011. The slides, the transcript and the audio of those presentations are available to you on the Investors section of johnsoncontrols.com. If you didn't have a chance to join us, if you'd like to refer to that data. Turning to the quarter itself. We're very pleased with our fiscal fourth quarter results, slightly ahead of the guidance that we have provided to you. Our sales at $9 billion versus $79 billion in 2009 were up 15%. Excluding foreign exchange, they were up 18%, and we were pleased to note that all three of our businesses reported double-digit growth in the quarter year-over-year. Segment income of $586 million was up 14% over fiscal 2009's similar quarter. Our net income grew 21% from $339 million to $409 million in the fiscal quarter. Earnings per share of  $0.60 per diluted share versus $0.52 of Q4 '09. I know the GAAP data was actually an increase from $0.47 to $0.66, but we've adjusted for all the onetime and we think it's more appropriate when you look at it going from $0.52 to $0.60. From a balance sheet standpoint, good cash flow. Our net debt-to-total capitalization, as you may notice, is down to 21.9%. And that was after a voluntary pension contribution of approximately $440 million, which was made in the quarter. We'll talk about that more further as Bruce gets into his balance sheet detail. For a full year standpoint, I'm not going to spend a great deal of time comparing '09. I would just note that our fiscal 2010 results was the second strongest profitable year in the history of the company despite the fact that, as most of you know, the industry data and industry background was far below what it had been for sometime. We outperformed, we believe, our underlying markets. We have market share gains, we believe, across all three of our businesses as evidenced by our sales growth and the backlogs that we have coming into 2011. We benefited earlier in the year from the cost reductions initiatives that we took in both 2008 and 2009, and those gave us some year-over-year comparisons earlier in the year. As I've mentioned, we had good cash flow generation that resulted in a strong liquidity position. And as we noted when we were in New York, we have accelerated our investments. We did sell -- starting in mid-2010, our capital spending was $777 million. That was up from $647 million a year ago. We noted that we continue to add sales force capacity and we began to do that again in mid-2010. Turning to the 2011. As we indicated to you, we have good momentum coming into the year. We had solid growth in our backlog as evidenced by those market share gains. Automotive backlog, again this is a three-year outlook. Last year, when we looked at 2010 through '12, we had $2.5 billion of new business that we were to launch in that timeframe. It should be noted that in the forward-looking three years, 2011 through 2013, that backlog had grown to $4 billion. Building Efficiency was up 10% at the end of 2010. We noted very strong fourth quarter orders. Orders were up 32% excluding currency. Those were driven by a combination of strength in our North American what we call energy solutions, we've referred to them previously as performance contracts, and also strong growth in the international markets with the exception of Europe. And something we didn't really talk a lot about was we did have some significant new Global Workplace Solution contract wins in the quarter. Those numbers are not in our backlog. We would just highlight three as an example: Verizon, Eli Lilly and Bristol-Myers, all of which are North American contracts. Those contract values on an annual basis are roughly $268 million, and those will begin to revenue in the next year. In addition, we've got an accelerating demand in SOY [ph] (20:06) and AGM batteries. We highlighted the fact that we're having a difficult time keeping up with the AGM demand. I highlighted that we had discussed with our Board adding capacity both in our July and September meetings, and we currently are continuing to lag the demand markets has from the standpoint of our European customers in terms of AGM Start-Stop applications. And we continue to invest in geographic and capacity expansions in the emerging markets, most prominently in China where we've highlighted our intent to continue to expand and add capacity in the China market for batteries. And we continue to add sales force and infrastructure to support both our automotive and our Building Efficiency businesses. So with that, I'm going to turn over to Bruce who will walk through the three businesses and the financial comments. Bruce?
R. McDonald: Thanks, Steve. So starting here on Slide 6 on automotive experience. So for the -- we've had another good quarter here, a real solid quarter. We have all geographic regions participating. Look at our sales here, $4.1 billion, up 18%. On a constant currency basis, the sales were actually up 23%. Now a thing that we really looked to is how we perform versus the underlying markets, and we outperformed in all regions. In North America, our sales were up about 32% versus the production increase of 27%. If you back out currency, our sales in Europe were up below 8% versus the flat production environment. And in Asia, predominantly in Japan and Korea, from a consolidated point of view, our sales were up 74%, reflecting a number of new vehicle launches. And then in China, as you noted, mostly we participate there through nonconsolidated joint ventures. You can see our sales here were up 41% to $875 million, and that compares against what we believe -- estimated passenger car sales were up about 21%. Our top line growth in China continues to be -- really you'll see the balance sheet impact of that flowing through in higher equity income when we look at the face of the income statement. And we expect to see that trend to continue into 2011. Looking at the segment income here, you can see we're up about 68% to $129 million versus $77 million in 2009. We continue to see good profit conversion rate on incremental sales, mainly reflecting the benefit of our restructuring initiatives in some of our -- and higher levels of capacity utilization in our plants. Partially offsetting this within the quarter actually was higher net engineering costs of about $50 million on a year-over-year basis. This is primarily attributable to the timing of engineering recoveries primarily in Europe. So in Europe in the quarter, significantly lower engineering recoveries in the prior year, and that's really what drives the year-over-year performance in our European business. Looking at our margins on a geographic basis in the quarter. North America was at 5.3%. Asia was at 7.1%. In Europe, we had a small loss of $5 million, so our margin was negative 0.3%. If we take our European margins adjusted for the higher engineering costs that I talked about and also the adverse impact of foreign exchange, then our margins in the quarter would have been about 3.1%. And that's up about 140 basis points versus the comparable quarter last year. We feel good about how Europe is doing. Those engineering recovery issues are non sort of reoccurring. They're just lumpy in terms of when they flow through. And we remain very confident in terms of the substantial pickup in our margins that we expect in Europe next year. Obviously in Asia, our margins benefited from the higher level of equity income from our joint ventures. If you look at the box here on the chart, we gave a little bit more color on our three-year backlog, which, as Steve indicated, was up about 60% to $4 billion. And you can see here we sort of show how it flows by year, at over $1 billion each of the three years. And we also give the geographic and nonconsolidated versus consolidated information. Turning to Building Efficiencies, we are pleased to see Building Efficiency show a double-digit increase in sales to 10%. Again, on a -- currency wasn't really a big factor here, but if you strip out the impact of currency, sales were actually up about 11%. On our businesses that don't flow through our backlog, which is Global WorkPlace Solutions and North America Residential businesses, sales in those two units were up about 20% and 2%, respectively. And you can see here in North America we saw Systems business was up 7%, services double-digit increase to 11% and the rest of the world, which for us is really Latin America, the Middle East and Asia, sales were up 19%. In Europe, if you back out the impact of exchange, revenues were still down 4%. Probably a more -- better indicator of how our markets are performing is really look at our order activity, which is in the box here. And you can see in the quarter that our orders were up about 32% on a constant currency basis. Now geographically, you can see the strong growth in the emerging markets, up 57% on a year-over-year basis. North America, you can see up 31%. And finally, we've seen a pickup at our, I guess, let's say, a turnaround in Europe where our orders on a currency adjusted basis were up 6%. In terms of our North American orders, we continue to track ARRA order activity in the quarter.  We booked about $183 million, which is about 3% higher than the amount that they booked in Q3. And on a year-to-date basis, our total of orders in terms of The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act were about $612 million of our backlog. Most of that is still sitting in there. In terms of segment income for Building Efficiency, at $275 million, up 13%. So we did see some margin expansion here, about 30 basis points on a year-over-year basis. And that came despite these steps in investment from some of our key growth areas, which is incremental sales force, product development and the emerging market infrastructure to support the type of growth that we're seeing in our orders here. If you look at our individual segments within Building Efficiency, and you'll see those when we file our 10-K, there is a number of charges and adjustments, credit issues and things like that, plusses and minuses which in aggregate aren't material. So really, not material for the overall business, Building Efficiency segment. When you see the K, you'll see some swings in some of the -- some pieces here. And you can see here that our backlog at $4.7 billion. That's the highest backlog, and I think one other quarter, we had a backlog of $4.7 billion. But we're up 10% year-over-year, and that's the first time that we've shown double-digit increase in our backlog since '08. Turning now to Power Solutions. We had another very good quarter here. In terms of sales, we're up 19%. Unit volumes were up 13%. In terms of the aftermarket side of things, we saw an increase of 12%. That number does include some of the  incremental volumes associated with the Wal-Mart launch. That really gathered some momentum here in Q1 when the last of the business that we've won swings over to Johnson Controls. You can see here in the OE side of the business up about 19%, reflecting generally speaking higher global production levels and some market share wins that we had. In terms of -- if you look at our Asian business, our volumes in Asia were actually up more than 100%, 111%. That reflects both the acquisition of Delkor, so that's the Korean joint venture that we did in the fourth quarter, as well as continued growth in China. In China, our business, our operations there continue to perform well, and we're on track with the opening of our second manufacturing facility here late in this quarter, early Q2. In terms of our segment income, you can see we're down about 6%, $182 million or $12 million in reduction versus '09. I just note that our Power Solutions business is -- we're actually on the LIFO method of the inventory accounting here, and our profitability tends to be negatively impacted at a time when inventory levels are rising. And then, sort of think back to Q4 of last year, we had a surge in demand and kind of drew our inventories down. In this quarter, we didn't have -- we actually had an inventory build as we stocked up on supply of junk batteries to support the smelter opening here in the first quarter. So that's -- the timing of lead purchases and the magnitude of them is really what fluctuates the year-over-year earnings here. If we maybe now turning over to the financial highlights here on Slide 9. Before I get to the individual line item detail, let me just comment on some of the nonrecurring items. We could flip those on, kind of, behind this and focus on the underlying operational performance of the business. So in the quarter of 2010, we had three things that really hit us. We had a gain on the purchase of the controlling interest in the Power Solutions joint venture with Korea of about $37 million. And that actually shows up as a $47 million gain within equity income and a $10 million charge within SG&A. And that charge represents purchase accounting adjustments of transaction costs. We also had an impairment charge in our Auto business in Japan of $11 million, that flows through gross margin, and an $8 million loss from the sale of a joint venture, which flows through equity income. So those are the adjustments that we've made if you go from the reported to the X Items column here. In 2009, in the comparable quarter, we had $105 million warranty charge that flowed through gross margin in our North American Residential Air-Conditioning business and $111 million financing charge associated with the cost of the exchange offer. We converted some of our, recalled both our convertible and our mandatory convertible units, in an early exchange on equity in the quarter. And then in both years, we had tax benefit. And so in here, we're sort of dropping back to the guidance rates that we had in each quarter. So if you sort of look at the sales line here, you can see, with each of our three businesses growing at more than double-digit percent rates, our sales were up 15%, just a shade over $9 billion. If you take out the impact of exchange, our sales were actually up 18% in the quarter. The increase is really driven by higher volumes in both automotive and our battery markets, as well as market share gains in each of these businesses. And then in Building Efficiency, as we talked about earlier, we're starting to see the benefit of our late cycle business starting to gather momentum here. And we are real pleased to see that business at double-digit growth. In terms of our gross profit, you can see it, 16.6%, a 70 basis point improvement versus last year. And that really reflects both better capacity utilization but also the benefit of our restructuring initiatives that we did and really focused in 2009. On a year-over-year basis, you can see our SG&A as a percentage of sales increased by about 110 basis points, which is 10.8%. Here you're seeing both the impact of the higher engineering levels that I've talked about, higher levels of incentive compensation costs because there were more in '10 than [ph] (32:38) in '09 and as well as the impact of the investments that we're making in our growth initiatives that we talked about building efficiencies. You can see equity income more than doubled here to $59 million versus $27 million last year. Here we're starting to -- you continue to see this exceptional strength of both our automotive joint ventures, but also improved results in our Power Solutions joint ventures in other parts of the world. Flipping to the next slide here. In terms of financing charges, you can see $53 million and we're down 19% versus last year because the last year's number obviously includes the interest, the high interest costs associated with the convertible debt instruments that were outstanding in the quarter. In terms of the tax rate, as I said before, we had about $22 million of nonrecurring items. We've adjusted it here to the 18% rate that we guided to to come up with the $0.60 a share EPS. In terms of income from attributable noncontrolling interest or, formally, minority interest, here you can see a charge of $20 million versus $3 million last year. This really reflects the fact that our consolidated joint ventures in both Power Solutions and Automotive were significantly more profitable than in the prior year. And lastly, in terms of diluted earnings per share, $0.60, the 15% year-over-year improvement. Then lastly, before we open up to Q&A, I just want to spend a little bit of time talking about our balance sheet and our financial position. We continue to have a very strong liquidity position and that you see on the slide here we've noted our cushion is in excess of $3.3 billion. That really represents the net amount of unused borrowing capacity that we have over and above the peak level at any one point or month. In terms of our revolver, we've noted here that our $2 billion -- our revolver,  this $2.05 billion, expires in 2011, and we expect to have a -- to complete the renewal of an upsized, multiyear bank deal in the second quarter of our fiscal 2011. In terms of the debt-to-total capitalization, Steve already mentioned 21.9% inclusive of the $440 million pension contribution. For the year, we made pension contributions, $665 million. If you look at our overall pension position in the U.S., despite the fact that we reduced our discount by 75 basis points to 5.5%, our plans are about 91% funded, and we'd expect to be fully funded by the end of 2011 with the contributions that we intend to make here. In terms of working capital, I guess we continue to make good progress managing our level of working capital here. We really try and pull out the impact of some of the non-operation items that flow through here like pension contributions, accruals and income tax payments and things like that, really focus on trade working capital, which is, for us, we define as inventory payables and receivables. And if you look at those, we declined from 8.1% of sales last year, 5.8% of sales this year. And that's really the operational improvements that our businesses are driving here. In terms of at the Analyst Meeting, we talked about our intent to significantly increase our level of capital expenditures in 2011 to $1.2 billion. And you can see here in the fourth quarter, we're sort of on an upward trend here with CapEx more than doubling to just a shade over $250 million. If you sort of look at our balance sheet at the end of the year, we have about $560 million of cash on hand and we had no outstanding borrowings on our commercial paper program. Our balance sheet continues to be in great shape. And as we talked about at our Analyst Meeting, we're very well positioned to accelerate our growth here by making M&A acquisitions. In the first quarter of this year, the three acquisitions that we talked about at the Analyst Meeting we expect to close for an outflow of about $225 million. And so with that, I think we'll open it back up the call to questions. Glen?
Glen Ponczak: Yes, Vicky, we set to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Ceraso of Credit Suisse.
Christopher Ceraso: Just a couple of follow-ups really left over from the Analyst Meeting a couple of weeks ago. Maybe you can comment briefly on the competitive landscape in the Battery business in China. It seemed to be an area of interest for investors as we talked to people post the meeting. So I know you said that it was fragmented, but what's your expectation in terms of rolling that business up and your expected market share in that region over the next few years?
R. McDonald: I'll start with that, Chris. Bruce here. And it sort of -- just on a high-level basis here, right now, we're number four. And If you look at our market share in China, and we've grown very quickly. Our sort of main areas of growth that we're sort of focusing on is really twofold. One is, we're trying to develop our aftermarket presence. The whole industry tends to be more OE focused than the markets in Western Europe and North America. And so we're trying to make investments to develop that channel for us because long term, that's going to be where what industry migrates to. The second area of focus is the market is moving from maintenance batteries to maintenance-free batteries. And so for those of us that are a little bit older, you may recall batteries, we used to unscrew the top and pour water into them and keep them going whereas today's batteries are completely filled. The market is shifting toward maintenance-free product. And if you were to sort of segment our share in that market, we're number one. So as the market shifts towards their technology, we feel good about our growth prospects. And lastly, we clearly are the low-cost, high-quality provider in terms of automotive batteries. We're number one in every region of the world with the exception of China. We're putting our latest technology in that region. We're very confident that as a result of those strategies and the investments and our know-how, that we're going to be the long-term winner there'
Stephen Roell: The only thing I can add, Chris, to the market share side, if you recall, we announced probably mid-summer that we were going to be putting a capacity of roughly 30 million batteries between now and 2015. So you can probably come up with a fairly good market share number from that. We really don't have any competitors who really compete on a national basis. They're more regionally based. As we indicated in our meeting, our next site is going to be to the West. And then I would tell you that after that, we'll be looking to the northern region of China for our next plan after that. So that will give you some sense.
Christopher Ceraso: And then a second question relates to the AGM batteries in Europe. To what extent is your forecast of, I think, you said 80% to 90% penetration by the end of the decade. How much is that informed by discussions with OEMs as opposed to your own forecast or the forecast of third parties?
Stephen Roell: I would say it's heavily influenced by what we're hearing from our customers and the demand that they're asking us to run to. I don't think it'll be by the end of the decade. I think it'll be before that. But we're responding to what we're hearing from BMW and Volkswagen in particular who are talking to us about the demand and expectation, what they're going to do with their fleets. So that's more of a customer and, I would say, third-party. We're just acknowledging what we think that demand looks like now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Johnson, Barclays Capital.
Brian Johnson: I just want to understand the, like, the progression of European margins through next year. You talked about overall about 450 to 470 basis points in Automotive Experience. Obviously, we're not there with the onetime charges, but how do you see that evolving particularly in Europe for 2011?
R. McDonald: Well, I think what we talked about, Brian, is I think we said from an 80 perspective overall, that we expect about 90 basis points of margin expansion next year. And if you look at kind of what the main drivers are there, the main contributor to that is Europe. It's hard to say hard for me to say here's what's going to happen in Q1, 2, 3 and 4. And I'll now sort of reiterate my comments on some of the engineering timing, but we expect that our margins are going to be up quarter-over-quarter. I really just can't comment on the magnitude in each individual quarter.
Brian Johnson: And overall, you're still comfortable with European margins in the midterm? Do you think when you're 6% to 7%, Europe will be at that or still somewhat below that?
R. McDonald: Well, we haven't given individual guidance for each piece next year, but a big driver of the improvement is going to be Europe. And the key thing to remember, Brian, is we've talked about next year our forecast is flat production in Europe where we've talked about the fact that we've sized [ph] (42:53) both of our North American and European businesses have breakeven at 8.3 in North America and 14.3 in Europe. And if you look at the European production, we're only about 10% or 12% off the bottom, whereas in North America, we're up, say, 40% or 50% off the bottom. So I would tell you that we need, and I've always been pretty clear about this in the past. For our European business to get to the target level and we do need the production levels to bounce up stronger than they are right now.
Brian Johnson: And the whole issue of launch cost in engineering, launch costs, is that largely -- was that, A, largely European issue; and B, is that getting -- at what point during the year does that get behind you?
R. McDonald: Well, we didn't talk about launch costs because on  year-over-year and a quarter, they weren't significantly higher. The issue for us was the timing of engineering recoveries in the quarter, which when I talked about our net engineering beyond $50 million, about $40 million of that was in Europe.
Stephen Roell: And launch costs, though, if you go to -- for the full year, it was a real significant number for us, But I think what we indicated at the meeting, too, Brian, was that, and I'm sure you heard that, was that we don't expect the same complexity that we experienced in this past year. So that's why we have some confidence that our launch costs will not be as severe, okay?
Operator: Our next question comes from Rod Lache, Deutsche Bank.
Rod Lache: Just first, I wanted to get a clarification. Can you repeat what you said was the status of the pension fund at the end of your fiscal year?
R. McDonald: Yes, our U.S. plan, Rod, was about 91% funded.
Rod Lache: And you're saying you're going to get fully funded by the end of this year on the same basis with this low discount rate?
R. McDonald: No. That shortfall, roughly about $240 million, okay? And we've talked about what level of discretionary expense contributions we tend to make next year.
Rod Lache: And can you just help us sort of parse out what's happening within Power Solutions in terms of average transaction prices, excluding the lead fluctuation and recovery? Is there evidence -- we know that the volumes were up about 10%, but is there evidence of average transaction prices moving higher because of this positive mix shift towards AGM and maintenance-free batteries?
R. McDonald: It will over time, Rod, but I think, I mean, maybe just to answer your question on a very macro basis, if you look at the quarter and the impact of lead on our revenues of about $90 million, so if you sort of strip that out of our top line growth, you're going to have -- sales growth is comparable to unit growth. And a little bit -- and I guess that's a little bit softer. And that would really be because of the lower average selling price in Asia.
Stephen Roell: I think that over time, two things will happen. First of all, we would expect to see the AGM will impact our margins and average price dramatically. Secondly, I guess I would tell you in terms of the mix, Rod, the mix will help us. We're surprised at this stage that the mix has moved to the higher end. And that's just indicates that our customers have been very successful with their point of sale. And that would continue. We are seeing lead, by the way, move up higher than what we assume when we did our plan. I think the plan was on the basis of about $2,200 per metric ton. Now whereas talking today, it's almost $2,500. But in terms of the pricing environment beyond that, which may have been your base question, I don't see a lot of change in the base pricing environment, okay?
R. McDonald: And Ron, just to help you out, I mean, the AGM, our capacity now is about 3 million units on an annual basis. Our quarterly volume in battery is over 30 million. So it's going to take a little bit of time before that's get up to 5 million to 7 million before it starts to move to bigger number.
Rod Lache: And in the Automotive Experience business, can you just give us a little bit of help with how we should be thinking about the trajectory of earnings? Is it sort of a linear improvement or do you go through phases where you have to increase investment and you get a little bit of volatility there?
R. McDonald: Are you talking on an annual basis here, Rod?
Rod Lache: Well, I guess annually and if there's anything that you want to highlight to us in terms of even quarterly just to sort of just take into account  we're only seeing the bottom line here. And will there be any kind of volatility in terms of the margins?
Stephen Roell: I would say, Ron, I'd look at production volume. And, I mean, we know we're going to -- the first quarter is going to be what? Only a 3% growth year-over-year?
Rod Lache: Yes.
Stephen Roell: North America as an example. So I would simply say that it'll be more driven by that. But we can tell you it's going to be engineering or start-up related. I would simply say if there's any seasonal or quarterly pattern, let me tell you that year-over-year volume increases in the industry, okay?
Rod Lache: And my last question is just the ARRA revenue. Can you remind us what the number was for the full year and what your expectation is for 2011?
R. McDonald: Yes, I've talked about our total orders were about $612 million. I don't have the revenue off the top of my head, but I would say, I'll hazard a guess that it wouldn't be more than $100 million.
Stephen Roell: I think that's right, yes. I think, Rod, I'm not sure that, that ARRA reference is probably worthwhile highlighting for the future. I think we're seeing strong demand in the Federal Government, state, local...
R. McDonald: Education.
Stephen Roell: ...education. And it's not ARRA funded right now.
Rod Lache: Right, So you're basically saying that the 8% to 10% growth that you're expecting, it wouldn't be materially different without that?
Stephen Roell: That's correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Rusch, ThinkEquity.
Colin Rusch: Can you talk a little bit about the opportunity to drive markets towards higher or drive Building Efficiency markets towards higher margin business with essentially software-as-a-service opportunities, realtime pricing controls? Are you seeing any interest from your customers yet on that front?
Stephen Roell: Well, it's a long ways coming, Colin, okay? I think that we currently have a fairly good advisory service regarding helping people manage their demand. Really, our real focus, though, on the demand side as opposed to the generation side, as realtime comes in, they may need more sophisticated controls, and that's really where we benefit and we can help our customers. But I don't -- I wouldn't tell you that's driving our markets today. It's premature, but it's there certainly over next five years.
Colin Rusch: And then with the agreement with Hitachi, can you talk about the implications of that for the JV with Saft and what you're seeing as their limitations for the current technology and the IP that you have in-house right now and whether you're seeing a need for something a little bit more robust and potentially cheaper going forward?
Glen Ponczak: So I don't know that, that's how we classify it. It's Glen here, Colin. The announcement that we made with Hitachi memorandum of understanding, very preliminary, an opportunity to talk with Hitachi to figure out where exactly we might go, when we might partner and collaborate. But the JV partnership with Saft, no impact on that. That's the mechanism by which we're supplying vehicles on the road today and will continue to do so. The sales that we've got in that business doesn't change by virtue of this.  This is really an expansion, a way to look maybe more broadly at different opportunities, perhaps different sort of chemistries and things. But it really is too soon to tell that. We'll know that over the course of the next couple of months.
Stephen Roell: I think that's fair. I think, Colin, maybe it would take us more -- maybe in the three- to six-month timeframe. But we'll be able to try to get more about that and what it means for the joint venture with Saft and technology going forward, okay?
Colin Rusch: And one last question about the Battery business. Are you seeing any really meaningful activity on the charging side to really get the top [indiscernible] (51:32) batteries well defined as the first models start to roll out for electric vehicles later this year?
Stephen Roell: Well, we're not heavily involved in electric vehicles and certainly not on the recharging side. I mean, I've read probably articles like you have regarding investments are being made and companies are making those investments, but that's not really where our focus is.
Operator: Our next question comes from Himanshu Patel, JP Morgan.
Himanshu Patel: A couple of questions, guys. On the European Automotive Experience, I think you said your revenues were up 8% excluding FX. Do you know what that revenue growth would have been excluding any new backlogs you would have onboarded in the quarter just so we can get a sense of how much you may be benefiting from European mix improvements?
R. McDonald: We don't, I mean, maybe, well, we can maybe take a shot at trying to calculate that, but I don't have that.
Stephen Roell: Why don't we say we do something? We'll have Glen get back to you, Himanshu. We don't have that at our fingertips.
Himanshu Patel: And then, Bruce, the $50 million engineering cost issue in here, I'm sorry, could you just clarify that? Was that a year-over-year nonrepeat of a year-ago issue or was that something that showed up this quarter?
R. McDonald: Well, it was basically lower engineering recoveries in the quarter versus last year, okay?
Himanshu Patel: So I guess I don't understand why is it considered a timing issue in terms of if you just think through sequentially, why would this be less painful, I guess, next quarter is the way I'm trying to think about it?
R. McDonald: Well, they tend to be fairly lumpy. So I think if you look at our overall engineering, roughly speaking we get about 60% of whatever we spend on engineering, in fact, through engineering recoveries. In any one quarter, however, that number could fluctuate, we'll say, 40 and 80. So what we have is just looking at it -- from a year-over-year basis, we had a quarter where very low recoveries in this quarter and more normative levels than the prior year quarter.
Himanshu Patel: So the year ago was normal? It was just depressed this quarter? Is that fair [ph] (54:01)?
R. McDonald: Yes.
Himanshu Patel: And then your backlog across all three businesses, clearly, the Asia side is ticking up a lot and the margin profile there has historically been a lot higher. What do you kind of think about the margins of the Asian business for building battery and for automotive over the next two, three years? Should we expect that to kind of have the spread that it has right now with each division's global average or is there some compression that would come over time?
R. McDonald: Well, I mean, I'll take each one separately. I would say our auto margins in Asia are higher than our segment average. They tend to be robust. And even if you sort of look at the margins of our nonconsolidated businesses, as mentioned [ph] (54:50), our ROIs, of course, is both 8% or 9%. And that's our overall average. And obviously, if only take an equity income from the Chinese pieces, you'll actually going to drive that significantly higher as we go forward. If you look at how Power Solutions right now, margins are below segment average, and that really reflects the fact that we're kind of importing batteries at a loss just to support -- to get sort of ahead of the growth. So our sales are running ahead of our installed capacity. That will go away. It'll be a headwind for us because we'll still be importing batteries in 2011. But by 2012, our Chinese margin should get up to segment average.
Stephen Roell: On the Building side, I would tell you right  now the margins on our Buildings side are higher than our norm from a global regional standpoint. And I think they'll continue to expand over time, Himanshu, as we develop a service base. But right now, I feel very good about our ability to not only grow the Asian market, but also to get further margin expansion.
Himanshu Patel: And then, Steve, I saw the Service business in BE this quarter saw a nice 11% uptick. Can you just give a little bit more color on that? Are you seeing a lot of the commercial servicing stuff that was deferred last year? is that stuff starting to come back and does this sort of start accelerating going forward?
R. McDonald: Yes, that Service business, that ticked up, Himanshu. It was really more related to the performance contracting and just the Building market of the truck base. And that's what was exceptionally strong both in the context of orders as well as revenue recognition in the quarter, okay? That's where the growth is. We're expecting to see some improvement in our Service business. We're seeing more bidding activity around what we call prime, which is direct, smaller type work that we do in conjunction through our service organization. That has not been the case. What we saw began in the last quarter has continued into this quarter. So that's the good sign there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker: I just had another question or follow-up on the auto margins, if you will. Bruce, you said earlier that the production levels in North America are about 30% to 40% of trend levels, which I would agree with. But why should we not expect margins there to significantly improve in 2011 as we get those volumes? Is it something to do with utilization and variable costs or is there something going on there?
R. McDonald: Well, Ravi, I mean, as you know, you and I have different view in terms of the outlook for North America next year. Our guidance is based on only 5%, I think that's 5% production growth next year. And in that environment, we're not looking for a big tick up in our margins. We do believe -- I guess we have the same view, though, is we're committed to delivering sort of 15% to 20% incremental profit pull-through on the industry-related growth here. And so to the extent -- you're right. Yes, I believe we'll agree with your thesis that the margin should be a lot better.
Ravi Shanker: So whenever you get to that point, you think the margins would be higher, right?
R. McDonald: Yes.
Ravi Shanker: And then on the European side, not to beat the dead horse on the engineering recovery here, but can we expect some kind of a tailwind now that you had a quarter here with a lot of your engineering costs that come in, in one quarter?
R. McDonald: Well, it definitely is a factor helping us to get to the -- when we talk about Europe margins next year being a significant improvement, that's going to be one of our factors.
Ravi Shanker: And the 3% number, if I heard you right, which was the normalized European margin this quarter, can we assume that like a trend level of margins for Europe going forward?
R. McDonald: Yes, that's probably a fair number for next year.
Ravi Shanker: And finally, when do we get an update on the dividend?
Stephen Roell: At the November meeting, what happens, Ravi, in that meeting is our Board of Directors looks at the recommendation of management. And so that meeting is scheduled, Bruce, what? The 18th?
R. McDonald: 17th.
Stephen Roell: But it's in that timeframe. So you should be hearing in November. You should be hearing something coming right out of that meeting, okay?
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Kwas of Wells Fargo Securities.
Richard Kwas: On Europe, orders up 6%. That's pretty encouraging. I think either Steve or Bruce can comment on what you're seeing there? Is that just easy comps or are you actually seeing some improvement in demand?
Stephen Roell: I'd say, Rich, we can still see that as a very challenging market for us, okay? If I had to look all the markets around the world, that's the one that still concerned us regarding just its -- it has a high dependency right now. Well, the markets that ever recovered from a construction standpoint, the existing building markets just aren't there. So I would tell you that we would hope to see growth continue like that in Europe, but I think we're going to get our growth next year from other markets beyond Europe.
R. McDonald: Yes, I'll maybe add to that, Richard. Think about our Equipment business is more heavily skewed towards Southern Europe, whereas the growth rates are still fairly lower than, say, Germany.
Richard Kwas: And then on the overall order growth of 30-plus percent, how much of that is a turn in demand in all your markets versus comparisons that are pretty favorable? And should we expect that to come down over the next couple of quarters?
Stephen Roell: I don't know if we can maintain 30%. That would be asking for a lot. But I do think that what you would -- there's two things you should take away from that one, Rich. One is the fact that we saw significant demand in booking relative to performance contracting, and the pipeline continues strong. So if I look at our pipeline, and this is a North American comment, we're still seeing good opportunities in higher end and the Federal Government. And we are also seeing strong demand for equipment. The other thing, I guess, I would tell you is that you should expect to see good demand out of the emerging markets. China and the Middle East will continue to represent strong growth markets for 2011.
Richard Kwas: And then quick last question, just big picture on M&A. You made a lighting controls acquisition earlier in the year. Are there similar-type opportunities out there where you can consolidate and do kind of a rollup?
Stephen Roell: Well, again, we don't want to do a rollup. The lighting transaction was interesting because we think it's an integral part of what we need to do and what we offer to our customers in terms of performance contracting. And what we did was we made an acquisition to get a core competency and a product, I'll call it a product, that's really more of a...
R. McDonald: Capability.
Stephen Roell: ... capability. And then we're trying to take that capability, which is located [ph] (1:02:06) up East and grow that into the Midwest. So really not a rollup, Rich. We don't really want to do that. But we do look for some capabilities that would broaden our capabilities and performance contracts specifically.
Richard Kwas: So you'll take that platform and grow it around across the country?
Stephen Roell: Yes, that's right.
Operator: Patrick Archambault  of Goldman Sachs.
Patrick Archambault: Just also following up on a couple of items from your Analyst Day. You talked about indexing your new contracts that was one of the benefits that you had sort of versus historical periods. But I think that you had also mentioned, I want to say, that the indexing was mostly with respect to steel, maybe not as much things like polypropylene or stuff that could be sort of on the plastic side. Can you tell us a little bit -- first of all, is that correct? And B, should you see an increase in natural gas and oil and have to deal with some of these costs and seeding? What's the strategy for mitigating that impact on your earning?
Stephen Roell: Patrick, first, let me just start. The indexing we have is broader than steel, okay? Maybe what I should be thinking of steel is that on steel, we actually we actually wanted to buy one of the OEs. So that takes away all of that risk, okay? But our indexing goes much beyond that. It goes into some of the other commodities you described. So again, with the exception of one OE which we're talking with, we feel we've got strong coverage of almost 90% on our major components of resin and poly and steel.
Patrick Archambault: My other follow-up was you had mentioned that either there was some -- legislation was kind of a growth driver within Building Efficiency with, I guess, stricter building rules helping increase your content. Can you just give us a little bit of a description of sort of what those regulatory timelines look like and sort of where are there most prevalent as kind of a growth driver, like in what region?
Glen Ponczak: Well, Patrick, I'll tell you what. Those sort of drivers are always helpful. But, of course, the business grows for other reasons, right, because it comes with paybacks, because it helps with sustainability. Certainly, legislation is a driver or can be a driver. There was a lot of talk certainly over the summer with the increased building standards for energy efficiency. Certainly, the specter of cap and trade kind of comes and goes. It'll be interesting to see what happens after November. I mean, that may change entirely. And I guess what I'll tell you is one of the things that I want to do is after the Election actually do an update on the legislative issue for everybody. So I think whatever I say today probably is different next week potentially. So I guess stay tuned, I guess, is the best thing that I could tell you at this point.
Stephen Roell: We can get something, too. I mean, there is legislation with -- the cap and trade, despite the fact that it stalled in the U.S., legislations move forward in Japan, Australia, the U.K. So let me see if I can go back, Patrick. I know Dave had a slide in his deck at the meeting that talk about some of those initiatives. Let me see if we could give you a little more detail, okay?
Operator: Tim Denoyer of Wolfe Trahan.
Timothy Denoyer: A question on sort of combining a couple of batteries topic. Are you talking to any OEMs in China at this point about AGM? There had been some talk about some draft legislation on Start-Stop hybrids in China.
Glen Ponczak: Tim, so it's Glen here. Yes, I mean, there was some publicity around the Chinese plan that all Start-Stop vehicles for all new production by late 2012 or 2013. It's probably unlikely they can sort of achieve that timeframe. But that has been around for a while actually. But the way that, that is structured is the OEs are going to decide what flavor of AGM or, sorry, what flavor of Start-Stop might be. And some of that will likely be AGM because it has some advantages. But I guess at this point, it's really more in a wait-and-see mode. I mean, we've got contact certainly with the OEs where we provide batteries to them. But really, it's sort of too soon to call here at this point.
Stephen Roell: I think the only thing we have to watch, Tim, is the fact that some of those customers I mentioned to you earlier, the European OEs, are going to want to bring AGM into that marketplace for products that produce them. So we're anticipating we're going to have to provide AGM Start-Stop applications, if nothing else, for those customers.
Timothy Denoyer: And so that would be part of the capacity expansion on AGM that's going on in Europe? Is that 7 million units of capacity that you said you're talking at some point this year?
Stephen Roell: Yes, that's right.
Timothy Denoyer: And can you give us a sense of when do you expect that capacity to come online?
R. McDonald: Yes, just to be clear. Of the amount of capacity that we authorized in our going forward , it does not all come online this year. We can get back to you with that flow chart, I think, how that's sort of flows, Tim. I believe we don't get to that run rate until late 2012.
Timothy Denoyer: And then one follow-up on European production trends just the last couple of months. Certainly, the sales have pulled back a little bit. The Euro strengthened. Exports have been a real driver there. Have you seen any pullback in European production? You said you expect it to go up through the year and be flattish for the full year. Can you give us a sense of how those things have been going just in recent weeks?
R. McDonald: I would say we're seeing the things that you just said. Export volumes are high. I would say probably unique to us is just because we've had so much launch activity over in Europe, if you look at the mix of our business that's new vehicles in the marketplace, our platforms are tending to gain share. So I think that's part of the drivers as to why we're outperforming the market here. But generally speaking, as we look into this quarter, our schedules are holding up pretty good and we feel good about both North American and the European outlook here and certainly as we get into our first fiscal quarter.
Operator: Our last question comes from Michael Coleman, Sterne Agee.
Michael Coleman: You've touched on this a little bit. But I was wondering if we could quantify the breakdown in global orders up 32% between equipment and services. And then kind of looking at just North America up 31%, if you could maybe break that down between technical services, energy solutions, et cetera?
Stephen Roell: Mike, we've just never provided that level of detail, nor do our competitors. So we're a little concerned about that. I think we just try to give you directionally where things are headed. I will tell you that what did really strike us in the quarter that we haven't talked about is the strong demand for equipment, small and large chillers. Our demand globally was up 20% in the quarter. That was unusual because if you look at it on a year-to-date basis, that's not the case. So I would just tell you that from an equipment standpoint, we saw exceptional demand out of all markets, including Europe, on small and large chillers in the quarter, okay? I'd give you that piece. But again, the other primary driver, though, that really was strong was the premise contracting, what we call energy service work. That's really where a lot of the growth year-over-year on orders came through, okay?
Michael Coleman: In the situation where you've seen a fair amount of deferral work over the last year, is that starting to change then?
Stephen Roell: Well, the way we see that is what we call prime contracts. It's really where our Service business actually gets an opportunity to bid on small retrofit projects on their clients. And that's been ticking up for about the last four months. That's the area that really we noticed where deferral was taking place on small, what we call retrofit or repair-type work. Maintenance, we saw maintenance usually flows with weather. So we saw a pickup in demand on truck base work in the warm August period. But that didn't continue into September.
Stephen Roell: So with that, let me go ahead and close the meeting real quickly here. Just a couple of comments. We feel good about our momentum again heading into 2011. As I indicated at the Analyst Meeting in New York, this is the time when we're accelerating our investments both from the standpoint of our capital investment as well as our capacity in terms of our sales force and our product development. We're doing that ahead of the growth in our markets. We think that we could take advantage of those opportunities and gain share. So our investment strategy is really geared at what we do in the next four to five years. We think we're well positioned to deliver record earnings in 2011 and more importantly to sustain profitable growth over the longer term. And with that, thank you very much for participating and the questions which you brought to us today. Take care.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-07-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the call over to Glen Ponczak. Thank you, sir, and you may begin.
Glen Ponczak: Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us. I am here today with Steve Roell, who is our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, as you know, who will be providing an overview of our markets and a little bit about the quarter; Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will go in more detail in business results and to perform a financial review. And then that would be followed by some questions and answers concluding right around noon, if it goes that long. And before we start, I'd like to remind you of our forward-looking statement. Johnson Controls had made forward-looking statements in this presentation pertaining to its financial results for fiscal 2010 and beyond that are based on preliminary data, and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates or forecasts. For those statements, the company cautions that numerous important factors, such as automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy prices, the strength of the U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellation of/or changes to commercial contracts, changes in the levels or timing of investments in commercial buildings, the  ability to execute on restructuring actions according to anticipated timelines and costs, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of the company's most recent Form 10-K filing, could affect the company's actual results and could cause its actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by or on behalf of the company. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Stephen Roell: Well, thank you, Glen, and good morning. As you saw in our press release that we issued earlier today, we had a good quarter, aided by a combination of recovering markets and market share gains. So let me just go through a couple of the highlights. We were able to capitalize on the recovery of the global automotive industry in both of the Automotive Experience and Power Solution businesses. That was also further benefited by the fact that we just had strong aftermarket demand from our Battery business. That combination then drove our sales growth to 22% in the quarter. We also saw strong growth in our new orders in our Building Efficiency business. It was led by a 50% growth in North America and 70% growth in Asia, the Middle East and South America. I would continue to see weakness in Europe and that, in fact, the demand there was actually, less than a year ago. And so that's what resulted in the net 9% growth in orders for our entire sector. Our Building Efficiency backlog at $4.4 billion was up 1% over last year. Again, most regions were up 4% to 7% with the exception being Europe. We feel good though about the demand that we saw particularly, around the orders that came through and the backlog that was built up in our Solutions business. Across our businesses, we see good growth opportunities, continuing in the emerging markets, and we believe we are extentially [extensively] well positioned to take advantage of those regions. The restructuring actions that we initiated in 2008 and 2009 continued to yield significant benefits for us. The strong cash flow continued in the quarter and for the first nine months, as a result of very strong balance sheet, and that will provide us with the opportunity and the ability to consider investments that will accelerate our growth over the next 12 months. So now just turning to the numbers themselves, our sales of $8.5 billion compared to last year's $7 billion, up 22%. If you adjust that for foreign exchange, the number actually improves to 23%. We had good growth in income, as I mentioned earlier. Our segment income of $496 million was up compared to $282 million in Q3 of 2009. Our net income of $367 million was up from $154 million a year ago, and that resulted in earnings per share of $0.54 compared to $0.25 in Q3 of 2009. And just a couple of comments about that. We did highlight the fact that the impact of currencies, primarily the euro, was $10 million negative impact in the quarter on our earnings, and we had a non-cash impairment charge on our Automotive Experience Japanese business of $11 million. Those two items contributed roughly to about a 3% impact in the quarter, just to give you a sense of that. Up on the right hand side of the exhibit that you might be looking at, we also talked about tax items, non-recurring tax items. We have highlighted the fact that we expected to have those to hit us in Q3 and Q4, both are positive, I should mention. In the current quarter, it was $51 million or roughly a $0.07 per share impact. And at Q4, we haven't sized that, but we recognized at this point, that there will also be a positive impact in Q4 from some valuation reserve releases probably. The point is that neither one of those are included in the guidance that we provided. We just want to make sure that, that was clear. I want to now spend just some time talking about our investing. And this really is not so much a third quarter discussion, but just sort of the progress we're making and some of the things that we're doing, investments we're making both from a capital perspective, from an M&A perspective, as well as some joint ventures. These are all investments that are going to pay off in future periods. And I thought I'd spend some time just highlighting that by business. First of all, turning to Power Solutions. Our Mexican plant launch is continuing on plan. We had a slight delay due to some damage to an access road to our facility. But the point is that, that is nearing completion. Production will start in Q1 of 2011.  In South Carolina, we now have received all the necessary permits. Construction, we think, will begin shortly. We're targeting June 2012 for that launch. Both of these are expected to have a significant impact on our margins as we go forward. Those of you that attended our CleanTech Day will recall we spent a lot of time talking about AGM batteries and Start-Stop vehicles. At this point in time, if you recall what those are, we sometimes reported those as micro-hybrids. We have some industry forecasts that predicted that more than 60% of all vehicles made in Europe by mid-decade will use the Start-Stop technology. It's about a 5% to 7% fuel efficiency gain without a lot of complexity and the cost of electrification of the drive frame. Currently, we have about 70% market share of all AGM battery. We're increasing our capacity in Europe. And I would just simply tell you that as we look at adding lines, we are sold out already. So it's going to be a continuing investment, well, at first, probably over the next three years. From a geographic expansion standpoint, we've talked about the fact that we are looking at and started our construction of a second plant in China. We're also currently looking at where to locate our next facility in the Chengdu Western province. We earlier had talked when we met with you, I think, most of the analysts that -- it's probable that we'll be adding a plant per year in China as we build to roughly, a 30 million unit capacity in that marketplace. Today, we also announced the fact that we acquired 90% of the joint venture that we've been in since the acquisition of Delphi back in 2005. It's located in Seoul, South Korea. The other 10%, just for clarification, will be acquired by the local management team. It's a business that we've owned 50%. We've never consolidated it because we didn't have the control aspects of the governance aspect. We would now be consolidating. Sales will be roughly $250 million to $260 million per year. If you'll also see in the press release, we highlight the fact that we're going to be expanding our capacity of that facility as well. The transaction will be completed no later than August 15. The Delkor brand is strong and well-respected throughout Asia. The acquisition further represents our commitment to local manufacturing presence and growth in China, and was located in Korea. Only roughly a third of the current capacity is used or the Korean market. The rest of it is for Southeast Asia and exports to China. So we just want to give you some sense for what that is. But there's a separate press release that has a lot more detail on that transaction. And as a final note, just to highlight, in terms of our lithium-ion vehicle batteries in Holland, Michigan. The battery assembly launch will again be in Q1 of 2011, and our cell production will launch later in that year. Turning to Automotive Experience, just to highlight, we've talked about our presence in the Chinese market. In Automotive, we have over 40 plants today. We expect to add another 12 (sic) [10] manufacturing plants in the next 12 months. Our sales in 2010, just to refresh your memory, were approximately $3 billion, up from $1.9 billion. Majority of that, of course, is unconsolidated. But we just wanted to identify the fact that we continue to see the strong demand, strong growth, and we continue to penetrate the market in China. We also made a small equity investment in a company called Tachi-S. Tachi-S is a Japanese seating supplier. It's a company that we've competed against. It's a company that we've partnered with, going back to the 1980s. It's a symbolic investment. It's not a very large investment, the contract is also 5% of their equity. So we believe the combination of Tachi-S' engineering, talent, relationships with a couple of the Japanese OEs complying with our footprint, will offer some opportunities to provide global programs for a number of the OEs who have approached us and suggested that we do exactly what we've done here. Just on Building Efficiency, we talked about some of the investments we've been making to improve our delivery efficiency and profitability. We did and had been launching a system called NexGen, which is basically a scheduling, dispatching -- how we manage our logistics in that business. In Q3, there was a $15 million investments, and that's not capital. That $15 million relates directly to P&L. So some of you have talked about the margin pressures and the margins disappointment in BE in the quarter. I just like to point out again that there was a $15 million P&L investment related to the NexGen service technology delivery system, and that's not a surprise to us. That's what we expected to spend in this quarter. We also looked to, as we talked, to the CleanTech data, we had shared our headquarters. We talked about the growth opportunities that we see over the near-term. And we identified the fact that we'll be hiring roughly 17,000 new positions over the next five years. That's roughly 1,000 energy engineers, 1,000 technicians that have LEED certification and 15,000 field service technicians. And so I would just tell you that we're hiring engineers in every aspect of our business today, whether it be our Service business, our lighting applications, our Solutions business. We're right now adding engineers to our workforce. In terms of 2010 guidance, let me turn to that for a second. We had guided to the $1.90, $1.95 range. We've now come out in our press release and confirmed that we will be at the higher range and that we expect that our earnings for the full 2010 fiscal year to be $1.95. We've also identified the fact, of course, that we did see higher automotive production in North America. That's been offset by two things, primarily the euro, then some of the accelerated investments and expense decisions that we've made. From a Building Efficiency standpoint, the markets are slowly improving. We see, as we've mentioned, the improving backlog, higher orders. Those orders and backlog will benefit primarily fiscal 2011. We see strong demand in energy efficiency solutions, and that's really where a lot of our demand came from in the most recent quarter. We see continued double-digit growth in GWS and residential HVAC. When we're able to, we'll describe a couple more large contracts that we've recently been awarded in GWS as soon as those customers allow us to describe those in more detail. And as I mentioned earlier, we still have continuing strong momentum in most of the emerging markets. Just a comment, on the very bottom, if you're following with the slides, there's a reference to our 2011 strategic review and forecast. We've identified that on October 12, we'll be having our outlook for 2011. It will be held at the New York Stock Exchange. What I'd ask you to do is we'll be sending out save-the-date notes to you shortly. Those will be coming to you in August, and there will be more details in early September. For those of you that aren't familiar with that, that's the timeframe when we typically provide the detailed guidance into a defragment or our businesses with our Presidents, Bruce and myself. And so we're looking forward to that. And that's sort of the '10 outlook. I'm going to turn over to Bruce, who will go through the businesses' performance in the quarter, and also go through the financial results. Bruce?
R. McDonald: Thanks, Steve. Let me start here with Automotive, delivered another solid quarter here, with good results in all the geographic segments. If you just look at each one individually here, North America, we saw sales up 76%. That's against the production increase of about 74%. So again, outperforming the industry, which is the theme that we've been talking about all year. In terms of Europe, if you back out currency, sales are up 25%. And that's versus an estimated decline in new vehicle registration of about 8%. And lastly, in Asia, which for us, is predominantly Korea and Japan, because these are consolidated businesses, our sales were up 61%, reflecting several new vehicle launches in both those countries. And as we noted before, in China, our sales are up 40% in the quarter to $774 million. And our sort of estimates that we're getting in terms of industry sales in China were up about 30%. So again, outperformance in the quarter, which really reflects share gain and some of the focus that we've had on the local Chinese customers. In terms of segment income, we had $171 million versus a loss of $14 million last year. We feel good about our profit conversion rate on incremental sales, and we're now clearly seeing the benefit of our restructuring activities. In terms of the Chinese top line growth, that, as you know, is being reflected in significantly higher equity income. It benefits the segment. You'll see that when we go through the financial results later on here. In terms of the geographic margins, we've noted them in the box here. A couple of questions, I've seen the early notes about the North American margins. Maybe just a couple of points on that. I mean, generally speaking, our performance in the quarter in North America was better than we expected. If you just look at the sequential decline from Q2 to Q3 here, no real big issues, but a lot of minor issues. Say, first, I'd point to maybe the timing of some customer recoveries and the fact that with higher engineering costs in the quarter. Secondly, we had some small work stoppages in Mexico, which caused some production inefficiencies. And we also relocated our accounting and back office processing out of North America into Europe. That's going to be a cost savings for us as we go forward, although a small cost in the quarter. I'd also remind the folks listening that this quarter, our sales were inflated by the Vistion plants that we acquired, that service Chrysler. That was about 1/3 of the sales increase in North America, and the cost of integrating those plants was a slight hit to us in the quarter. So those are really the drivers behind the Q2 to Q3 financial performance in North America. But as I said earlier, our North American results continue to come in better than we expected, and we feel very good about the turnaround in that business and the fact that we've maintained our break-even level at an extremely low phase. In terms of our overall results here, as I said before, we did have significantly higher engineering costs and launch costs versus last year. That was worth about $42 million in the quarter, or roughly $0.05 a share. We've talked in our previous calls about some of the inefficiencies and supplier disruptions and stressed supplier costs in North America and the fact that we expected those to trend down. For the quarter, that was about a $10 million headwind for us. That's down from $25 million in Q2. We expect those three largely behind us here as we end the year here. And I know Steve talked about earlier, we did take a non-cash charge of $11 million in our Japanese Automotive operations. That's really associated with some footprint actions that we've got planned in the early part of 2011. Turning to Building Efficiency, you can see our sales. When you take away the rounding here, we're up about 2%. Currencies for Building Efficiency really wasn't a factor, it was worth about 1%. Our markets, as Steve indicated, beginning to improve and we saw good order activity, particularly at the back part of the quarter. In terms of the businesses that don't flow through the backlog, and that's Global WorkPlace Solutions and our North American Residential business, those businesses were up 11% and 7%, respectively. And we also saw some good performance in terms of revenue from outside North America and Europe, where we experienced revenue growth of about 8% in the quarter if you take out foreign exchange. In terms of North America, overall, and I'm talking about both our Systems and Service business, our revenues were down about 3%. But the positive thing here is really our order performance. In the quarter, we saw 15% order improvement in North America. So this being a late-cycle business, it's going to be two or three quarters from now. That really points to a pickup here, as we get into 2011. The other thing I noticed, our Service business was negatively impacted by a slow start to the summer cooling season. We typically see this monthly sequential pickup in our service activity here in the third quarter. May and the first part of June, were particularly soft -- I'm sorry, April and May were particularly soft. June, we finished strong, and we see good momentum as we get in here to July. So I think, our Service business, we should start to see some tailwind here associated with the weather. Lastly, in terms of ARRA, we didn't really comment on that here on the slide, but I thought maybe I'd update the audience. We booked about $178 million in the quarter, and that's up 24% from the $143 million that we booked in Q2. In total, our ARRA orders to date, and I'm talking since the program started here, about $430 million. Lastly, in terms of Europe, this remains our most challenging market for the quarter. You can see here that sales were down 7% if you back out the impact of foreign currency. In terms of segment income, we were level at $190 million versus last year. Here we saw the positive impact of some of the higher volumes and productivity improvements, offset with some of the investments we're making like NexGen, the higher systems selling investments and a negative impact in terms of the higher-margin Service business that was slow flowing through in the quarter. In terms of our backlog, it was up about 1% on a year-over-year basis, and I think the key point here, we've talked a little about some of the verticals, but the key point here is this is the first time since March of '09 that we've seen our backlog improve. And that's were driven by the momentum that we're seeing in the order intake activity. In terms of Power Solutions, we had a great quarter here. Sales were up 30%. Although if you back out the impact of LEED, about 16%. You can see here unit volumes were up about 15%, overall, with aftermarket being up 9% and the OE up 36%. Within our numbers, we did start shipping the incremental Wal-Mart volume. That came through just in the month of June, and it wasn't even a percentage point. So we do have some volume flowing through. That incremental business is growing as we expected. But it really hasn't had a much of a positive impact in terms of our financial performance yet. We expect that to accelerate here in Q4. And in Q1, will sort of really hit our stride and be at the full 5.3 million annualized units of incremental volume. In terms of our segment income, at $135 million, really, we're getting the benefit here of higher volumes and stronger operational performance. And I'd also like to point out, if you look at the prior year, we had some charges in the prior year that obviously didn't reoccur. Maybe now I can just turn over to the financials. And here I think, overall, yes, we feel pretty good about the quarter. It's a pretty good number. We saw sales growth at 22% to $8.5 billion, as Steve indicated earlier, foreign exchange worth about 1 point. If you back that out, it was 23%. Good, obviously, stronger higher volume growth in all three of the businesses. And in Building Efficiency, we're clearly bouncing off the bottom here. Nice performance on the margin side. You can see our gross profit here was 15.7%, about an 80 basis points worth improvement versus the last year. Here, you're really seeing the benefit of both better capacity utilization and manufacturing operation, as well as the positive impact of our restructuring actions. In terms of equity income, you can see an increase of $22 million versus last year. Here, again, we continue to see the strength of our Chinese automotive joint ventures. The other benefit that we're seeing are some of the equity accounted investments that we have in our Automotive segment. In terms of maybe flipping the page to the financing income, you'll see that our financing charges declined from $65 million to $39 million. That really reflects the conversion of our convertible debt. That's worth about $20 million of the reduction. And from an EPS point of view, that was added back to the prior year. So we really don't get year-over-year benefit for $20 million of the financing charges. We have a higher share count this year, and we don't have the add back that we had the year before. In terms of our tax provision, we came in at a clean rate of 18% for the quarter, which is comparable to the level that we had last year. And then lastly, maybe I'll just spend a bit of time talking about our guidance in a little bit more detail. Steve indicated earlier, we're guiding to the $1.95 at the high-end of our previous range. So from a revenue point of view, we're leaving it unchanged. But that really is offsetting a couple of different factors. One, we're taking the North American vehicle build up assumption in line with CSM 11.4 million, but offsetting that, we've got a slightly weaker euro here of $1.30. In terms of Building Efficiency, we're trimming our sales growth here a little bit from 5% to a range of 3% to 5%. That's really the impact of the euro and largely the late start to the cooling season that we saw in Q3. Our Q4 outlook for Building Efficiency is consistent with what we thought last year. So most of that shortfalls behind us are attributed to the euro. In terms of EPS, at $1.95, we see good conversion on the incremental sales growth. The euro's hitting us for $0.03 or $0.04. And we are ramping up some of our investments, particularly in engineering and sales force to get ready for next year. So we feel comfortable with the revenue flows in Building Efficiency. But we want to get ahead of the hiring curve here. So we are going to bring some cost into the fourth quarter, reflecting our confidence in the outlook here. In terms of segment margin, overall, they're unchanged. But we've ticked up Automotive to 3.6% to 3.7% and ticked down BE to 5.2% to 5.4%. But overall, the margin's going to be unchanged. Net financing charges, a little bit lower here, and that's really reflecting slightly better timing of cash flow, but ongoing very low short-term rates. And for the year, we continue to expect and exit the year with a very strong balance sheet. Free cash flow forecast is $1.3 billion, and our net debt to total capitalization is going to be both unchanged below 20%. Maybe the other point I'd just like to make out is it doesn't really shock our cash flow. We don't talk about it too much. We are taking of the opportunity here to accelerate some of our pension funding and that kind of flows through on our working capital statistics. But if you look on a year-to-date basis, we've contributed about $225 million over and above what we're sort of required to increase the funding of our plants, as primarily in the U.S., and it shows through as a use of cash in the working capital section, as we build our prepaid pension asset. So with that, I think we'll turn it back to [indiscernible] have questions.
Stephen Roell: We're ready for questions, operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Tim Denoyer from Wolfe Trahan.
Timothy Denoyer: Can you give a little more detail on the AE Japan impairment? What exactly was happening there?
R. McDonald: We're actually just doing some moving around of some administrative facilities, and it was charge to write down the value of an office building.
Timothy Denoyer: So just barely one-time kind of charge?
R. McDonald: Definitely.
Timothy Denoyer: You mentioned small work stoppages Mexico in the quarter. Can you give a little bit more color on what happened there, and if those are ongoing?
Stephen Roell: I guess, there were two really. One had to with a facility in Pueblo (sic) [Puebla], and that was a labor issue, which has been resolved. The second one, I think, has to do with some of the weather issues that we incurred on the Monterrey area, it's where the Hurricane Alice went through. We lost some production there. But those are the only two, and we don't expect those again obviously, to repeat.
Timothy Denoyer: Did some of the weather-related issues go into fiscal fourth quarter?
Stephen Roell: No, not really.
Timothy Denoyer: Wasn't the hurricane on June 30?
Stephen Roell: I guess, if I had to say it, if they carry on, they weren't significant, okay?
Operator: Our next question comes from Ravi Shanker from Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker: Bruce, you've mentioned that there were a few one-time issues that depressed margins in North America on the Auto side. And surely, your variable margin in the quarter was much lower than 2Q. Can you just give us a sense of how that sort of look in forthcoming quarters? Do we expect a normalization there?
R. McDonald: Well, yes. I think, one of the things that's obviously, tough to forecast is the timing of some customer recoveries in engineering. And right now, we're going through a period where we're trying to read -- we're investing incremental dollars in our engineering expenditures to try and build up our backlog. We've been very successful. And I think in the previous call, we've talked about the fact that our current backlog is looking significantly higher than the one that we talked about last year. But we are dedicating more engineering resources to bring in incremental work.
Ravi Shanker: And so that looks like they're going to continue for a few quarters more.
R. McDonald: Well, again, like I sort of rattled off a few things in terms of engineering recoveries, the customer settlement, those types of things are hard to forecast, so I wouldn't necessarily say those are indicative of a trend. Things like the Mexico work stoppage, moving some of our back office stuff to Eastern Europe and the integration of the Visteon plants are things that are, I would say, behind us.
Stephen Roell: Ravi, this is Steve. Just a comment, I think that it gets very difficult at this time of the year to do sequential quarter-over-quarter in Automotive, in particular. We have shutdown periods that we experienced in July and August. And I know it's hard to do comparisons against the prior year because the production levels were so much lower. But what you should expect from us in year-over-year comparisons are the conversion rates that we've talked about and the ability to bring as 15% up to as much as a 20% conversion on the sales dollars that we get. That's probably the most significant thing I would tell you. I don't think we'll see the higher engineering costs -- and Bruce talked about the recoveries. We had a tough comparison against the prior year in this quarter. That's the way I would describe that. So I don't expect to see that issue. And launch costs are there, but that's just a part of the fact we got a growing backlog, and we have launch costs.
Ravi Shanker: On the Building Efficiency side, you took down your forecast of the year of 3% to 5% versus 5% before. But the midpoint of that range still implies a pretty strong 4Q. Can you talk about some of the trends you're seeing out there that gives you confidence that 4Q is going to be that much stronger?
R. McDonald: It's really driven by -- in terms of our ability to forecast the short term, it's the flow of the work that we have in our backlog, so we have pretty good visibility for that. I think we're very confident in terms of Q4 that we're going to see double digit. On a constant-currency basis here, we're going to see double digit both growth in income top line and bottom line growth.
Ravi Shanker: And just finally, can you comment on your relationship with Ford on the hybrid battery side? We saw an announcement from Ford that they're going with LG for the electric focus. I don't know if you guys had that or not, but where do you see that going forward?
Glen Ponczak: It's Glen here. I think that our relationship with Ford is for the plug-in that's launching in 2012. And we also do have an electric vehicle with the Ford Transit Connect launches here soon. But I think when you look at what the OEs are doing in general and not just Ford, but in general, that I think you'll see them still in a phase here where they're trying to test various technologies and test different suppliers. And they're often using it, seems EVs, pure electric vehicles, which have smaller volume, as sort of a, less risky way of, sort of, getting a different taste for different things. So I wouldn't classify the announcement regarding LG as sort of change in [indiscernible]. They're trying different things and that's probably going to continue for quite some time.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Murphy from Bank of America.
John Murphy: I had a question on margins in the Battery business. Obviously, as you guys go through an increased level of usage of your recycled lead, you're talking about margins expanding. Obviously, there's a lot of variability around these margins. I'm just trying to understand where you think those margins might settle in, and you're alluding to them improving. We saw 12.2% in this quarter. We've been seeing as high as 17.5%, about a year and a half ago. Just wondering where we should think about those margins going forward as you ramp that recycling?
Stephen Roell: John, just so you understand, it's not so much that recycling that's causing that variation. What's causing that variation is the volatility of lead pricing, and the fact that, as lead goes up or down, it hits our top line. But we've said that with our hedging strategies and our recycling, we're able to minimize that, and therefore, profitability, it doesn't really have that same volatile nature to it, okay? It's really that factor that caused that volatility between 12% and 17%.
R. McDonald: But on a constant lead basis here, John, what we've said is that when the two smelters come online here, that's worth about 200 to 250 basis points of margin expansion.
Stephen Roell: From whatever base...
John Murphy: That's what I was getting at. I understand the variability from the spot market. Just trying to understand what base we should be thinking of for that 250 basis-point improvement?
Stephen Roell: That's tough because you have to make an assumption regarding lead. I think the important thing is -- but I understand your point. I think if you could just take our earnings this year, and just say, for the segment and use that 250, you're okay.
John Murphy: And then on Slide 9, the commercial backlog increasing 1%, that's a good thing. You alluded to the Government, Healthcare and Energy Solutions segments as strong and Education is weaker or lower. Is there a lot of dispersion? Obviously, a 1% increase is good, but it's small. Is there a lot of dispersion in those categories and are there any that are extreme positive or extreme negative in the commercial backlog?
Stephen Roell: Yes, there are. If I were to look at the government sectors, an example right now, you would find something north of 25%. And that's not just federal, that's state and local as well. You'd see double digit if Healthcare, and you would see double digit in Energy Solutions. The weakness in Education is about 7% down year-over-year, and it's a combination of both higher ed and K-12.
John Murphy: Lastly on the accelerated pension contributions, is that taking advantage of market weakness? What's the purpose for accelerating those pension contributions?
R. McDonald: We're just trying to use some of our cash to address what our shortfall was. So if you go back and look at last year's K, globally, our pensions are underfunded, about $1.1 billion, about $600 million of that is in the U.S. And what we've decided to do here is given our -- we've got a good strong cash flows and our balance sheet's significantly under leveraged. We're using some of that money to build that shortfall.
John Murphy: And it's purely discretionary at this point?
R. McDonald: Yes, our mandatory payments are zero. We've overcontributed.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ceraso from Crdit Suisse.
Christopher Ceraso: I have a question on the outlook and the guidance in the Building business. I guess, what I worry about is that things continue to be a little bit slow in the macro environment, and you have to bring down your expectation for sales and margin again and then again after that. Is there an argument to be made that you'd just bring the expectations down more meaningfully, allow for room for the economy to worsen and then maybe do better than expected, rather than trying to, sort of, keep a strong outlook here?
Stephen Roell: Let me try to sort out what I just heard here. I guess I would tell you that if you read the information from Global Insight and Words [ph], you'd get -- concerned about just the new construction environment. But if you look at what we see in terms of the opportunities at energy, GWS, what we can do in some of the existing retrofit areas, that's why we're confident to add work force. So while we've taken near-term guidance down, I guess, I would say that we're feeling more and more bullish about the outlook for the next 2, 3 years, and that's why we're so committed in adding to our sales force in all the areas. We think we need to build up capability, not contract, particularly around the Energy Services area. That's where we're adding [indiscernible] retrofit, that's why we did the lighting acquisition. That's why we'll continue to look for solutions salesman that can do that. I'm not sure I'm getting your point, but we're pretty bullish about what we think the future is. Just the near term, people are still being cautious. Small business still is not investing. They're not able to access funding. And so it's a little -- there are bumps on the road here. But we think over the long term, that the energy efficiency side of it, the equation of saving money is going to win, and we feel good about that.
Christopher Ceraso: So the reduction to both the revenue and the margin, was that primarily the late start to the cooling season? Or what were the contributing factors there?
R. McDonald: It was that, Chris, and a little bit of the euro.
Stephen Roell: Chris, I'd also tell you that we probably have made; a conscious decision to make accelerate investments in our sales force from what we had. We go through our strategic planning with our organizations in the April through July timeframe. And as we went through that, we gained more confidence, and as we've gone through and developed our profit plans for '11, we've decided to go ahead and accelerate some of those investments.
Christopher Ceraso: You outlined earlier on the call a number of investment areas. There's no real big hits though, and judging from where your balance sheet stands versus history and when you've done big deals, it would seem that you've certainly got the capacity to do a bigger deal. So the question is do you have anything of size that's brewing in the next 3 to 6 months? And are you still looking at all three business lines, as you typically do?
Stephen Roell: We are looking at all three business lines. Again, as I've indicated in the past, I think the majority of our CapEx will be targeted at our Power Solutions business in the near term because of the vertical integration that we're doing and the expansion in China. And on the M&A side, it is all three businesses, but there's nothing we could describe. We're not far enough along in any deal discussion to really describe anything to you at this stage.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Langan from UBS.
Colin Langan: Can you give an update of the -- I think in the past, you've given an outline of the stimulus, the U.S. stimulus plan being about a $10 billion opportunity? How is that still look like, it's like a $10 billion opportunity and is the size of the -- do you still think that's going to be a help going forward or is it a little disappointing so far?
R. McDonald: Colin, it's Bruce here. I think when we originally sized up the opportunity here, we said that the amount of -- our fair share was maybe $3 billion. That was, kind of, the number that we talked about. And we said that we felt that was something that we could maybe go after over the next two, two and a half years. And as we look at the, sort of, bucket of that, we're feeling pretty good in terms of the amount of suspending that's happening at the government level, but a big chunk was due to the educational market, and that's where we've really seeing slow slugging, I think. I mean, that's, kind of, the best way to look at it is, so far, as I've said, we've booked about $430 million of orders. Under that program, we originally sized the opportunity at $3 billion. For sure, it'd be fair to say, it's come in lower and slower than we had originally thought. But I guess, you said, we don't really have a current view as to how big the $3 billion is. I guess we're still hopeful that we'll start to see some flow in the educational side. But what gets difficult for us is while on the ARRA side, education is flowing slow, as Steve indicated before, the education market, in the earlier part of the year was strong, and now it's turned weak again. It's a tough market to get a read on.
Stephen Roell: If I can just make a comment, I think it's the education, which is were -- if you recall, we had the opportunity that we targeted was identified. And up to this call, I've identified the fact that we weren't seeing the education orders or business flow through the ARRA program, but we were seeing good demand otherwise. So just to give you a sense for it, even though our orders were down this quarter, year-to-date, we're up 5% and 10% year-to-date after nine months on education, and our pipelines are still good. So I think that two things have happened: One is that school boards have made the decision to find other traditional ways to finance some of the work that we would thought would go through ARRA. And I think that arguably some of the ARRA money has been basically devoted to operating budgets, just to meet and retain future. So it's a combination of both.
Colin Langan: Why not exclude as a one-time charge, the impairments as you did with the tax benefits? But minority interest was down a bit sequentially, is there any reason that should be -- is that seasonally low or why such a low number relative to Q2?
R. McDonald: It had to do with some launch and cost in one of our North American Automotive joint venture. So what that means is our consolidated joint venture made less money, right? So you can say we benefited from that, if you just look at that line. But overall, we lost because we have a bigger negative up above in the segment income. But it wasn't -- there are some quarterly issues, they're non-recurring.
Colin Langan: So that's just, kind of, return to as...
R. McDonald: You should see a tick-up here in the fourth quarter and definitely next year.
Colin Langan: And the impairment, anything about it that would...
R. McDonald: I think what we're trying to do here is get away from -- I think we're going to be transparent in terms of when we have these types of costs. But we want to get away from pulling out of all these things and saying, "Look, this is just for this and just for that." Here's, kind of, what the underlying numbers are. We're going to be transparent [ph] when we have them, both good and bad, but we want to, sort of, steer away from a lot of non-GAAP adjustments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Kwa (sic) [Rich Kwas] from Wells Fargo Securities.
Richard Kwas: Question on commercial HVAC, if you listen to UTX and some others, it seems like second quarter, there's actually an uptick in commercial HVAC. What are you seeing on that front? Was it positive for you in the quarter?
R. McDonald: We're seeing good demand in the rest of the world and certainly, recovery, Rich. I think I would also tell you though that I haven't looked at all the numbers from UT and I certainly haven't had the chance to look at trains' numbers yet this morning or Ingersoll Rand's. I would tell you that the equipment market recovers faster than others. The controls in the big projects are ones that have probably lagged and they probably hold up better because they're in the pipeline for a long time. But it's difficult for me to comment on HVAC and other parts of the competitors' data at this point in time. I don't have the data that I need to be able to answer your question, number one, but number two, I think we also have to look at what happened a year ago in terms of year-over-year comparisons.
Stephen Roell: As I said, which in our numbers, the North America, our orders were up 15% in the quarter. In Europe, they were down 14% and in the rest of the world, they're up 17%. If you, sort of, average that out, that's the plus 9% that we've talked about here. I think from the headlines that I've seen, I think those numbers stack up pretty well.
Richard Kwas: I was just trying to compare and contrast there.
Stephen Roell: The problem that we've got, Richard, is twofold. One is our volume's helped by the amount of work we do in the Solutions area. And the competitors that you're looking at -- some of their numbers include everything they do from refrigeration on and off, and so it's really hard.
Richard Kwas: The $15 million cost for the Information Technology improvement, does that come off here in the fourth quarter? Do we get any impact there, Bruce, in the next year?
R. McDonald: Yes, we finished the implementation. So it's been a, sort of, headwind for us for the first three quarters of this year is now behind us. So we'll see in Q4, a big pickup in our service margins because we don't have the cost, and the benefits are accelerating from making those investments.
Richard Kwas: So that's why in terms of the double-digit growth and operating income for the fourth quarter, that's part of the reason there?
R. McDonald: Service margins are a big driver of that.
Richard Kwas: And then lastly, in terms of the Auto North America, I know you listed a bunch of things there. Could you quantify the impact in terms of basis points?
R. McDonald: Basis points of those things?
Richard Kwas: Yes or dollars.
R. McDonald: Well, let me start with -- on the sales side, so about 1/3 of the sales growth, Q2 to Q3 is due to us bringing on the Visteon plants that we acquired. And that was -- I'm not going to comment on the numbers, but that was at a negative, okay? And then if you just look at engineering, customer recoveries, the cost of moving some of our back office next year to Europe, the work stoppages etc., it's north of $20 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rod Lache from Deutsche Bank.
Rod Lache: A couple of questions on the Building Efficiency business first. Could you just remind us what percentage of the business is government now, including state and local and K through 12 schools? Also, on the ARRA comments, are you anticipating that, that business is likely to be higher in 2011 versus 2010? And then lastly, on that unit, what was the total investment in these efficiency programs that you highlighted? And any thoughts on the payback?
R. McDonald: I'll take the third part of that question, so we can formulate our answer on the other two. The cost of that investment, Steve talked about, the NexGen, so it's sort of automating the service tech work and provides us with root planning, better pricing information, things like that. In the quarter, the cost was $15 million, on a year-to-date basis, we probably spent close to $50 million on it. And licensing [ph] before that's done. I'm not going to get into what the benefits are exactly, but I mean, it's an attractive investment for us, and we expect it to be additive to our margins. It proves the productivity of our field personnel and it also helps us get -- a big driver of it is helping us get more accurate and shorter invoicing times. So a big part of the benefit is going to come from the working capital side.
Stephen Roell: Let me try to get the other two. I guess the only thing I would tell you in addition to what Bruce describes in NexGen, the other thing we're doing in terms of sales force is try and ensure that we have double-digit growth in our Service and Solutions business. And that's really what we're doing there. So it's going to be more of a top line, help driving us in that regard in areas where I think we have very lucrative margins. In terms of your question about ARRA, just to give you some sense for it, if you recall, Rod, we were surprised. Last quarter, we told you we booked more in that quarter that we had in the previous year and a half. And in this year, in this quarter, we booked 50% more than the last quarter. So I would tell you, we're surprised by to some extent by what we're seeing here. And the sense that it's come back. We thought it wasn't going to be there at all, so we've been surprised a little bit to the extent that it's been as strong as it has the last two quarters. It's hard for me to project what's going to happen for 2011 at this stage on ARRA, specifically. And in terms of the fee percentages, I was trying to see what I could help you here. Traditionally, if I look at the government, healthcare and education, that's probably at least, it's almost 70% of our North American revenues would be in those sectors.
Rod Lache: But that also includes private business, private healthcare and private education?
Stephen Roell: I don't break that out that way. I get a lot of K-12, and I get higher education, but I don't have it broken up between private and public health.
R. McDonald: We can't calculate on that.
Rod Lache: We can follow up on that. On the Automotive, do you have any thoughts on how this year compares to a normal year in terms of launch costs? Do you have any update on the commodity inflation outlook? And just my last question would be, any intermediate term thoughts on the revenue and margin outlook for Europe? You've been pretty clear on the outlook for the next quarter or so, but how are you feeling about that business, just on an intermediate term basis?
Stephen Roell: The launch costs, Rod, in the quarter were up about $7 million, just to give you a feel for it, year-over-year. We'll end up giving you more information on both margins and launch costs in that October meeting. As you know, we do that, we also share with you our backlog of new business. So we'll go through them at that point in time. It's my best shot I can give on that.
R. McDonald: But I think it's clear to say, we expect -- if you go into 2011, Europe is our big driver of where our business is going to gain momentum here in Automotive. We've had a lot of launches, a lot of engineerings. Some of the difficult headwinds that we talked about, like the stress suppliers and things like that. It turned out, we have a few plants that we were not pleased with the performance that are getting better. So year-over-year, when we talk about our Auto business side in 2011, you're going to see continued strong growth in Asia, and you're going to see a big turnaround or a continuation of turnaround, I guess, in Europe. In North America, we actually -- if you go into next year, we actually -- when we talked about the fact last year that our backlog was flat from North America, in '11, it's actually down. It's a negative number. In '12, it's a positive because we have some programs with Chrysler that roll off next year. So you'll see a flattish outlook in terms of profitability, but down in sales.
Rod Lache: Any thoughts on commodity inflation?
R. McDonald: That's a tough one. Earlier this week, I was feeling better about the trend getting lower and now it spiked right back up the last few days. I think it's clear that we're going to see an uptick in 2011, but I guess I would remind everybody, this is an area where we have been laser-focused on the fact that we wanted to derisk our Auto business. And we feel very confident that in the face of rising commodity costs, that we've got a good portion of our business. We've talked about 90% of our global revenue where we've got indexing, full or partial in place with our customers. We do expect to see a pickup next year. It's tough to say how much, but I'd say, we're very confident in our ability that we're going to be able to recover a big chunk of that from our customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Johnson from Barclays Capital.
Brian Johnson: On the auto production, the assumptions that you're using for the full year seem to be below where the year's headed, looking at CSM. Does that imply that you've got very conservative production numbers penciled in by 4Q, just by processes subtracted, where we are?
Stephen Roell: We don't think so. I think in North America, CSM recently ticked the number off to 11.6 from 11.4 where we have it. I think if you look at some of that difference, I think, our Q3 came in a little bit higher, but again, if CSM is correct, there's a small amount of upside in the North America number. I've seen some numbers in terms of the European assumptions, and I don't -- we're going to have to go and look at that. I think we have to see what's in and out of there because we don't have a gap in Europe as some of the headlines I saw this morning.
R. McDonald: We're at 16.7 in our deck here. And Brian, 16.9 we've heard, it's in that kind of number, but it's not a picked up delta, okay?
Brian Johnson: Well, if it's in one quarter though, it could be significant?
Stephen Roell: That's fair. It's not our intention to be conservative. This is what we believe is -- we're not trying to gain the program here. We're sitting here saying this is what we think it's going to be.
Brian Johnson: Ann within this strong Europe year, you're looking to next year, any color you can give us around the mix, the type of vehicles, in particular, as one of the big debates is luxury versus volume with, in general, people more comfort on luxury growth through 2011? I'm wondering what's going to happen to the volume markets with fiscal austerity, kind of, how you're positioned between those two segments?
Stephen Roell: You're talking about through 2011, Brian. I think we better push it off to our October discussion. We're not really talking 2011 here yet.
Brian Johnson: Last question, the late start to the cooling season, a lot of people feel hot in various parts of the world, what drove that? And is this just still that deferral of preventative maintenance that landlords should be doing? Are we really ever going to get out of that? Are we, kind of, stuck with just infinitely deferred maintenance, perhaps, because of low occupancy rates?
R. McDonald: I think on the deferral -- there's two different things. On the deferral of discretionary work, yes, we're continuing to see that. And I think until we see confidence, business confidence improve, we're going to be living with that. The late start in the summer cooling season, really affects our truck-based service where people turn on their air conditioner, it doesn't work. We acknowledged it's been hot in June and July, while we're here, we're talking about the unseasonably cool weather that we had in April and in the early part of May.
Stephen Roell: I guess maybe, Brian, the one thing that I would tell you we'd seen a pickup on -- this is, again, not the truck base that Bruce has referred in terms of the weather. But we've seen a pickup in our coating activity around what we call, prime, which is the small project work, typically performed by our Service business. That's picked up and that's the area that if you go back to the deferral, that's the period that we saw soften at that point in time. It's also an area that we decided we needed to resource better, so we've actually -- that where we're adding sales force as well in our service organization, just to go after those opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Leiker from Robert W. Baird.
Keith Schicker: It's Keith Schicker on the line for David. If we look at the launch costs, Bruce, the $42 million that you talked about in Europe, what was the change in that figure sequentially?
R. McDonald: Well, that number is engineering and launch costs, that's a global number. I don't have the Europe on hand here.
Keith Schicker: Can you discuss how that global number changed sequentially?
R. McDonald: Sequentially from the previous quarter?
Keith Schicker: Yes, from Q2.
R. McDonald: It was up from a couple of cents.
Stephen Roell: I use the numbers $7 million, which is a year-over-year comparison.
R. McDonald: That's just launch.
Stephen Roell: That's launch. So of that 42, seven was launched. And again, we have a tendency to look year-over-year, not sequential, because of the seasonality of our business. Be careful with sequential comparisons.
Keith Schicker: And with the ten new plants that are going to be opened in China, can you just provide some context around that investment there, just new customers, market share gains there, just to handle growing volumes with existing customers? And what type of product is this?
Stephen Roell: It's a combination of all those. In some cases, we're actually vertically integrating and putting in component plants, electronics and things of that nature. In other cases, it's new business with customers. And really, I'm not sure how the market share plays into it, but it's basically where we've won business in and are working with our current customer base.
Glen Ponczak: Thanks, Keith. We're going to have to cut it off here because we're at the end of our time. I'd just like to turn it over to Steve for some concluding comments.
Stephen Roell: Sure, just real quickly if I could. I just want to reiterate that we're very pleased with the results for the quarter, performing, kind of, what our forecast were internally due to higher production in the auto area, partially offset by what we saw as currency headwinds in some of the investments that we're making. I think the third quarter, you should look at it as we had another proof point of our return to sustainable profitable growth. We're increasingly optimistic about the near term, continuing to recover the automotive markets, we're seeing those significant improvements in BE's orders and backlog. And again, the growth and strength of the emerging markets. We expect improvements again in Q4, consistent with our guidance. And we look forward to meeting and seeing everybody on October 12 when we give you our in-depth look of our markets, growth strategies for 2011. And with that, enjoy the rest of your summer. And thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. Have a great day, and you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-04-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Todays conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. With that it is my pleasure to turn over todays call to Mr. Glen Ponczak. You may begin.
Glen Ponczak: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us and happy Friday. Before we begin, Id like to remind you of our forward-looking statements. Johnson Controls will make forward-looking statements in this presentation pertaining to its financial results for fiscal 2010 and beyond that are based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates or forecasts. For those statements, the Company cautions that numerous important factors, such as automotive vehicle production levels, mix, and schedules, financial distress of key customers, energy prices, the strength of the U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellation of, or changes to commercial contracts, liquidity, changes in the levels or timing of investments in commercial buildings, the ability to execute on restructuring actions according to anticipated time lines and costs, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of the Companys Form 10-K filing, which was filed on November 24th, 2009, that could affect the Companys actual results, and could cause its actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by, or on behalf of the Company. Joined this morning with  by Steve Roell, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson Controls, who will provide an overview of our second quarter 2010. And he will be followed by Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will give a more in depth look of business results as well as a financial performance. And that will be then followed by questions and answers. And with that, Ill turn it over to Steve.
Steve Roell: Thank you, Glen. Well, good morning and thank you for joining us. I guess I am going to start by just highlighting the two primary themes in our earning release, certainly the fact that we are benefiting from the recovery of the North American and European auto industry is a major driver of our results in the quarter. And I think the other theme is the fact that we are starting to see signs of  that are surfacing at the non-residential market, the building market is beginning to recover as well, and well highlight some of those indicators for you. In terms of the second quarter itself, both Power Solutions and Automotive Experience benefited from the strong automotive production levels, North America and Europe. And well talk a little bit later about the fact that we now are convinced that those trends will continue into the second half of the year. Emerging markets, demand continues to be good for all of our businesses. If you look at the Building Efficiency side, China, we continue to benefit both from an order and a sales standpoint. South America is strong force and in the Middle East while sales were negative in the quarter, down slightly from a year ago, the orders and the pipeline of activity in the Middle East is trying to pick up for us significantly. Coming into the fiscal year one of the key elements of our projections was that we would covert on the higher automotive volumes in both Automotive and Power. And we continue to perform very well against that metric; the conversion has been strong at the high end of the range as we originally projected. We looked across our businesses and believe that we are gaining share whether that be in the Automotive group (inaudible) sales growth compared to the industry build. We see gains obviously in the Power Solutions business and we believe we are taking share in the equipment side and security solutions side clearly in our Building Efficiency. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet. During the quarter we did get past our outlook provisions for both S&P and Moodys and our cash flows remain strong and as a result of that as we note here we will be accelerating some of our investments in growth. Thats primarily in the Power Solutions business when we talk about capital but we will be investing also in the increased sales forces in our Building Efficiency group. In terms of the absolute numbers for the second quarter our sales of $8.3 billion were up 32% from a year ago. Our segment income was $427 million. Our net income of $292 million was a record for any second quarter. So, we wanted to highlight that. We did not highlight that in our press release, but it did beat the 2008 fiscal year second quarter, which was a record for that period of time. Our EPS $0.43 compares of course to a loss last year of $0.16. We did call out the one item, the $0.03 charge; I think most of you are probably familiar with this by now. We had an $18 million charge from a tax standpoint related to the Medicare subsidy law change that took place. And so thats the one single item in the quarter we call out relative to our earnings per share. I should also note, Bruce in the past has talked about a  factored in the second half well have roughly a $50 million to $100 million benefit of tax benefits. We still expect that to happen. We want to make sure that you understand that thats not included in our earnings per share guidance for the fiscal year. Turning to Power Solutions, just a couple of quick items for you. Our vertical integration strategies are on track. The Mexican lead recycling facility is now scheduled to start up in October of 2010. What you see in the  those of you that are looking at the Power Point, the illustration in the far right is an actual image from that site. And we also received the final permit we need to start construction in South Carolina with our another lead recycling facility. When both of those plants are complete, our in-house recycling capacity will represent about 50% of our needs. And as weve highlighted in the past we expect about 200 to 250 basis point margin improvement as a result of those investments. We are expanding our investments in China in Power Solutions from a capacity standpoint. For the last 12 months weve been supplying Chinas demand through exporting from various facilities throughout the rest of the world. That capacity the need now is equal to that. So we are going to build another plant. And we already have volume incidentally [ph] that we are selling in China that represents that additional plants capacity. We now project that well require a plant per year for the foreseeable future just to keep up with demand in China. In terms of the quarter one of the things must be highlighted was the fact that our aftermarket unit growth was up 9% in North America. We just want to make sure that you understand that include the addition win from Wal-Mart that we announced in February though that volume will start at best in June and probably in our fourth fiscal quarter. So, we just wanted to highlight that that 9% growth was really a reflection of just the market and the share weve taken at this point does not include additional Wal-Mart business. And then finally in terms of hybrid business, a couple of highlights for you. Our lithium-ion battery assembly production launch for the Ford Transit will begin in September of 2010. That vehicle was named as Truck of the Year. In addition, we would highlight that the Mercedes S-Class Hybrid, which you probably have seen in some of the ads is selling exceptionally well, in fact three times that of the original expectation by the OE. Turing to Automotive Experience, seeing strong growth across all geographic regions. Bruce is going to highlight some of the industry assumptions that we have, what we saw, but we are very pleased with the build. Our China expansion continues. We now have 23 joint ventures with over 40 manufacturing plants. We expect to add an additional 10 plants, manufacturing plants, some are components, some are just in time by the end of this fiscal year. Our sales for 2010 in China are now expected to be $3 billion, mostly non-consolidated. That compares to $1.9 billion in 2009. Now, weve highlighted the fact that weve had a very heavy launch load in our automotive industry business. We had roughly 60 launches in the first quarter, we had 39 additional launches in the quarter just ended. The majority of those are  essentially the majority, more than half were really in Europe. And then we highlighted some of the launches themselves. The Ford  the seating for the Ford Fiesta and the Opel Meriva, the interior systems work was really the door, this is the 5 Series door panels for BMW. Electronics pertains to the VW Polo Cluster. And we had some hands-free phone launches for Honda. So, its good launch load. Its a good thing to have that kind of business; we feel very good about it. We feel we are gaining share. And just to highlight for you, while we dont announce our new backlog from  until October at our annual management meeting, we can tell you that and signal to you that we expect an increase in our backlog as we look at the years 2011 through 2013, we expect some increase in our backlog when we report to you in that October timeframe. Turning to Building Efficiency, as I mentioned, there are signs of recovery. Our orders were up 5% in the quarter. Its the first time in fact that our orders have been up since the fourth quarter of our fiscal 2008. The strength primarily was in the rest of the world. As I mentioned we are seeing good growth in the international markets, but also North America where both our systems and services orders were up 5%. I wanted to highlight the fact that when we look at the vertical markets in North America, weve talked about the fact that we had not seen a lot of demand from ARRA and despite that we were seeing education demand strong. That continued in the quarter. We continue to have strong bookings in both K12 and higher ed. We see extremely strong bookings in the government vertical markets, be it federal, state and local. I do want to highlight that our bookings in ARRA in the quarter were $143 million which essentially is more than what had been booked in fiscal year 09 and Q1 combined. So we did see some activity pickup but I would tell you that we are seeing the growth in education with or without that ARRA stimulus. Finally, wanted just to mention the fact that the expanding market leadership, we are seeing, as I mentioned earlier gains. We track that from a standpoint of some of our equipment shipments. We can look at some of the industry data that gives us an indication that our North American equipment unit share is growing year-over-year. And one of the ones I would point out is our residential heating furnace market share, which was 13.4% in February of 10 compared to 6.5% February of 09. We have that data at least. Finally, I guess I want to talk about the outlook that was contained within our press release. We have revised our automotive production levels in both North America and Europe. We are now looking at production levels for our fiscal year  Ill mention our fiscal year  10.9 million, and in Europe 16.7 million units. And then given the fact of how well weve demonstrated our ability to convert in the high end, we felt that it was appropriate to revise our guidance higher. That combined with the Building Efficiency showing signs of improvement gives us some confidence that as the year plays out, our second half will continue to improve and we expect our third fiscal year quarter to be  show sales growth beginning in that timeframe. Just to comment on that EPS guidance. Our previous guidance was $1.70 to $1.75 per share for our fiscal year ended in September. Weve revised that now to $1.90 to $1.95 and I think all the assumptions that support that EPS guidance are contained in the press release that we provided to you. So, with that I am now going to flip it over to Bruce and let Bruce go into more detail on the second quarter by business and also the financial  some of the financial detail. Bruce?
Bruce McDonald: Okay, thanks, Steve. So just flip into slide 10 on Automotive Experience. We were really pleased with our Auto results for the quarter here. I really think it shows that the progress that weve made, the financial momentum that we had is a result of completing the restructuring, most of the restructuring initiatives in Europe and North America. So, if you look at sales, back out the impact of currency, they are up 66%. That really reflects both sales gains and flow of our backlog, the launch of new business, but by and large a big chunk of that is higher OE production levels. In North America you can see our sales were up about 85%. That compares versus that production increase about 72%. So they are sort of the evidence of the share gain. Similarly in Europe if we back out foreign currency our sales were up 51% versus an estimated improvement in new vehicle registrations of about 9%. Then lastly in China, we are seeing  we continue to see the very strong growth that we saw quarter of sales, which I will remind everybody come mainly through consolidate non joint ventures, improved by 91% to $741 million. The industry sales in China were up about 78%. So all three regions substantial out performance versus the industry. In terms of our segment income of $189 million, that compares to a large loss of $269 million last year and we are seeing really good conversion rate on the incremental volumes. And thats really just again due to the restructuring initiatives. The top line growth that we see in China is being  it really helps our margins because it flows through as higher equity income and we saw that both in our Chinese joint ventures but also some of our non-consolidated Joint ventures in North America and Europe. Looking at our margins by geography, you can see in the upper part of the chart here North America at 6.7%, Europe at 2.4%, and Asia at 6.7%. I think these type of numbers kind of demonstrate that the improvements that our business is making and underpin our confidence that we can get our margins in that 6% to 7% range as volumes pick up here. In terms of our European profitability, we talked last quarter about our numbers being negatively impacted by some launch difficulties, distressed suppliers and things like that of $40 million to $50 million. This quarter those costs dropped by about 50%, so we are in that $20 million to $25 million range in the quarter. And we  remember our guys are making good progress reducing those. So we expect those to tail off over the next couple of quarters here and to start to see our European margins trend higher. Flipping over to Building Efficiency, sales were $3 billion, which was the level of last year, but if you take out the impact of currency its down 4%. And as Steve mentioned earlier, our order activity picked up, so we are starting to see things looking better here. If you look at the businesses that dont flow through our backlog, so thats Global Workplace Solutions and our North American residential business, sales in these two segments were up 14% and 42%, respectively, and thats excluding any impact of foreign currency again. In North America we saw revenues were down about 10%, but we were pleased to see orders pick up 5% in this region. And then lastly in Europe and Latin America, those markets continue to remain somewhat soft and we saw double digit declines in our revenue position. Looking at segment income $104 million, we are up 16% year-over-year. That really reflects primarily the turnaround in our residential business and then good control of our costs. I point out that our numbers here  we have a bullet point here, we talk about our non-recurring charges being sort of comparable to last year in the quarter. if you recall last year, we took about $25 million  we had about $25 million of expenses that really related to some of the reorganization that we were doing in our North America residential business and our SKU and inventory rationalization actions. In this quarter, we had a comp  we have comparable charges, non-recurring type charges of about $25 million that relate to both inventory adjustments and some  a couple of larger customer bankruptcies that impacted us by, like I said, in aggregate about $25 million. And as Steve indicated before, we continue to invest in some of our key growth initiatives like energy, our infrastructure in emerging markets in particular. Looking forward, we are confident that we are going to see Building Efficiency sales start to turn positive on a year-over-year basis here and further margin expansion beginning here in the third quarter. And lastly in terms of the backlog, you can see in the quarter we are at $4.4 billion on a year-over-year basis about a 6% decline again taking out the foreign currency and the key sort of takeaway here is the sequential improvement versus the down 10% that we were at the end of the first quarter. So, we are seeing strong momentum in our pipeline. And our backlog we anticipate will turn positive on a year-over-year basis within  by the end of the third quarter here. Next, moving on to Power Solutions, we had an exceptionally strong quarter with sales up 30%. As we pan [ph] to back out the impact of lead, which is about $100 million, our unit volumes you can see were up 14% with aftermarket up 9% and the OE side of our business up 44%. And as Steve indicated earlier, these numbers just reminding everyone dont include the impact of the Wal-Mart business, which launches in our fourth quarter. In terms of China, Steve talked about the capacity expansion that we are looking to make in that market. Our volumes were up 38% and as Steve indicated, we are filling that demand with shipments from North America and Europe. I guess I probably should point out that if you think about our growth in our business really coming from our development of the aftermarket side of that business. So, our growth strategy is building up the aftermarket side of Power Solutions to take advantage of the longer term trends, more stable trends that we see in that side of our business. Hence our  so the confidence that we can put the production capacity in place that Steve mentioned earlier. That currency expansion in China combined with the timing of us getting the South Carolina smelters is the driver behind the uptick in our CapEx guidance that I am going to talk about later on. In terms of segment income for Power Solutions, the $134 million, the main sort of drivers here being higher volumes. We had some lead issues that lingered on in 2009 and our business performance is very strong. We are basically selling just higher level of volume with three fewer plants than we had a year ago, so we are getting excellent conversion pull through for our manufacturing operations. And then I would also point out that negatively impacting our segment income is the investments that we are making in our hybrid business that Steve talked about, the money that we are spending to facilitize here in Holland, Michigan, and the launch of our BMW lithium-ion production in France in the quarter here. So maybe now I will turn over to the financial section on slide 14 and as I talked about our numbers, I am going to talk about them excluding the one time items and as Steve mentioned earlier the only item that we are calling out for this quarter is the $18 million tax charge that we took associated with the Medicare Part D subsidy elimination. So before I sort of get into the specific details, I think the key sort of takeaways from our financial performance are as follows. First would be our top line growth. We are benefiting from both the automotive and battery. Those markets improving on the OE side as well as market share gains in all three of our businesses. And here is where you are really seeing the continuity that we had in terms of commitment to our growth initiatives. We funded those through tough times last year and we are now starting to see the benefit of those pay off. Be that the growth that we are seeing in China in all three of our businesses, some of the market share gains that Steve talked about, North American residential turnaround, those types of things. We are also seeing significant benefit of our restructuring actions. We are seeing that in both expanded gross margins and also better SG&A control. And then the strong conversion rate on the incremental volume is really flowing through well. If you look at our top line, Steve mentioned sales were up $3.3 billion, it was 32%. Again backing out foreign exchange, the underlying increase is 27%. Obviously, that was driven primarily by the recovery in the OE side of our business in battery in Automotive, but all three of our businesses contributed here in terms of market share gains. Building Efficiency, while weve bottomed out, we were still down 4% in the quarter. In terms of gross profits at 14.7%, you can see about 390 basis points of improvement versus last year and here is where we are really seeing the benefit of restructuring initiative and better capacity utilization across our manufacturing operations. In terms of SG&A expenses the $847 million, we are up about 5% year-over-year. If we backed out the impact of foreign currency, its up 2%, so I think sort of takeaway is we had a 27% constant currency increase in sales, now we have a 2% increase in our SG&A cost and if we sort of look at where that 2% came, its been higher engineering increases in incentive compensation accruals, those were increased versus last year. You can see again on the equity income line we have a significant improvement versus last year, $51 million. If you think about that and the two main buckets would be $20 million would be in China and the other $20 million would be North America and Europe non-consolidated joint venture in our Auto business. Flipping to slide 15, maybe just draw you attention to a couple of line items here on financing charges of $43 million, a little bit lower than last year, really reflecting lower borrowing rate and borrowing levels. Lastly, on an underlying basis, our tax rate was 18%, which is consistent with the guidance that we gave you last quarter. And then income attributable to non-controlling interests or what we used to call minority interests was an expense this year of $23 million versus income of $12 million last year and that really is just attributable to the fact that our consolidated automotive joint ventures were profitable this year whereas last year in the quarter they were losing money. And then if you look at the diluted earnings per share is $0.43 you can the see the magnitude of the turnaround from the sort of $0.16 loss that we had last year. And lastly, I will just comment a little bit further on our guidance for this year. So, as Steve indicated, we are upping our guidance range by $0.20, so our new range is $1.90 to $1.95. In terms of our top line you can see we are ticking up our sales growth from 16% to 18% at $33.5 billion. Here we are seeing benefit of the higher production levels in North America and Europe, although thats somewhat offset by our euro assumption. And you can see taking the euro down from $1.45 to $1.35 negatively impacts our top line by about $700 million. And I think even though we havent changed our Building Efficiency sales guidance of up 5% we just want to make sure that folks understand that we are committed to that number and we feel very confident with that especially on the basis of what we are seeing in terms of our orders backlog activity here. In terms of our earnings at $1.90 to $1.95, here you are really seeing the impact of the conversion on the incremental revenue growth. We are seeing good focus, a good continued focus on keeping our cost down. So as the revenue grows, we are keeping our expenses in check here. And then the impact of the euro assumption on our earnings is about $0.05 a share and that flows through primarily in our Automotive European operations. Thats where most of that $0.05 of hit  thats because thats our biggest European business. In terms of margins, weve changed our guidance here and taken our overall segment margins up to plus 330 basis points. The range is as you can see by business, Automotive we are going to be in the 3.1% to 3.3% range, which is up from 2% to 2.2% previously. In Power our range is 12.6 to 12.8%. Thats up from 11.8% to 12% previously. And BE we feel our range doesnt need to be updated here. We are sticking with the 5.6% to 5.8%. Capital expenditures, we are up ticking about $50 million in our range here. And thats all due to Power Solutions. And then from a free cash flow point of view, we are going to be up about $100 million, so we got slightly higher level of earnings and a little bit offset by the increased CapEx guidance. So, with that I will turn it back to Glen and well open things up for questions.
Glen Ponczak: Teresa [ph], we are ready for questions. If I could ask everyone on the phone please if youve got multiple questions, if you could just ask one question and then hang up and get back into queue, in that way we can be fair to everybody who would like to ask a question. And with that Teresa, we will take questions now.
Operator: (Operator instructions) our first question comes from Rod Lache from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Rod Lache: Good morning, everybody.
Steve Roell: Yes, hi, Rod.
Bruce McDonald: Hi, Rod.
Rod Lache: Just, first of all, on Power Solutions, the comments on China growing the size of Europe over the next five years if Europe is about 30% of that business, it looks like you could be doing may be $300 million per year of growth from that and youve got 5 million or 6 million units coming from Wal-Mart. It sounds like that business could be looking at 10% organic growth in 2011 and beyond. I was hoping you can comment on that and  yes.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, Rod, its Bruce here. I think one thing you just need to be  we feel very optimistic about our growth prospects in China but I would caution you that thats a unit comment. So when we talk about  we think the level of the  our unit forecast lets say in a five-year timeframe from China could grow from say something like an 8 million or 9 million level that we are sort of running at now to about say a 30 million level within five years, okay? So that sort puts the magnitude of the unit sales in context. If you look though at the dollar amount, generally speaking, I would say that there is a quite a bit richer mix in Europe from a dollar point of view with AGM batteries and more extended life type batteries. So, the dollar is not going to be equal but the units are. But nonetheless thats significant growth.
Rod Lache: Thanks, okay, back into the queue.
Steve Roell: Thanks, Rod.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Murphy  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
John Murphy: Good morning.
Steve Roell: Hi, John.
John Murphy: I just wanted to ask about the backlog and you made some very interesting comments on the Automotive side or the automotive interiors. You said they were  the backlog was increasing and I know you can't mention the exact number, but I was just wondering why you think you are seeing that backlog increases? Is that because you think volume forecast are higher, are there new wins, or you are actually getting a higher percentage of wins on the business that you are bidding on and if there is change in this relationship with the automakers as you ramp up this backlog.
Steve Roell: I guess the two things I would point out is if you think about the backlog weve provided to you, John, is for the 2010 through 2012 timeframe. Probably the biggest changes I guess I would highlight one is the fact that, that backlog 10 through 12 was almost void [ph] of North American new business and now we are seeing some new programs and some shares there in North America. And secondly I guess the other one is we would expect to see more interior growth. In interior systems we had the backlog in the prior time. So thats what you should hear from us when we come out in 11 through 13.
Bruce McDonald: And, John, I maybe just add a bit. When we talked about our backlog last year dropping from the $4 billion plus range to the $2.5 billion number that we disclosed a big chunk of that was cancellations and deferrals. And as youve seen the fortunes of our customers improve new business activity or that product development cycle is speeding up and so there is more business opportunity than lets say there has been in the past.
John Murphy: So, its fair to say that the logjam has been broken in North America and its not as though you are shifting your market share in the bidding process?
Steve Roell: I wouldnt say that  we arent taking  we would take some share but its a combination of all that.
John Murphy: Great. Thanks.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, and I think by definition that  our backlog is incremental business, so by definition its share growth.
Steve Roell: Yes.
John Murphy: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Leiker from Robert Baird. Your line is open.
David Leiker: Good morning, everyone. Talk about China here a little bit, your operations over there, and I see youve grown in scale across all the businesses. Can you give us some context how you managed that and how you make your investment decisions. And I think almost all your operations there are joint ventures and do you have any intentions of getting majority ownership or fully-owned operations?
Steve Roell: Well, David, just to remind the audience thats listening that most of our joint ventures are with our customers.
David Leiker: Right.
Steve Roell: We have a unique situation. So, when we are growing with SAIC affiliates we are really growing with SAIC of with FAW affiliates is with FAW. I think weve continued to gain share with them. Were the primary supplier to both of those large OEs and then also obviously weve penetrated and I signed (inaudible) something in the future. We have a relationship with Cherrie [ph], with GAAC. To your broader point, I dont believe that we are going to  its not our intention right now to try to take bigger ownerships in those joint ventures. We think the model works well for us. Its provided good growth opportunity. We manage those plants. We train those managers. We run morale surveys and dividend plans around all of that  those management teams. And so despite the fact that its fractured and fragmented by JVs we are able to get some scale and some consistency across the whole breadth of all those different JV relationships.
David Leiker: Are you getting dividends out of those operations, are you reinvesting that.
Bruce McDonald: We generally we are reinvesting, but yes we do get dividends because its not sort of a like-for-like, David. I guess the other thing maybe I would add is if you look at our Power Solutions and Building Efficiency businesses, those operations are 100% owned or we have a couple that we own 80%, but those businesses were really grown primarily through organic growth investments. And if you look at all three of our businesses, we have a significant presence there managing our growth strategies in those regions and that  and we talk about that as being key areas where weve been investing over the last three or four years.
Steve Roell: I think as an example of that would be if we were to take you to our technology center in (inaudible) you would see its one of the best ones we have in the world.
David Leiker: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Hoselton from KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Brett Hoselton: Good morning, gentlemen.
Steve Roell: Hi, Brett.
Bruce McDonald: Hi, Brett.
Brett Hoselton: Why dont you talk about your Automotive margins for a second here? First of all, what are the primary drivers for your increase in Automotive margins, is it simply the reflection of the improvement here in the second quarter or are you looking for additional significant improvements going forward, and it sounds like you might be in Europe?
Bruce McDonald: Yes, I mean there is several factors. Clearly, volume is the biggest one. Weve talked about on incremental volume we are looking for our business to pull through somewhere between 15% and 20%, I am talking here as the industry recovers. The profitability of the business that we are launching out of our backlog again weve talked about that being higher than business that its replacing in aggregate. And then with respect to Asia, we certainly have a tailwind in the fact that our equity income is really benefiting our income and it doesnt obviously affect our sales. So thats accretive to our margins. Those are the main factors. You also made a comment, Brett about Europe. We had a good improvement versus Q1, but we still have  you can think about a point or so of penalty that we are dealing with associated with some of the launch difficulties and supplier shortages and things like that that I spoke about earlier. So, we are definitely anticipating that the European side of things improve further out as we go through the year.
Steve Roell: And the only thing I would add, Bruce, I think Europes margins are being impacted only by the launches, which are good by the way, and not like maybe the first quarter where we had more  we had a couple of launches that we had to fight through. I think now its just the  its the typical class [ph] associated with launches, the magnitude of them.
Bruce McDonald: And then secondarily we have engineering costs, so our engineering costs were up also on the quarter primarily in Europe as they support these launches.
Brett Hoselton: And if you look at  and I apologize, mine is the follow on call, but if you look at the European margins, the 2.4%, you pick up lets say 100 bps with the launch cost and distress supplier cost going away here, how do you then see yourself going from 3.4% lets say up into that 6% to 7% range?
Bruce McDonald: Well weve  again, I would say weve talked about that really being a question of volume, Brett. I mean weve said that I think if you sort of go back in time, weve had a target of 6% in Automotive. When we did the magnitude of the restructuring here that we did in the downturn, we said look we think we can get that 6% to be closer to 7% and that we also felt that our ability to get to that level we didnt need production to be back in that 15 million, 16 million units in North America lets say, but rather sort of down in that say 13 million, 13.5 million range. So thats sort of where we need to get to, to get to those levels. Its really a question of making sure that we launch our programs in line with the targets that we have, hedge  making sure that our community costs dont eat into our margins and weve talked about the fact that 90% of our business is  weve got full or partial indexing. And then making sure that as the industry recovers that we get that 15% to 20% profit pull through. I mean as simple as that.
Brett Hoselton: Thank you, gentlemen, very helpful.
Steve Roell: Thanks, Brett.
Operator: Our next question comes from Himanshu Patel from JPMorgan.
Himanshu Patel: Hi, good morning guys.
Steve Roell: Hi.
Himanshu Patel: Just wanted to get a little bit more into the Power division. Two questions on that, one is the two lead recycling plants, once they come on stream how does that affect your earnings sensitivity to future lead prices? And then the second question on Power was you mentioned there was 200, 250 bp gain from the lead plants coming on stream. How much additional margin expansion would you see from some of the elevated lithium investments you have right now sort of normalizing or I guess some revenue coming on stream to match that if we are just trying to think out three years from now to figure out sort of a normalized battery division margin.
Steve Roell: Yes, let me start, okay? I am going to go back to the investment in the vertical integration, in the 200, 250 basis point improvement; thats assuming that lends it to todays date. the way to think about it would be if lead goes up then clearly we benefit even more from probably the agents we would have. So it gets even  it has even a higher margin impact if you believe lead is going to skew higher. I mean when we did these transactions, these investments, we looked for a two-year payback, is what we are currently projecting on both of them. Just to give you some idea how lucrative it is. Secondly, what it does do us, Himanshu, is it does add a fixed cost element to us to the extent that at the fact lead went the other way. But we feel good about what that  those economies are even with a lead pull back. In terms of the  yes, Bruce, anything you want to that?
Bruce McDonald: No, go ahead.
Steve Roell: And on the lithium piece, I think thats a function of really how much  how successful we are commercially in terms of support structure we have to put in place. So, I dont  I am not in a position to give you a longer term projection of margins on that other than what I described to you on the vertical integration piece. Thats the best I can do today.
Himanshu Patel: Okay, if I could just 
Bruce McDonald: I would think probably in the next two to three years, whats happening within hybrid is probably not going to be a significance either of our margins here.
Steve Roell: Thats fair.
Himanshu Patel: If I could sneak in one last one, I mean the balance sheet has come a long way. Your equity value has moved up. How are you thinking, Steve, now on acquisitions?
Steve Roell: Well, we are clearly looking at whats out there and what we can do that will help benefit our business. Weve prioritized, met with our management regarding some of the opportunities that we would look to. Some we believe are actionable, some are not. So, I guess I would just describe it this way. We  clearly our acquisitions are focused on technology platforms that we can grow from. I would look at all three businesses. I think longer term as I mentioned to you, I believe that BE will still have the lions share of our M&A activity. But it doesnt mean that we are going to exclude opportunities in the other two businesses; thats for sure.
Bruce McDonald: And I would say, I mean we did make a small acquisition in this quarter that you can see that from our cash flow. Thats a business that provides us with some enhanced capability to do performance contracting so on the lighting and lighting controls side of our business. And we have other Id say small type acquisitions that are in the pipeline that you should expect to see start to flow through here in the next few quarters.
Himanshu Patel: Thank you.
Steve Roell: Thanks, Himanshu.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Steve Roell: Hey, Rich, whats your one question?
Rich Kwas: I got that fixed [ph] right here. Its been fine. My one question is on services just in Building Efficiency as you look  that business has been down. And Bruce, what was the  what was the year-over-year change for that business, that piece of the business this quarter? Again what are you seeing right now in that front as that start to pick up at all.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, I mean for the quarter revenues were down 7% in services, okay? And our order impact  order  this is just North America by the way  and orders were up 3% and I guess, Steve, you want to comment on some of the quoting activity-
Steve Roell: Yes, we are  Rich, the thing weve been highlighting the whole time is the fact that we hadnt seen one of the smaller work 
Bruce McDonald: Project.
Steve Roell: Project type work and just the last two weeks weve seen a slight pick up in terms of that  when we look at our pipeline our pipeline now what we call prime or that project type work is the best its been in two and a half years. But its all happened relatively recently. So, we are encouraged by that. We are also seeing a lot of activity in terms of our  whats call PSA, the scheduled service work, and the bidding activity there is the strongest its been in two years. So are just starting to see some recovery, thats what I am really pointing to, on the service side.
Rich Kwas: And just lastly, L&M, what are you seeing there, any pickup there?
Steve Roell: Not really at this stage.
Rich Kwas: Okay.
Steve Roell: Not really. We are just getting. We dont have  usually weather is the driver. This time of the year if you look at what we are doing, our service people are primarily doing that scheduled work in the March-April timeframe. The L&M usually is associated with spikes in weather. Its one where you typically see it or just (inaudible) penetrate more accounts. And right now at this time of the year we are focused pretty much on providing that preventive maintenance work on the PSAs.
Glen Ponczak: Unless you make  its Glen here  you might see a little bit as well once the air conditioning season sort of comes full on and people start turning all the stuff on after being off all winter.
Rich Kwas: Right, makes sense, okay, thanks.
Steve Roell: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Langan from UBS. Your line is open.
Colin Langan: Good morning.
Steve Roell: Hi, Colin.
Colin Langan: Can you talk a little bit about Building Efficiency I mean you are down on average by I think more percent than the first half but you guidance is still  you still think you can do the 5%, that means second half is going to be around 11% in the second half, can you comment on the pace about in Q3 and Q4 and then what are the main drivers and how much  how dependent are you on the recovery of servicing at 5%?
Bruce McDonald: Yes, I mean may be just one sort of clarification in terms of your math there when you said down one, then we need to be up 11%. Keep in mind our business is very seasonal. More of our revenue flows in the second half. Its not quite as bad as you are suggesting there. But nonetheless it does need to pick up. I think you need to  what gives us confidence is if you look at the business as an art [ph] flowing through our backlog thats the residential business and our Global Workplace Solutions, we are  those businesses are up, as I said earlier double digits, strong double digits, 40% in the case of our UCG business. So we feel confident that those trends are going to continue and in the case of GWS accelerate. If you look at the other businesses that now flow through our backlog I mean there we sort of take comfort from the quoting activity we have. So, the fact that when were starting to see orders picking up in  thats what happens before it turns into revenue. So, I think we feel pretty good about that. Id say, maybe the only derail of itself there for us would be if we have an exceptionally either late start to typical wind season or a very, very cool summer. But those are one or two percent delta is not going to change the sign here.
Steve Roell: I think guys I would tell you is we are seeing good pickup in demand from an equipment standpoint and has a  fits a good forerunner. Secondly I guess I think the emerging markets are really trying to pick up when we see some of the order and the pipeline activity. The only matter I guess I would tell you, Colin that we still dont see recovery happening at is Western Europe. Thats the one market that at this stage we are not counting on any growth in the second half.
Colin Langan: So in your 5% the servicing side is not a big portion of that growth or  I mean it takes some of the business that you already have then in the pipeline?
Bruce McDonald: Yes.
Steve Roell: Yes.
Colin Langan: Okay.
Steve Roell: Now, particularly the Solutions business. If you include that element thats really where  weve got good growth in our backlog too.
Bruce McDonald: Yes.
Colin Langan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Steve Roell: Thanks, Colin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ceraso from Credit Suisse.
Chris Ceraso: Thanks, good morning.
Steve Roell: Hi, Chris.
Chris Ceraso: Couple of questions on Europe. First, the revenue there I guess was stronger than we thought it would be. Is there anything in particular that you can point to or a change in mix or a new program that came on? And then just as a point of clarification on your 16.7 build expectation for the year, just on your numbers, what was that in 09 so I get the percent change right?
Bruce McDonald: I think that number  well have to get back there.
Steve Roell: Yes.
Bruce McDonald: I think it was in the low 15s if I am not mistaken.
Steve Roell: Chris, I will send you a note on that right, I dont remember that.
Bruce McDonald: Yes. And then  I am assuming you meant European Automotive here from the second part of your question.
Chris Ceraso: Oh, yes, yes.
Bruce McDonald: The  a couple of things. We are seeing  the OE production is  continues to be better than we are expecting in paradoxically we are even seeing most of the strengths in the A and B segments and so think about the  some of the stimulus programs that have  that were in place last year that arent there this year. We never would have thought wed see the growth in the small segment. I think the other point thats very significant for us here in Europe is a lot of  we are a very well-positioned (inaudible) of our launches. If you look at where we have strong content, our customers are gaining share in the market, the product being very well received.
Chris Ceraso: Anything in particular, you can flag any vehicles?
Steve Roell: No, I can tell you where the demand came from, the stronger demand came from Volkswagen. In our backlog Volkswagen, PSA, and Daimler [ph]. and I think if we go back, we have had this large launch load and I think part of is the business that just  that weve launched in the last 12 months benefiting from the high volume.
Glen Ponczak: 20, more than 20 of those launches were in Europe this quarter. So, I mean we just had a lot of volume coming as a result of the new program.
Steve Roell: Right.
Chris Ceraso: Okay, thanks, guys.
Steve Roell: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Johnson for Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Brian Johnson: Hi, good morning.
Steve Roell: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Johnson: I want to talk a bit strategically about the lithium-ion battery business. You know given how fast that market is going what product demand has been since we met with  since you had your big meeting in New York. Could you give us a couple of sense of how do you look at the global potential there? You seem very well positioned in Holland, Michigan with Ford. Couple of sub questions. Is Ford rolling out faster than you think, and should we think about upside there? And secondly on the European side, European OEMs, we got Daimler, Renault teaming up on electric vehicles. Daimler buying a German battery company. BMW doing some ventures. Are you still comfortable with that you can grow the European side of the lithium-ion battery business or are the automakers there doing an in-house based approach?
Glen Ponczak: I think I mean if you want me, let me take a shot at it. I mean I think its sort of all of the above, Brian. I think its the sort of typical characteristics of a nascent industry in that nobody quite knows maybe what the business model is and so people are taking a taste of it this way, and a taste of it that way. And so you are seeing  you know even within OEs its going different routes for different sort of vehicles and different levels of electrification. And I dont know that thats going to settle out anytime soon. So its sort of hard to give a prediction of what it would like in three years. I think we are all sort of figuring that as we go on.
Steve Roell: You know I think Brian, it still is  you know as Glen mentioned  this is a very immature industry. My frustration it continues to be the fact that there are so many different players or so many different chemistries or so many different types of packaging and so configurations its going to take a while. But thats  its just characteristic of a very immature industry. I think we are going to have to watch it evolve here. But right now basically you have very few of those consortiums that have been formed. You dont have really standards being formed. I think you have to look over your shoulder a little bit at some of the improvements being made in the combustion engines and some of the mileage efficiency that people are talking about. I dont think at this stage if I were looking at strategically trying to size this business that I would change a whole lot with what weve done in the past. I think it still represents probably at the end of this decade maybe 10%, 15% of the market. I dont think gasoline prices or government subsidy is going to make a whole lot of difference based on what I know today. It would change dramatically if you want to  if you double the gas prices here in the U.S. and it will change the ball game. We still have a hard time see how EVs themselves are economically feasible for the consumer. We have done some work, which is where we think the gasoline prices have to be to make that economic story work. And its a ways from where we are today. So, anyway, I am still optimistic we are going to play hard in this part of the segment of our business, we think we have some competitive advantage and relationships, but its just going to be one of those things where I think the stories are going to change as we play out here.
Brian Johnson: And are the European OEMs who are doing in-house are aligning with each other, are you still in the running with them [ph] for future business there or is it 
Steve Roell: Yes, we are.
Brian Johnson: Okay.
Steve Roell: Yes, we are.
Brian Johnson: So those arent final decisions that this is a 100% in-house sourced?
Steve Roell: No. Some points that Glen mentioned may take you from forms [ph] that we may partner in a different way with them, but, no, those opportunities still exists.
Brian Johnson: Okay, thanks.
Steve Roell: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ravi Shanker from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ravi Shanker: Thank you. Can you talk about the competitive environment in the auto business? I mean you said you are gaining share and the auto margins are looking pretty good as well now. Can you give it a sense of is it the pressures that you face in that business if there is any on the pricing either from your customers or from competitors?
Steve Roell: I dont think a lot has changed from a competitive environment standpoint. We have great competitors. We compete with Lear obviously and Magna for us here that ones we would call out. But I dont think a great deal has changed in terms of how we all behave at this stage. So I dont sense as much difference in terms of pricing pressure. Its probably what it always has been. Its my sense.
Ravi Shanker: And from the customer side, I mean in the past obviously youve seen as the supplier margins start getting up there is obviously a risk of price down. I mean do you see that being an issue?
Bruce McDonald: I think its probably fair to say that as the volumes continue to increase there is going to be and there is starting to be a bit more pressure on productivity give-backs. But I think with what the industry has been through, I think there is going to be a lot more discipline to make sure that productivity give-backs to our customers are matched to with cost down within our operation.
Steve Roell: Yes, thats a good point. What Bruce just said is definitely and that is that I would tell you that there is just a different change right now. When we deal with some of the OEs where there would have been just an expected lets say historically 2.5%, 3% price down, I think there is a lot more cooperative effort trying to figure out how to make that happen. So, Bruce made that comment about cost  underline will be the cost word. Thats usually in conjunction with the OE in terms of identifying opportunities. Thats what really has changed.
Ravi Shanker: Okay, thank you.
Steve Roell: Thanks, Ravi.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ethai Nicoli [ph].
Ethai Nicoli: Thanks, good morning.
Steve Roell: Good morning, Ethai.
Ethai Nicoli: Just a follow-up to that question, are you seeing the same cooperative effort in some of the new backlog discussions you referenced in North America? And if so, would you expect new business to really come in at more profitable rates going forward?
Bruce McDonald: Yes, I would. I mean I think for us we are going to be very disciplined in terms of the financial characteristics of business that we book. But I think when you are quoting new business I dont think that side of the equation has changed. I mean the business model is generally speaking our customer has a target price, usually an aggressive target, and they make a sourcing decision based on somebodys ability to hit that target and their confidence on the technology and quality and ability to hit the program milestones on time.
Ethai Nicoli: Great, thats helpful. Maybe one quick one. Can you maybe talk about the outlook for North American auto margins in the second half of the year? It looks very good in Q2, and maybe what you are kind of embedding into the full year auto margin guidance for North America?
Bruce McDonald: Well, we are looking at  were  I mean if you look at our guidance we are sort of thinking that production is slightly lower in the second half than the first half, okay? And not obviously due to some of the planned shutdowns that happen every year in Europe and North America in July and August. Weve  we are increasing our  we are continuing to increase our investment in quoting new business, so as I say our fortunes are improving in Automotive. We have asked our  our business is going to spend more money looking to grow our backlog further. Thats kind of an investment that we need to make for longer term growth. So, I think we are pretty confident. I mean we gave the range for the full year. I think we are pretty comfortable with that range.
Ethai Nicoli: Terrific. Thank you.
Steve Roell: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nankent Newkem [ph] from Wells Fargo Advisors. Your line is open.
Nankent Newkem: Thanks. Could you share with us any thoughts from the Board perhaps on the dividend policy? Youve now gone about 10 quarters at the same rate. With business clearly improving, can we expect some movement here any time soon?
Steve Roell: Yes, Kent,
Nankent Newkem: Yes, can we  we will revisit that as we normally do in our November timeframe. And thats when the Board meets, thats when we discuss the outlook, compare our outlook for the new fiscal year. If you look at our data right now, our payout ratio is about 27%. And we are pretty proud of the fact that we held our dividend when many cut them. So, I understand your  the tone of your comment. But I think we worked very hard maintain our dividend throughout a very tough year with a very high payout ratio last year. So  what you should expect from us is a revisit and September announcement in that November timeframe regarding our outlook, okay?
Nankent Newkem: Thank you very much.
Steve Roell: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Denoyer from Wolfe Trahan. Your line is open.
Tim Denoyer: Hey, good morning, guys.
Steve Roell: Good morning, Tim
Tim Denoyer: I was wondering if you could provide a little more color on the two Visteon plants which Bankruptcy Court recently approved your purchase of. Has that been completed and can you give a little color on what components are built there and how you would plan to operate them a bit more profitability and? Thats it.
Bruce McDonald: Yes  so first of all they havent  that has not yet been completed. I think our target completion date is the end of April, but I could be mistaken. But its definitely in this current quarter.
Tim Denoyer: Okay.
Bruce McDonald: I dont really want to get into a lot of the details about what we are going to  how we are going to operate those plants versus how they were operated before. But we are confident that they will be accretive to our earnings in the next quarter. So they are not something that we think were going to lose money on. In terms of what they are, they are interiors component. And if you sort of think about putting a couple of extra plants into our network here, we think we - the footprint that we got with these two operations we have some good potential to launch new business in those operations where we maybe we would have otherwise had to spend capital in the future. So we have some good synergies buying those and we think we can operate those very profitably.
Tim Denoyer: Okay, thanks.
Steve Roell: Thanks, Tim.
Glen Ponczak: Teresa, we probably have time for one more call.
Operator: All right. We have our next question from Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Roell: You made it back, Rod, welcome back.
Rod Lache: Well, full circle. There hasnt been a lot of talk yet about raw materials on this call but obviously theyve been aside from lead, but obviously theyve been rising. I was just hoping you can just give us some feel for what you are seeing relative to the Automotive Experience and Building Efficiency businesses, is this a meaningful headwind at this point. And also just on the Power Solutions, based on where spot prices are currently, can you just give us some feel for your revenue expectations for this year adjusted for spot lead prices?
Steve Roell: Okay, led me start, Rod. On the raw materials side I am going to start with steel and just tell you a couple of things. First of all from the standpoint of how we lock things in we are locked in with contracts for the remainder of our fiscal year, start with that. And they are consistent with the plan and the guidance that weve been providing you. Now, having said that, we also recognize that steel is going to go up and as a result of our contracts, it is going to go up significantly when we end those contracts, there will be a hike. I will come back and talk to you about what we have towards our side of the equation with the OEs, but let me complete one more. We are also seeing the increase in resin prices as you would imagine and so we again have that protected through contracts. And then let me go through and explain to you what we do on the other side. You know in some cases there is one large OE here in the U.S. where we are on their steel and resin buying, lets just start with that. So we  no exposure from the standpoint of our contract exposure. And as Bruce has indicated, if you look across our board at the Asian OEs, the European OEs, we are fairly and very confident about our recovery of those timing by a month or two to be an issue, but we feel confident about a high recovery rate on that, contractually and just the agreements that we have with those firms. So, thats the other side of it. We would acknowledge and we have been worried about raw material prices for some time. So, just a commentary as something that we started worrying about probably two years ago when we came out of this side of the recovery. From a copper standpoint, our policy has been that we have six months of our forward work is hedged. Bruce, you want to talk more about that?
Bruce McDonald: Yes, we are  and its going to be  I mean copper, like as Steve said, we do hedge six months out. So we will have a little bit of a headwind here in the second half of the year associated with copper but not a meaningful amount. And as  if copper continues to sort of run off, then that  at least in the Building Efficiency side of the business, historically there has been a good patter of the industry passing that on through higher prices and I guess we would expect that would continue. But that would be more of a 11 issue than a 10 issue, Rod.
Steve Roell: Yes. I mean in terms of both Power Solutions and our assumption regarding lead, Bruce, I think we can peg it about 2200 right?
Bruce McDonald: Yes, yes, and its been pretty consistent for a change.
Steve Roell: Yes, thats 2200 a metric ton just for those in the audience and its been plus or minus that number for probably the last four or five months.
Bruce McDonald: Yes.
Steve Roell: So, it really has stabilized. We are not seeing the upward pressure on lead at this stage.
Rod Lache: Okay, thank you.
Glen Ponczak: Well, thanks everybody for all of your good questions. And its Glen here; I am available for the balance of the day for any followup. And have a good weekend.
Operator: Thank you for participating today. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-01-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of this call. (Operator Instructions) Now, Ill turn the call over to your host, Mr. Glen Ponczak, Executive Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Glen Ponczak: Thank you, Marcella and good morning everybody. Thank you for joining us. Before we begin here, let me remind you of our forward-looking statements. Johnson Controls will make forward-looking statements in this presentation pertaining to its financial results for fiscal 2010 and beyond that are based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates or forecasts. For those statements, the company cautions that numerous important factors, such as automotive vehicle production levels, mixes, and schedules, financial distress of key customers, energy prices, the strength of the U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellation of, or changes to commercial contracts, changes in the levels of timing of investments in commercial buildings, the ability to execute on restructuring actions according to anticipated time lines and costs, as well as other factors, discussed in the companys Form 8-K filed March 9, 2009, could affect the companys actual results, could cause its actual consolidated results to differ materially, from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by, or on behalf of the company. Today, were joined by Steve Roell, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson Controls, who will provide an overview of the quarter. After that, hell be followed by Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will give a detailed review of our business results, as well as more on our financial performance. That will be followed with questions and answers. With that, Ill turn it over to Steve.
Steve Roell: Thank you, Glen. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Were very pleased with the first quarter results. We had good contributions from all of our businesses, each one performing either on plan or exceeding the expectations we had when we talked to you back in October. I want to talk just briefly about the importance of the diversification of our business. In the past, weve highlighted this and while it might not have been so obvious a year ago when we were seeing the global economic crisis, I think that you can begin to get a sense for how important diversification is from the standpoint of our three businesses. The geographies that we operate and the customer base that we have. We look at first quarter segment earning income and also net income driven by double digit revenue growth. Were very pleased with the fact that our earnings were driven by top line growth, a combination of market improvements and finally, share gains in all three of our businesses. We are converting well in the higher automotive volumes. I know that was part of our discussions as we came through fiscal 2009, was the fact that as the markets did improve, we felt that we would see contribution margins of somewhere in the high teens to 20% in the automotive segment and weve seen that. We saw it month-by-month in this quarter and were very pleased and I think it bodes well for the outlook. Finally, as we indicated coming into the year, we expected to benefit from the restructuring actions of the past year and we expected to see roughly a $0.35 to $0.40 benefit. I think it was $0.40 throughout the fiscal year. I guess, I would tell you that we saw probably between $0.10 and $0.15 of that benefit flow through in the first quarter. So if you dissect our earnings, I guess the way this page is, I think sort of depicts and illustrates where those benefits came from in the order, primarily from top line growth; second, from that conversion of the automotive volumes; and thirdly, from the restructuring benefits. If I didnt look at just some of the absolute numbers for the quarter, sales of $8.4 billion were up 15%, adjusted for foreign exchange, its roughly up 9%, segment income of $406 million versus a loss of $48 million. Net income of $288 million, yielded diluted earnings per share of $0.43 versus a loss of $0.13 and I think thats the right comparison. Out of the $0.43, we took the onetime favorable tax item out of that number and I think weve cleaned up the prior year. So the $0.43 to $0.13 loss is the right year-over-year improvement. I think it that may have surprised a lot of you was the strength of the cash flow in the quarter. Bruce is going to go into that in more detail, but the fact that we generated $651 million of free cash flow and paid down our debt by $552 million, I think speaks to two things. First of all, the quality of earnings we had in the quarter and also our ability to manage and effectively lower our working capital. I think if you look at the quarter, I guess the thing I would point out is that we had good performance. I would also tell you, though that we still saw very challenging environments in all of our markets. Let me just talk about that as I go to the next page. In automotive production in both North America and Europe were stronger than what we had earlier expected. If you were to have seen our plans for the first quarter, we actually expected North American volumes to be just down slightly I think 1% from what they were a year ago and as it worked out, they were up 3%. Now Europe was also stronger than what we expected, primarily due, again, to the fact that the government incentives throughout a number of those countries continued through the quarter and drove demand. Our conference call and many of you follow the auto industry know that dealer inventories were severely depleted at the end of September, even at the end of December, were still seeing just 53 days on hand that compares to 93 days a year ago and probably more normalized level between 60 and 70 days is what we would estimate. So we did benefit from the replenishment of that depleted inventory at the end of September. We continue to see very strong growth in China, and well talk more about that in the outlook, but clearly Ive seen some of the numbers regarding just how strong that was as the year played out and Bruce and I were just in China and as it works out, they continue to be very positive about the outlook for 2010. In the power solutions, higher overall demand for the automotive batteries, we saw aftermarket demand pick up. Partially we can attribute the weather. Partially I think its just a function of stocking, balance sheets are better, so I think the after market customers I have laid in more inventory weather did help that. Stronger global demand as the automotive production increased throughout the world really, both Western Europe and the U.S., we clearly benefited we saw strong unit growth in our OE sector. We continued to, even though this is a comment about Johnson Controls, we saw market share shifts and we benefited from a couple new customers who we launched in the past 12 months and made the year-over-year comparison better. Building efficiency, as weve talked about, this business will continue to be challenged as a late cycle, non-residential market continues to be under pressure, but we do see signs and well talk about that, that maybe were bottoming out and starting to see some improvement in both the domestic and some of the global markets. We talked about the next three points are really about vertical markets and let me first make a comment about ARRA. Activity and from our standpoint, bidding, continues to be extremely weak and behind our expectations, particularly in the educational sector. Now, having said that, the two segments that really performed well in terms of growth year-over-year in orders was the educational market and what were beginning to see is that projects that might have been earmarked with ARRA are shifting back to more traditional funding. The Muni bond market is improved and maybe because of some of the reporting requirements regarding ARRA, educational sectors have decided to use more traditional financing. Thats our sense right now. We did see strong government building market demand in both our orders and our pipeline, in both local and federal. The one area that I would acknowledge was weak was healthcare and its been weak for about the last nine months. We are seeing that weaker than what we expected at the beginning of the year. We have mixed international markets in the quarter we have currently lower demand in Western Europe and I guess we would anticipate that would continue. We continue to see opportunities in the Middle East, in Latin America and specifically in Brazil, and in China. Finally, we did continue to see some improvement in the residential HVAC market in the quarter and it was attributed to our results. In terms of the 2010 outlook, we did give new guidance this morning. We essentially are very cautiously optimistic about automotive production in the second half of 2010 and the reason we are, we still are looking for signals regarding the strength of consumer demand, specifically around the larger higher priced consumer items and so were a little bit not pessimistic, but just cautious as we go into the second half. As I mentioned, we do see strong growth in China continuing at a rate at probably in the 15% range. So, as part of that, we did update our automotive production assumptions previously we guided to 9.9. In North America, we now see North America at 10.3 it again just remind you, thats our fiscal year that ends in September. We are seeing improved profitability outlook in the power solutions business, primarily due to increased volumes. We did see our inventories depleted severely at the end of December. We were down to five days of plays, so thats probably about 20% about what we normally would want to be. So demand really did hit us hard and we were able to satisfy that demand and satisfy our customers, that debt demand did help in our first quarter outlook. We would expect it to continue throughout the year. Finally, building efficiency to performance again very much inline with the previous expectations, were not changing and revising that. Our year-over-year sales growth is expected later in the year partially as the domestic markets recover. We dont expect any improvement in Europe, but we are expecting to see improvement in Asia, Latin America, as the year plays out. We have a stable pipeline of energy projects, solution projects, we do see momentum in the emerging markets, as I mentioned, and so I think as we would categorize building efficiency for you, I think we would say that we feel were seeing signs that it is starting to improve. In terms of the absolute guidance, Bruce is going to go into this more detail regarding all of the assumptions, but as youve seen in the press release we increased our guidance for our fiscal year to a range of $1.70 to $1.75 per share. Just theres been some clarification this morning that again does not include the $0.09 positive tax item that was in the first quarter that we excluded from our $0.43. So for those of you that asked, wondering about that clarifies that one. So with that, Im going to turn it over to Bruce and hell go through the business segments. Bruce.
Bruce McDonald: Okay, thanks, Steve. Well, Ill start on slide 10, automotive. A pretty terrific quarter here for automotive business and I think the quarters results really demonstrate the strong momentum that we have in our automotive businesses globally. You can see on a constant currency basis, sales were up 24% and we saw sales gains that were significantly better than the market. So if you look at that on a regional basis, North American sales were up 14% versus an estimated production increase of 3%. In Europe, excluding currency, were up 35% versus an estimated increase in production of about 18% to 20%. In China you can see including our consolidate operations our sales were up 112% in the quarter from $745 million. Our estimate is the China production was somewhere up in the 80% to 85% range. So good share gain in all three of those major markets. In terms of looking at our segment income for the quarter, were at $121 million versus a large loss last year and were seeing good profit conversion on incremental volumes, really reflecting the benefits of better capacity utilization and the benefits of the restructuring initiative. Most of the restructuring initiative gains that Steve referred to you really flow in through automotive operations here in the quarter. The top line growth in China is really been reflected in significantly higher equity earnings. You see that on the space of our income statement not close to segment income for the automotive sector here. If you do look at our geographic results here, in terms of return on sales, you can see North America our margin in the quarter were 5.4% and 6.1% in Asia, and you see in Europe, were at 0.5%. That probably warrants a little bit more discussion, the European results in particular. In Europe, were really being negatively impacted by a few things. First of all, thats where the bulk of our launch activity is concentrated this year and weve got some launches that were having some difficulties with. Were also dealing with a couple of and were starting to see parts and components shortages in the supply chain. If you sort of aggregate all those things together, those factors probably cost us $40 million to $50 million in the quarter and we expect those to sort of drop off over the next two to three quarters. So thats a head wind that we have to deal with here, but its going to get better here as we go forward. Flipping over to building efficiency, our sales were at $3 billion, or down 8% on a constant currency basis, and as Steve indicated earlier, and we are seeing signs that our markets are beginning to stabilize. So if we look at the global workplace solutions business and our North American residential business, neither of which flows through our backlog, I would remind you. In our energy solutions business, we saw double digit growth in those areas. In the performance contracting business, revenues increased by more than 10%, and we continue to see a real strong pipeline of coating activity. Europe and Latin America are the two areas that remain soft and were both down double digit in the quarter. In terms of the income side, our segment income declined by 21% to $104 million that reflects the impact of lower volumes. A couple other things in there, we are interesting in implementing a new IT system in our North American systems business. Thats really to enable our service work force. Those costs are going to flow through in Q1 and Q2. In the quarter, we cost of that implementation about $15 million. So, thats kind of depressing thats downward pressure on our margins here. We are also continue investment some of our growth initiatives most notably that would be an emerging market infrastructure and our energy businesses. If you look at the turnaround in our North American residential business, thats been quite impressive for us. In the quarter, and the first quarter is typically the seasonally weakest, we actually broke even in our residential business in the quarter. Looking forward, were pretty confident that building efficiencys going to report year-over-year improvements in profitability and youll start to see that here in the second quarter were expecting to take year-over-year improvement. In terms of our backlog 4.3 billion which was the same as last quarter, down 10% on a constant currency basis, we experienced double digit growth in performance contracting backlog in the quarter. If you look at our orders, which were down slightly in the first quarter, we saw strong results again in performance contracting and if you look at North America, our orders were down only 2% in the quarter. We do continue to see softness, though, in Europe and the Middle East. Though in the case of the Middle East, we expect to see improvements later this year. The other comments I would make is we did see good order momentum throughout the quarter and if you actually looked at our December orders, they were 6% higher on year-over-year basis. So thats whats really given us the confidence that were going to see a turnaround here in building efficiency in the second quarter and sort of driving our improved margin guidance that well talk about later. If flip over to power solutions, slide 12, another exceptionally strong quarter for our power solutions business, sales were up about 12%. If you look at the volume growth, 9% in the aftermarket, 19% in OE, of the 12%, I would say approximately 4% to 5% of that unit volume growth is attributable to new customer wins. The remainder is due to sort of the uplift in the industry. Segment income was very strong at $181 million. Here were just seeing continued strong operational performance, improving product mix, and then I would also call your attention to the fact that in the year ago quarter, we had a $50 million non-recurring charge as we revalued some of our led in inventory. From knowledge flip over to the financial highlights section and as I talk about our financials, Im going to talk about the, our numbers, excluding some of the onetime items that weve talked about earlier here. This lets me really talk the operational and financial trends in each of the businesses. So if we just look at the sales side here up 15% at $8.4 billion, as Steve indicated before, if we back out exchange on the underlying growth was 9%. The increase was really driven by higher volumes associated with the improving industry and share gains in both automotive and battery and battery and building efficiency we are seeing, as I indicated before, we are seeing a sign of that market is bombed out and for the quarter, our revenues were down 8% on a constant currency basis. In terms of gross profit, you can see what 14.7% an improvement of 390 basis points versus the year ago levels. This really reflects both the improvements weve made as associated with our restructuring initiatives, but also better capacity utilization in our manufacturing operation. SG&A expense was $883 million. Were up 3% versus last year again, if you adjust for currency, our underlying results were actually down 2%. Here were maintaining a fairly firm grip on our cost base, but we are investing in some key growth areas and I guess I would also remind folks that last year we had no incentive compensation accruals this year, we are accruing for that. So that also is making the increase look a little bit larger than normal here. Equity income, you can see more than tripled to 53 million and as I mentioned here, the primary driver here that Chinese automotive joint ventures, although we did see improved results in a lot of our joint ventures in other parts of the world within the automotive space. On page 15 here, maybe just talk about financing charges in the quarter, about $35 million. So thats a reduction of $21 million versus last year. Approximately $10 million of that decline is due to some non-recurring foreign currency gains that we had in the quarter. The remainder of the reduction is due to the fact that we had significantly lower borrowing levels and also we saw a real big decline in short term interest rates. Due to a deteriorating geographic mix of our income, offset by some tax planning initiatives, were lowering our effective tax rate for the year from 20% down to 18%. In the as reported column, we also have a $62 million or $0.09 onetime benefit adjusting from deferred tax valuation allowances. As we go through the remainder of the year, we probably have another $100 million to $150 million of potential onetime positive tax items and has been our past practice, well strip those out so you can see underlying rate and exclude those from our operating results. Income from attributable to non-controlling interest, which is formerly known minority interest, you can see that we have a big increase in that charge of $16 million versus zero last year. Thats really, again due to the improved level of profitability in the minority share of our automotive joint ventures primarily in North America and then diluted earnings per share of $0.43, you can see the big turnaround versus last year, really demonstrates the magnitude of the improvement in our business operations. Move over to balance sheet now. Quite frankly, our balance sheet has never been in better shape and our liquidity position continues to improve. If you look at our net debt position, were at about $2.7 billion. We reduced that, as Steve indicated before, by $550 million in the quarter. If you look at our liquidity cushion, which we define as the amount of surplus borrowing capacity that we have over our peak intra monthly need. Its about $3.2 billion at the end of the first quarter. Our cash flow in the quarter was terrific, with net cash flow from operating investing activities or free cash flow of $623 million versus a significant use last year. The real driver in earnings and working capital management, if you look at the elements of our working capital performance, what youll find is its a reduction in our DSO and improvement in inventory churns. On the payables side, we actually had deterioration. It came from the right places and its sustainable. Our net debt, as a percentage of our capitalization was 22%, four point decline in the quarter, and 13 point reduction versus a year ago. In terms of capital expenditures, about $177 million in the quarter, a reduction versus last year. We continue to see our businesses being less capital intensive, as were able to up our manufacturing capacity utilization here without incurring any capital expenditure. As Ill comment on later, however, we are increasing our CapEx outlook for the year to a range of $700 million to $725 million, as weve decided to pull forward some investments we planned for 2011 in our power solutions business. Just giving you a little bit more color in terms of our revised financial outlook, as Steve indicated earlier, were up in our guidance here from $1.70 to $1.75 per share. Let me maybe just comment on a few of the specific line items here. Lets start with revenue. Were increasing our guidance to $33 billion thats $2 billion uplift from October. This increase is really attributable to higher North American vehicle production and stronger volumes and higher lead levels in power solution. In building efficiency, were increasing our sales outlook from plus 3% to plus 5%, reflecting the fact that weve got pretty good visibility on our order quoting activity and were seeing strong growth in those businesses that dont flow through our backlog or order channels. In terms of EPS, $1.70 to $1.75, the primary driver here is increased revenue. The fact that weve reduced our tax base from 20% to 18% adds about $0.04 to our full year numbers. In terms of segment margins, were expanding our year-over-year improvement to 290 basis points. Ive given here the revised guidance for each segment. These are unchanged and weve taken out auto and power solutions significantly. So auto, a range of 2% to 2.2%, is up from 1.3 to 1.6. In the case of power solutions, were at 11.8 to 12 up from a 11 to 11.2. In terms of financing charges, were dropping those fairly significantly to reflect the improved cash flow performance. The foreign exchange gains in the first quarter, and lower short term interest rates, which we expect to see continue through the balance of our fiscal year here. Here at already talked about the increase in capital expenditures and build in power solutions. Then lastly, our net debt, we continue to expect that we will end the year with net debt total capitalization of below 20% and our free cash flow outlook for the year now is about 1.2 billion. That gives us a lot of flexibility to accelerate both our organic investments in our businesses, but also start to look at some M&A opportunities in the marketplace right now. With that, operator, maybe well open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from John Murphy.
John Murphy: Steve I apologize. I dont mean to put words in your mouth, but it sounds there was a quote that came across from you I think in an interview that said you viewed your outlook as intentionally conservative and I was just wondering if you might be able to give us a little bit more detail about where you might think its conservative, or maybe Im completely off. The headline that came across and sometimes those are misquoted, but I just wanted to see if we could give you any detail on that.
Steve Roell: John, I was on CNBC this morning, but I dont think I talked about the outlook at all, so it must have been Bruce.
Bruce McDonald: I think as we indicated in our comments here this morning, we are, I would say, being a little bit cautious in terms of second half of our fiscal year, particularly as it relates to North American order flow where weve been encouraged by the increase in the sharp here, our customers are building inventories this quarter in anticipation of that continuing and were just a little bit uncertain. I think if you look at our production assumptions, John that weve got for the full year were probably 400,000 or 500,000 units below CSM. So CSM is the right in our numbers conservative and I want to look at.
Steve Roell: John, this is Steve now. I think two other things. I guess looking at lot more is the quarter place all, but I think by the time we get into that April timeframe, but then well know what the second half looks like. Its just a function where the consumer is going to be. Were probably hedging our best, too, in terms what kind of pullback there could be in Western Europe. That would be the other thing we dont know. As these incentives come off, whether governments will come back in and extend. We havent improved that, but I think were just concerned about how those markets could respond or react in the second half.
John Murphy: Maybe just staying on autos, looks like if we were to exclude or adjust for the stress of buyer payments or costs of $450 million, your trade incremental margins were about 39%. Thats really high for the seating business and interiors. Is that something that could continue as we see this big production ramp up, or what number should we be thinking about there? It sounds pretty high.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, I think its very high on a year-over-year basis, John, because of the benefits of the restructuring action. I think what we talked about is, if you stripped out restructuring, which we talked about adding $0.10 to $0.15 on the quarter, primarily in automotive, then our underlying contribution margin on incremental volumes in the 15% to 20% range. Thats the number thats sustainable.
John Murphy: Then on building efficiencies, just on the backlog there real quick, whats sort of the duration or whats the timing of this increasing quoting activity that youre seeing? Is this stuff that could roll on really in the next six months, or are we looking at stuff thats 18 months out I would just trying to get a gauge of when this increase could come through?
Steve Roell: I guess the activity were seeing right now would impact it best the late second half of our fiscal year. It has to go from the pipeline to it unsecured to executed work. So, John, I guess I would tell you its maybe fourth quarter and probably gives us more confidence relative to what we have going into 2011.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse.
Chris Ceraso: So if this stuff isnt going to come on maybe till the fourth quarter, why boost the revenue outlook plus five from plus three? Its been there something from somewhere else?
Bruce McDonald: Two things: One, if you look at the parts of our business that dont flow through the order quoting channel, which would be our service business, the North American residential business and global workplace solutions, in the latter two of those, were seeing double-digit growth. So thats driving growth. If you look at orders specifically, we expect to see year-over-year order growth in the second quarter.
Steve Roell: Yes, I guess presumably I will tell is that often times I refer to the pipeline when referring to the North American market. I guess I would tell you, what we see right now, Chris, is some big work out of the Middle East coming at us and so thats probably where the top line I would expect to see growth as well. Well get some of that in the fourth quarter.
Chris Ceraso: Second question, how do we reconcile the margin that you did in the first quarter, particularly in North America, and even in Europe if we adjust for some of these items, the guidance in the low 2% range, you did 5% in North America, 6% in Asia. Is there anything where you were over earning in Q1, or why so weak for the full year versus a good first quarter?
Steve Roell: Well, I think, Chris, couple things. First of all, our anticipation is that were going to start to see a little bit of softness in the volumes in Europe. So, we talked about some operational things that are going to get better for us, but we are concerned, I think like everybody else, about whats sort of going to be the hangover effective of the incentive programs. China performed exceptionally well for us in the quarter, but the sort of comparables get to be a little bit more difficult and the rate of growth there may not be sustainable as we go through the year. As we indicated before, our outlook assumes we sort of trended down here a little bit in Q3 and Q4 in North America.
Chris Ceraso: Just a quick one, the $100 million to $150 million tax, is that cash?
Steve Roell: Its probably half cash items and half non-cash items.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Kwas - Wachovia Capital Markets.
Rich Kwas: I guess, Bruce, or Steve, on the service revenue within building efficiency that was down double digits in the prior quarters. What was the number this quarter? I think you just mentioned that you see things picking up a little bit there. Could you give us a little more color there?
Bruce McDonald: For Q1, our service North America revenue was down 5%.
Steve Roell: Let me tell you what we see there, just to give you a sense. Surprisingly, we saw an increase, a nice double digit increase in new orders and new activity around what we call our scheduled service. So people are running into contracts, where we didnt see the improvement was what we would call small project work, or people who are calling for service work we call labor and material is basically as you would think about at home, you pick up home, you pick up, you dont have a contract which you call up contractor to do service work. Thats still soft. People are still deferring part of that and thats the high margin business for us. So another contributing factor, Rich, to why building efficiencies loss was greater than as earnings, Bruce talked about all those investments we made in IT and in the sales force, but also was the mix. We got a good growth in GWS, which has lower margin than the high margin labor material. So that also was a factor in terms of why, but were not seeing an improvement yet. Were hoping maybe the weather will give us some kicker in January and some of the extreme states, but, were still seeing people defer that maintenance. Not canceling maintenance contracts, which is what we saw two years ago, but rather still postponing maintenance.
Rich Kwas: Steve, how do you feel about the e-Business in Europe right now with the restructuring? I know the end markets are soft, but you still have some restructuring benefits that have to come through later this year. Whats the progress there? What are you seeing?
Steve Roell: Yes, I think theyre slower, probably the slowest of our business in terms of being able to generate the benefit we expected. I think automotive is converting much higher and faster on their restructuring. So well get some benefit, Rich, to your point in the second half, but the key to Europe is going to be volume. Theres nothing we can do in terms of that restructuring. Its going to compensate for the volume side. So weve got forecasts in our European managements forecasting they are going to see growth in the first quarter. That will be a good bellwether for us.
Rich Kwas: Last question on power solutions with lead price, I think theyve moved above where you bench marked for the year. I think $2100 was the number you put out there back in October?
Bruce McDonald: Thats right.
Rich Kwas: Whats your expectation now? Have you revised it and what are your thoughts with the recent activity in the lead price?
Bruce McDonald: Yes, I mean its trending up, as you said, Rich, and weve seen that get as high as a little bit north of 2500. In our outlook right here, were sort of thinking its going to be a couple hundred dollars a ton higher than we talked about. So were using 2300 in the fall, I think we have 2100.
Rich Kwas: How much of a negative impact did that have? I know you raised the overall segment margin, but how much of the negative impact did that have on the margin forecast?
Bruce McDonald: Not very much at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brett Hoselton - Keybanc Capital Markets.
Brett Hoselton: I want to ask about the automotive segment income, and I apologize, I may have missed a little bit of this, but the European production changes that you guys saw, what was the change on a year-over-year basis percentage wise?
Bruce McDonald: Its tough to get specific data, Brett, but if you look at new vehicle registration in the quarter, they were up 18%. So our sense is production and theres not a lot of inventory typically in the channels there. So we would say production was somewhere in the 15% to 20% range.
Brett Hoselton: Then as you think about that $40 million to $50 million in distress that you took in the quarter, what would be the comparable number in the fourth quarter? Is it lower, higher, about the same?
Bruce McDonald: Let me just clarify. Its distressed supplier. Ill say expedited freight because of parts shortages, and some launches that were struggling with $40 million to $50 million in this quarter. I dont have the number in front of me, but Im going to say orders of magnitude, its doubled.
Brett Hoselton: Then as you think about that sequential improvement from the fourth quarter to the first quarter in segment income, you went from $77 million to $121 million. Can you possibly bucket that between the improvements you saw on Europe, improvements you saw in China and North America in terms of was Europe a third of that, China a third of that, North America, third of that? I mean can you kind of give us a break down of what that $44 million sequential improvement?
Bruce McDonald: I dont have that with me, Brett, but we can follow that up with Glen.
Operator: Your next question comes from Colin Langan - UBS.
Colin Langan: Theres actually been some recent speculation about, how Chinas divesture businesses are selling them off. Can you provide any commentary on that? I know in the past, youve said all three divisions were core to your business. Has that changed any way today?
Glen Ponczak: I think what hes asking, theres been talk about some change in our portfolio decision, whether all three of our businesses are core or not. Were changing our thinking in any way.
Steve Roell: Colin, no, were not changing. All three are core. We talked about the value diversification in our business and its paid off for us. We like the growth characteristics of all three. So no, theres no intention to change. Were investing all three.
Colin Langan: Second question, can you give any color to the margin sensitivity on the auto side from higher production estimates, I mean if is closer to CSM? How sensitive are your margin forecasts?
Steve Roell: Again, as weve talked Colin, in the past, we would expect as a general rule of thumb, well get somewhere in the high teens, 20% range on incremental volume, in terms of contribution margin.
Bruce McDonald: Well move along if you need to follow up, give me a shout later on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker: It just on the Europe auto headwinds again I mean how long do you thing those are going to persists and do you think these are industry wide issue are they more specific to you guys.
Bruce McDonald: Well, I think the bulk of them are launch-related that are specific to us, but the financial distress in Europe and parts shortages I think others may see that. I would say the bulk of the charges are JCI specific and in terms of duration here, we expect to see these wind down over the next two to three quarters.
Ravi Shanker: You had mentioned that some of the higher CapEx is going to BNS far solution. Can you elaborate on exactly what you are investing that money in and what about the DOE current I mean how does that come into play here?
Bruce McDonald: Two areas are our focus. One is expanding our capacity in China, in power solutions and the second one is accelerating some investment in our lead smelting operations here. Thats the two areas. In terms of the government grant that really flows through our joint venture that we have with soft which isnt consolidated. So, you dont really see that on the face of our statements.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Brinkman - JP Morgan
Ryan Brinkman: This is Ryan Brinkman for Himanshu. I was hoping you could better help us understand what might have been some of the drivers behind the double digit increase in North American HVAC in the fourth quarter, residential HVAC, in the first fiscal quarter.
Bruce McDonald: This quarters typically a heating month, so you tend to sell more furnaces than air conditioners, just given the weather patterns in the US. I think first of all, we continue to invest in our new product pipeline in that business. We have an industry leading range of high efficiency furnaces. That demand was very robust for us, there was some government incentives to encourage people to buy higher efficiency units, and our investments paid off and we drove the volume growth. Were up 24% in our residential business in the quarter, from the top line perspective.
Ryan Brinkman: You think youve definitely outperformed the industry then?
Bruce McDonald: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Itay Michaeli - Citigroup
Itay Michaeli: You mentioned M&A opportunities specifically in what areas you are looking, and this is to drill into previous rational bit more and the divesture side what are your thoughts on the interior business specifically within the auto industry segment?
Steve Roell: On the M&A side, I guess I would tell you that right now were in the midst of our strategy planning updates and as part of that, were because of the condition of our balance sheet, weve thus off our look in terms of where we can find new growth platforms, typically as weve described in the past, were not consolidators. We dont buy value looking for growth, so primarily looking for technology or geographic reach and we would make M&A investments in all businesses near term. Probably longer term, over a period of time, you would see it more heavily skewed towards building efficiency, but near term, were looking at opportunities across our business lines. From the standpoint of divestures, we are, as I indicated earlier, were not looking to divest in any business. We still feel that we can do well in the interiors business. We have a specific focus on that with our customers and we think well benefit from that overtime and it will improve.
Itay Michaeli: Just a quick book keeping question, did you explicitly breakout auto experience as well as power solution revenue guidance and free cash flow tax include dividends?
Steve Roell: No, we dont provide that breakout. We just give consolidated there.
Itay Michaeli: On free cash flow its include dividends?
Steve Roell: Pay dividends.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Rod Lache: In the auto experience, the 2.9% margin that you did sounds like it was more than a point of drag from distressed suppliers. I just wanted to clarify, this guidance of 2.2% for the year, is the difference between where you are now and the full year mostly just the production falloff that youre anticipating? Are you anticipating any kind of raw material costs acceleration? Can you clarify what your new production assumptions are for North America and Europe?
Bruce McDonald: We arent changing our production outlook, Rod, for Europe, but I would tell you the reduction in the margins is really a reflection of the volume. We were forecasting a softer second half. As Steve indicated, we would anticipate a 15% to 20% conversion rate on incremental volumes and I think if the industry and its numbers are consistent with CSM, then I think most of our forecasted margin deterioration will go away.
Glen Ponczak: Our forecast for North American production is $10.3 million units.
Rod Lache: Raw materials are not a concern at that point in that division?
Steve Roell: I guess, were seeing upward trend. Again, if weve talked in the past about the fact that we have index posturing with our customers, we have no reason to believe that that will continue.
Rod Lache: Just on the power solutions business, how much of that growth do you figure came from restocking and looks like you had a 40% incremental margin there too, which was pretty strong ex-lead. Is that something you see as sustainable in that business?
Steve Roell: Let me comment. Bruce, come in. My sense is just based on the inventory we own in the weather conditions. Order patterns stayed heavy into January. So I think there wasnt a lot of restocking it. I think we saw that maybe earlier in the quarter, the weather patterns that hit in December. That inventory I think was blown up pretty well. We were concerned right about the fact whether or not we could supply our customers. We had so much demand. So Im convinced we havent gone through any restocking to any extent, but I guess I would tell you that as we do talk to our customers, I think they are going to be reverting back to the more normal stocking levels theyve had in the past.
Bruce McDonald: I think Rod, the margin story is I mean its a very highly capital intensive business and when were running at levels of capacity utilization that we were here in the first quarter, it falls through the bottom line very nicely.
Steve Roell: Just to comment, typically in our business, if your work force ends up working over the holiday, thats when you know that youve got demand continues to be sustained during the winter months and we had that situation. We were going full bore at all our plants in the U.S.
Operator: Your next question comes from Pat Archambault - Goldman Sachs.
Pat Archambault: One question, one clarification, can you tell us a little bit about the cadence of margins for the auto business? It used to be they were sort of back end loaded, just because of the timing of recoveries, customer recoveries. Does that still the case or has some of this new indexing that youve done taken away some of that?
Bruce McDonald: I would say if you went back in time, youre quite right. We used to be a lot of customer and commercial settlements flowed through in the fourth quarter. I think thats much more evenly spread now. Its not as lumpy as it once was.
Pat Archambault: I guess thats not, thats a phenomenon that probably goes back two years, Bruce?
Bruce McDonald: Yes.
Steve Roell: I think Bruces answer was absolutely perfect. I think were seeing it smooth. Indexing really was commercial settlements around engineering and cost of recovery.
Pat Archambault: Other one, I know you guys have covered it, but I just wanted to make sure I understood it. Youre talking about going from sort of a year-on-year decline in building efficiency from a volume perspective to an increase next quarter. Your backlog is down though and I know theres a bunch of different moving parts. Can you just walk through that one more time?
Bruce McDonald: First of all, theres businesses that dont flow through the backlog. So workplace solutions, our residential business and our service businesses, all of those, when we talk about backlog and pipeline, are excluded. So those businesses, Jim, you asked the residential business, are growing strong double digit. If you look at the time it takes from an order to start to revenue, and what you see within our first quarter. Our December orders are actually up 6% versus last December, the month of. So weve got good orders momentum and were now starting to see year-over-year growth in orders. Once the order gets booked, it starts to turn into revenue as we execute that job, as Steve said, so based on all of that, our expectation is here that youll start to see that revenue growth happen here in the second quarter.
Pat Archambault: I guess is an order that would take longer than just one quarter to translate into revenue? Isnt it first order then backlog then revenue?
Bruce McDonald: Once we were awarded the order, it goes into the backlog. Lets say its $1 million order, then we will start to revenue that within a month or two. Not the whole million, as we recognize working on a percentage of completion basis, so once we get the order, we do 5% of the work, well book 5% of the revenue and the costs and away we go.
Operator: Your final question comes from Ted Wheeler - Buckingham Research.
Ted Wheeler: When you talked about the costs in Europe from both your own execution on startup and the supplier issues, I guess Im thinking back to a few years ago where you were running margins at 5% and they were the best in the company. Is there any reason that someday when you get these straightened out margins in Europe can get back to good levels like they were before? Is there something structural in Europe thats going to change that?
Bruce McDonald: I would say theres no reason, why it wont get back to where they were. I mean I guess I would just make a couple comments in Europe. Our expectation was that when we restructured our European business to lower the breakeven rate, weve got an awful lot of our backlog, like 80% plus is skewed toward Europe. We were able to take out manufacturing costs. We have a lot of engineering and infrastructure costs to support the launch in top line growth that we expect to see absent the industry turning around. Also restructuring in Europe takes longer and is significantly more expensive. There was no abnormal bubble, I would say in Europe. So we were a bit more cautious in terms of how much costs we took out of that business because we do expect to see it comeback. Ted, our European margins previously were nearly 6% and theres not a fundamental reason that as the business grows and the market recovers, we expect that business, like our other regions to get in that 6% target.
Steve Roell: In addition, to the restructuring that were taking on in Europe, the other thing I guess I would point out, Bruce, is that new backlog in business we did win. The margins are some of the best that weve had, okay. Weve indicated that were going to launch that at much higher margins. So I feel confident, as Bruce indicated, that Europe will be a major contributor to as we as go forward.
Ted Wheeler: One other question, again, on Europe, you talked about I think European building efficiency revenues being up in the second quarter, and Im just wondering, will that be across the product lines? Will that include equipment, or would it be more service-oriented and why dont you give color on pieces of the business?
Steve Roell: First of all, we dont have a strong service base like we do in the U.S. and Europe, so it will be contract work, but we also expect to see the equipment up as well. It wont be a big increase, Ted, but directionally, its up.
Ted Wheeler: Well, its significant I guess, I think, later cycle market, Europe seems to be lagging U.S. in some ways, so thats
Glen Ponczak: Well limit questions there and turn it over to Steve for some concluding comments.
Steve Roell: Okay, thanks, Glen. Well just a couple wrap-up comments. First of all, in terms of the quarter itself, I think what did they demonstrate is the ability to convert on the higher volumes, and we expect to continue to see that, as the year progresses. As weve indicated, were benefiting from those vast cost improvement initiatives, those restructuring costs we took last year. Were cautiously optimistic about our production in North America. I think we spend a great deal of time talking about that. In terms of efficiency, some positives are emerging, but we recognize its a late cycle business. 2010 will continue to be difficult. Well just have to watch it, but were getting more confidence as time goes on. We continue to invest in the growth strategies and thats important from our standpoint to make sure that we take advantage of the energy opportunities and so thats where a lot of our investment is going and then balance sheet continues to strengthen and thats really important. I think what you should take away from the quarter is good top line growth in margin improvement, coupled with strong cash flow. Were off to a good start in 2010. So thanks for your interest and your support of Johnson Controls. I know Glen will be available today as the day plays out, but again, thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Glen Ponczak. Thank you. You may begin.
Glen Ponczak: Thank you Diane and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Before we begin I'd like to remind you of our forward-looking statement. Johnson Controls has made forward-looking statements in this presentation pertaining to its financial results for fiscal 2009 and beyond that are based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are, or could be, deemed forward-looking statements and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates or forecasts. For those statements, the company cautions that numerous important factors such as automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, financial distress of key customers, energy prices, the strength of the U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellation of, or changes to commercial contracts, liquidity, changes in the levels or timing of investments in commercial buildings, the ability to execute on restructuring actions according to anticipated timelines and costs as well as other factors discussed in the company's Form 8-K which was filed March 9, 2009, could affect the company's actual results, and could cause its actual consolidated results to differ materially, from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by, or on behalf of the company. I am joined this morning with, by Steve Roell, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer who will give us an overview of the quarter followed by Bruce McDonald, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will give a review of the results of Q4 followed then by some questions-and-answers. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Stephen A. Roell: Okay. Thanks Glen. Well good morning and thank you for joining us. We saw many of you in New York on October 13 and I think what you will find today is the results that we announced, and very consistent in what we described you at that point. But I am going to go through and just give you a couple of highlights and comments. As we look at the fourth quarter, I've got five points I wanted to review with you. The first is the fact that current quarter was fairly benefited by the continued government stimulus around the world. Certainly a number of European countries, China with its support from a tax standpoint for consumers and of course the U.S., with the cash for clunkers. But I think also in that regard you'd have to also look at some of -- I am sorry we had some interference of the phone call. So to go back, the comment I was about to make was the fact that even despite the fact that there was good stimulus throughout the world we still saw pockets of weakness as evidenced by the fact that the U.S. automotive that was down 21% year-over-year in the quarter. There are signs of growth in emerging markets. Bruce and I spent some time in South America in August and we were pleased to hear the outlook in that country and Brazil relative to all three of our businesses. Obviously there is still good growth in China and we're optimistic about what we're hearing in the Middle East in terms of just the amount of work that's being now brought to bid in Saudi and are building efficiency growth. We did see a return of normal battery stocking patterns which happens at late summer early fall for the winter season, aftermarket in North America units were up 8%. We published the fact that they were up 1% overall obviously what the offset is, is the weakness and still the build schedules but we did see the return to normal stocking patterns in the aftermarket. We do continue to see high interest in energy efficiency and sustainability projects in terms of our bidding activity, I'll come back and talk a little bit later about that. The U.S stimulus AARA funding though is still very weak. We do see some awards in the Federal side and State side but my comment in terms of slowest is particularly evident in the education market, where things have been very, very weak in terms of awards. Some other Q4 highlight, we did see strong demand for performance contracting that's part of our solutions offerings and building efficiency. That's where again we would see the focus on energy. The building efficiency AARA funding stimulus projects were worth about 2.7 that we've been bidding on. We believe there'll be meaningful revenue in late 2010. By contrast when you talked to you last quarter there were 2700 projects and about $800 million that was visible to us. So we are seeing bigger projects, putting in the words, of thus far have been very weak and it will be a late 2010 benefit for us. As you're all aware, I think most of you, we were awarded about $299.5 million Federal grant from the DOE for the building of our domestic lithium ion manufacturing facility which we've announced to be in Holland, Michigan that took place in the quarter. We were again the largest recipient of funds from that from the DOE awards. We did couple of new lithium-ion battery agreements. We highlighted this document Jaguar Land Rover and Volkswagen, we have development contracts. And then finally Bruce will go into much more detail but we were successful late in the quarter with a conversion of the $805 million of debt to equity. And Bruce will go into that in more detail. In terms of awards and recognition, I did want to call out the fact that in Newsweek, we were noted as the -- ranked as the number 11th Greenest Large Companies. That ranking pretty much looked at the S&P 500 and we were recognized well from the standpoint of our product offerings as well as the fact what we do internally at JCI relative to energy efficiency and greenhouse gas emissions control. And then there are two other awards I wanted to call out, were WalMart and Advanced Auto which in both cases pertained to our power solutions business and the fact that we continue to be recognized for our performance by both of those strong customers. Turning to the numbers for the fourth quarter, our sales were 7.9 billion that compared to 9.3 billion in 2008. Just to give you two elements of that, we had foreign exchange contributed 243 million of that delta and lead was another 216 million. Our segment income was 514 million. We were profitable in all geographic regions of automotive experience and in fact, North American profits in the quarter were ahead of those of fiscal Q4 of 2008. Our power solutions group, as Bruce will go through, recorded a record quarterly results with a strong quarter, with good demand. Our net income of 339 that yielded $0.52 per diluted share compared to $0.73 I Q4 of'08, very much in line of what we guided. And with that, I'm going to turn over to Bruce who will walk through the businesses and the financial detail.
R. Bruce McDonald: Okay thanks Steve. Okay just starting with automotive, we were extremely pleased with our results here in the automotive in the quarter. If you look at our fourth quarter numbers I think it really demonstrates the success of our restructuring initiatives and our ability to take cost out of that business. The fact that we're able to be profitability at these depressed levels I think it speaks volumes of our restructuring activities. If you're looking at the revenue side, we're down 12% on a constant currency basis with double digit declines in both North America and Europe. Again excluding currency, our sales were generally better than the production levels in the markets that we're operating in generally -- mainly attributable to the launch of new business award. And specifically in North America our sales were down 12% versus a production decline of 21%. In Europe, our sales were down 12% versus an estimated production decline of 13%. The market in China continues to be exceptionally robust. In the quarter, our sales in China were actually up mainly through the unconcluded joint ventures were up 62% and that compares to an industry production increase of about 77%. So, that was sort of skewed towards smaller vehicles. Earlier this year we committed to getting our auto business to a breakeven run rate by the end of the fiscal year. And I'm proud to report on behalf of our automotive experience division that we are sort tracking ahead of that goal. In the quarter our segment income was 77 million which compares against 147 million in 2008. And while our profitability continues to be adversely impacted by lower volumes, the RC and the benefit of the restructuring initiatives and I think if you look at the Q4 results that demonstrate a $91 million sequential quarterly improvement versus our third quarter level. As Steve indicated, we were profitable in all geographic regions in North America. We had a return on sales of 2.7%, in Europe it was 1.4%, in Asia 4.3 %. Our profitability in Europe continues to be a little bit negatively impacted by high engineering and launch costs. We have a lot of our backlog flows through in Europe. We're also seeing some signs of distress in the supply base and late in the quarter we started to experience some manufacturing inefficiencies as running into components part and part shortages in the supply chain. Flipping over to building efficiencies, our sales here of 3.3 billion were down 13% on a constant currency basis. Kind of a mixed bag if we look at the various businesses, our North American systems business was down 8% and that's really reflecting the fact that our exposure to the institutional markets, which -- healthcare, government education were tended to be a lot more resilient than the office retail and lodging sectors where we're under exposed. Our service business was down 15%, though we did see PSA or as contracts with scheduled service growth. We continue to see customers define discretionary maintenance and an equipment retrofit. And now we're still seeing delays with our solutions business associated with clarification of the AARA funding guidelines. We did see a strong order intake in our solutions business in the month of September and we are hopeful that carries on here into the first quarter. Excluding the impact of exchange, Europe and the rest of the world were down 15 and 17% respectively. In Europe, most declines are really heavily skewed towards Eastern Europe, Russia and our residential businesses. Let's look at our backlog in the quarter. We were down 9% at 4.3 billion on a constant currency basis that's 9% as well. So a little bit of a degradation versus where we were in the second quarter. If you look at the details of our backlog, we did see an increase in the solution side and our reduction in North American market was lower single-digits, so low double-digits in other parts of the world. In terms of our profitability, we're down 56% to 138 million, though that includes $105 million residential warranty charge here in North America. If we stripped that out, our underlying segment income declined by 23%. Let's sort of look at the various businesses, pre the warranty charge, our North America residential business was profitable on the quarter, with about 4% return on sales. We saw year-over-year improvements in our profitability in both systems, our North American systems business and global workplace solutions. But this was more than offset by declines in our businesses in Europe, the Middle East and Latin America. Now as we go into 2010 for building efficiency, our backlog is about exactly in line where we thought it would be. And we've guided to a 3% revenue growth for building efficiency in 2010. I just like to remind everybody that we at our analyst meeting, we did talk about the fact that our revenue growth is going to be back-end loaded. So as we go into the Q1 and Q2 of fiscal 2010, our expectation is that, we're going to start off the year with revenues in, down about 10 %. That's we're going to enter 2010 and we expect then to see substantial improvement in our revenue flowing through the year. If I turn to power solutions, as Steve indicated, we had a record quarter. We never made -- our profits have never been strong. If we look at the sales side, down 17%. If you back out lead and foreign exchange, our sales were roughly comparable to last year and reflect that global increase in our volumes about 1%. Globally our auto aftermarket business we saw 5% unit growth. That really reflects both new business awards and the cessation of destocking activity that we saw earlier in the year. If you look -- the OE side of the business which comprises about 20% of our business, sales were generally down in line with the industry production levels. In terms of our segment income, the record 194 million, that really reflects strong operating performance in our business and a better product mix, i.e. more aftermarket volume. I would note that the year-over-year improvement is somewhere inflated by the fact that our year ago numbers were depressed by a lag in recovering commodity costs of 15 to 20 million. Let's go now to the financial highlights, and as I cover the next two slides, I am going to really talk to the -- I put in here the shade -- shaded comp of our reported results. But I'm going to talk to 2009 excluding items and compare that to 2008 excluding restructuring charges so that I can talk to the operational and financial trends in our businesses. So looking at the top-line, our sales were about 7.9 billion or 15% below last year. Out of that 15% decline, about 2% is due to foreign exchange and another 2% is due to lower lead prices. So underlying decline is 11% and that was really driven by lower auto production levels and the revenue softness in building efficiency. On the gross profit line, I am pleased to see here the 60 basis point improvement to 15.9%. And that really reflect the success that we've had taken down our manufacturing footprint and flexing our factory costs. You'll recall I think last quarter we talked about our margin was being negatively impacted in building efficiency by legacy copper hedges and discounting associated with some of our activities that reduced our inventory levels. So those were where we weren't factoring in the quarter, that's behind us now. In terms of SG&A, 761 million, down 10% versus last year. Here we're seeing the benefit of our restructuring actions. But you are also seeing us maintain our investment with some of our key growth initiatives. Then lastly on this page, maybe a comment on equity income of 27 million which is down slightly from last year's 31 million. And here what we've got is the strength of our Chinese joint ventures show a strong benefit versus prior year levels. But that was offset by two factors: one, higher levels of investment in our staff to joint venture where we are developing our lithium iron battery technology, and then some charges for some plant closures in a non-consolidated North American automotive joint venture. Those are the two factors that pushed it to year-over-year decline. Going over to slide 10 then, a comment maybe on net financing charges of 72 million which were about $18 million higher than prior year's. That increase is really a 100% attributable to the higher cost coupons associated with the convertible debt that we issued this year. I am going to talk a bit about that in my next slide but with the completion of our exchange offer, our expectation is that quarterly net financing charges to be in that $50 million to $55 million range as we go into 2010. There were several non-recurring tax items in the fourth quarter which I've summarized in the appendix and I don't plan on going through here in my remarks. You can go through those and if there is any questions we would be happy to take them. But from an underlying rate perspective we were 22.7% in the quarter and that compares to 21% in Q4 of last year. And as we talked about at our analyst meeting as we go into 2010, combination of a better geographic mix of our income and some of our tax planning initiatives, our expectation is our rate for next year is going to be about 20%. Then lastly on minority interest, we had a benefit of 3 million in the quarter versus a charge of 4 million last year. That reduction is really attributable to lower levels of profitability in some of our North American automotive joint ventures. Our earnings per share, stripping out the items, was $0.52 per share, which is actually a 100% improvement over Q3, though it's a 29% deduction versus last year. On slide 11 here, maybe just talk a little bit about the early exchange offer, before I get into the details on our balance sheet, cash flow and liquidity. As you'll recall that back in March we issued 852.5 million of both convertible bonds and mandatory convertible equity units. We issued those at a time when our access to capital was limited and in the fourth quarter we decided we would take an action to entice those holders to convert that at high cost debt into equity. So we were pleased to see that in the quarter, our exchange offer was successfully completed. We got over 99% of our convertible bonds, converting to equity and then 90% of our equity that's converted into equity. So on a net basis we took a 111 million charge associated with that transaction in the fourth quarter and the net impact on our balance sheet was over about a $700 million reduction in our net debt. The economics of this transaction were pretty compelling, the annual interest savings were about 70 million a year. So we took a $111 charge and we saved $70 million a year for the next two and half years so, pretty compelling transaction. Just going through our balance sheet little bit of detail here, with the completion of the exchange offer and our Q4 cash flow, quite frankly our balance sheet's never been in better shape. We have a $2 billion revolver which backstops our commercial paper program and that's undrawn, it matures in -- a little bit more than two years from now. On liquidity cushion which we define as our -- all of the sources of liquidity that we have as compared to our peak intra-month cash requirement is an excess of 2.5 billion. We have a very few debt maturities that come due in the next year about 125 million that we do have about a $1 billion in 2011. We continue to see strong investor demand for commercial paper. I think I talked about this at our analyst meeting overnight paper we're sort of issuing that 40 to 50 basis point range. Our cash flow in the fourth quarter was 404 million and we define cash flow here as operating minus investing activities. I guess I would remind folks that included in that number is $90 million discretionary contribution to our U.S. defined benefit plan or pension plan. Ex that item our cash flow was nearly 500 million in the quarter. Our net debt to capitalization was 26% versus 34% at the end of the third quarter. And our business as I think generally performed well again this quarter in terms of their working capital management which was a source of about 212 million. And I think if you look at our inventory in particular, in 2009 we have reduced our overall inventory position by over 27%, so a good accomplishment by our business teams. CapEx in the quarter was 118 million which is less than half of what it was in Q3... sorry, Q4 of last year. We continue to see the benefits of better capacity utilization in both automotive and power solutions. And as we indicated in New York a couple of weeks ago, we expect a modest increase in capital expenditure next year into that 650 to 675 million range. Then lastly on the 2010 outlook, I guess a sort of key message here is we're really not changing our guidance versus 2010. I guess we would acknowledge we are encouraged by the recent positive production trends in the auto business here in North America in particular which is benefiting both our auto business and power solutions. Though we are little bit cautious because we are just waiting to see some signs that this consumer demand for -- and vehicle starts to pick up. So we have little bit of I think a cautious outlook versus some of the external analysts. We're just going to wait and see how consumer demand reacts in the next couple of months here. So with that, I will turn it back over to you, Steve.
Stephen A. Roell: Okay, fine. Just a couple of wrap up comments regarding the 2010 outlook and this is again consistent with what we discussed with you in New York. First of all as Bruce would indicate our markets are beginning to stabilize. We are seeing increasing benefits from our cost improvements restructuring activities that we -- that took place throughout 2009. Our strategies and offerings will continue to look how we can take advantage of the global growth megatrends around energy efficiency, sustainability in the emerging markets. As Bruce indicated, we have good financial strength in our balance sheet right now. We will continue to look for ways we can accelerate our investments to grow both organically and through acquisitions. And the primary focus for 2010 and beyond is to go back and drive that sustainable powerful growth that we discussed with you. As Bruce indicated I think we are looking at markets in a realistic manner. We are looking for more indicators of signs from the consumers. We again are looking at what we can do to drive our results. And that's around our cost structure and how we can gain share and grow in the markets that we anticipate in. So with that Diane we are going to open it up for questions -- Q&A. So we know we have got a number of people in the queue. So we will go ahead and turn it to you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session, (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Rich Kwas, Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Richard Kwas: Hi, good morning guys.
Stephen Roell: Good morning Rich.
R. Bruce McDonald: Hi Rich.
Richard Kwas: Question on auto, 2.2% margin, very strong showing given your guidance for 2010, 1.3 to 1.6% margin. Realizing the business is seasonal, how should we think about that going forward? It seems like the guidance is fairly conservative and I know your comments were that you want to be conservative at this point. But just some more color on that would be helpful.
Stephen Roell: Well Rich, this is Steve. Let me start. I think that we are talking about a recovery I the auto build in fiscal '10, but I think if you look at even the first quarter of the one that we are currently in, our first fiscal quarter, production estimate to be down 6% year-over-year. So what we are saying is that we expect to see that the build up 13-14% but we are going to start in whole the right out of the box. So I think as Bruce indicated we just want to see where the consumer is and if we see stronger demand then we hope you are right. Then we hope we are overly conservative but right now it's going to be a latter half for the year.
Richard Kwas: Okay. And then on the Steve on the distressed suppliers in Europe or I guess Bruce. Is that picking up steam or what do you think you are in term of seeing the stress there right now?
R. Bruce McDonald: I would say -- I wouldn't maybe say it's picking up steam but it just keeps on going, I guess. We are not really seeing a lot of that -- I think North America that's improving and people have adjusted their cost base. Production is back to normal but I think in Europe there is a little bit lot more pressure in the tier two, tier threes than we've seen before.
Stephen Roell: It's not a huge issue, I would put, it's 15 to 20 million a quarter type number for us.
Richard Kwas: Okay. And then just last question Steve, you talked about, earlier in the year you talked about the stimulus benefit kind of thinking about at over a three year timeframe let's say 2010-2012. I think in last week talked about their benefit, they think the benefit to them is going to be more in 2010 and 2011. Given what you're seeing at least on the bidding activity and kind of how the timing in these projects are playing out. Is there any change to that kind of three year timeframe in terms of the bulk of the revenue coming online?
Stephen Roell: No Rich, I think that's still -- because I think what you'll find is that there are projects that are, I would call, shovel ready. But even for the school market I think that we're going to find out that as it's awarded, it's going to take time for it to trickle down to get the funding done, to get the construction complete. So I think 2010, '11, '12 are clearly I would expect maybe 2011 to be the peak.
R. Bruce McDonald: Maybe just our exposure of the educational market in particular and that's going to -- that would be in the laggard.
Stephen Roell: If we look at our orders in the quarter, we did see a bump in the federal side. That's where one of our stronger markets enters the new order's book in the month on the quarter but we've not seen it as I have indicated in education whatsoever so far.
Richard Kwas: Okay. Great, that's helpful. Thank you.
Stephen Roell: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lew, ThinkEquity. Your line is now open.
Michael Lew: Hi good morning and thank you for taking my questions.
Stephen Roell: Hi Michael.
R. Bruce McDonald: Hi Michael.
Michael Lew: Hi. You've indicated that in building efficiency business you are bidding on 3,300 projects attributed to the stimulus. But you mentioned there is also delays of projects related to potential eligibility, how much do you estimate that pool of opportunity to be?
Glen Ponczak: Well it's Glen here, Mike. I mean think you think about it, we've identified a $12 billion opportunity and we're bidding on about something approaching 3 billion right now. So the bulk of the opportunities is still yet to come by.
Stephen Roell: And the biggest piece of that opportunity when we earmarked, there were four elements, here is the federal, state, education and renewables and that the part that was the largest was the education piece, Michael we've been talking about. That's the one that's really a laggard.
Glen Ponczak: That was like a $5 billion piece Mike.
R. Bruce McDonald: Just Mike, maybe just to help you out on the delayed comment. What we're seeing is jobs that we have been working with our customers on and we're sort of at the advanced stage and expecting to receive an order. Once the AARA funding came out, people have sort of put the brakes on those and said, wait on a minute, I want to make sure I might be eligible for this government funding, for part of this project. So I'm just going to slow walk the order process here. That's what we've -- so I'd say in the short term while we have a lot of work in our auto activity in our pipeline, our orders were -- it was a negative too and we don't expect that to continue for much longer.
Stephen Roell: Let me describe that to you, we have what's called a pipeline and yet for those of you that don't know that definition, that's work that we're currently bidding on which we're waiting for an award. At the end of the year, our fiscal year, our pipeline activity in our service segment which should be primarily around performance contracting and retrofit was up 13% year-over-year. So, as we indicated, we are seeing the work in just in terms of renewable and solutions and retrofit activity that's tied to AARA or just in general. And so we're seeing that kind of a bump. Just to kind of finish that comment, our systems pipeline is not about 4%, which again I think, if you contrast, people -- some people are talking about in terms of the decline in systems activity, the 4% is probably somewhat what we're seeing and expect to see in our order pattern. So that s why Bruce mentioned we'll be little bit weaker in the first quarter probably to some of these flows but as we get to the latter half part of the year we've got several things we think that will help.
Michael Lew: Okay. And also quickly on the emerging growth area in lithium ion you talked and you mentioned the Jaguar and Volkswagen, are these exclusive contracts and when would you anticipate to begin delivering products?
Stephen Roell: Michael, we haven't been able to disclose that level of detail yet. So stay tuned on that.
Michael Lew: Okay all right. And one last question, automotive experience you've been working on like on some potential opportunities and providing seats into commercial aerospace industry. I mean there is a tremendous opportunity there given the backlog of over 7000 personal aircraft between Airbus and Boeing. Can you comment on the progress being made there and do you anticipate moving forward on this opportunity this fiscal year in 2010?
Stephen Roell: Well I would guess, two ways to describe. We've been doing some research. We've been doing with some of the airlines in that regard. I wouldn't expect it to be significant part of our business going forward okay.
Michael Lew: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Hoselton, KeyBanc, your line is open.
Stephen Roell: Hi Brett can you hear us?
Brett Hoselton: Yes I can, Steve, Bruce, Glen. Couple of questions here. First of all you mentioned something about, I think it was part shortages in the automotive experience group. My question is if I understood that correctly, what's short, why and do you think this is a major or just a minor issue? I mean one of the concerns that we have is during this ramp up you are going to end up with some part shortages which might cost some disruptions in the supply chain and --
Stephen Roell: Yeah.
Brett Hoselton: Sounds like you might be seeing a little bit of that?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah I think this I wouldn't say as a comment that's specific to Johnson Controls. I mean I am sure you've read recently that with -- Chrysler had to shut down one of their Jeep facilities, because they had some part shortages from one of their suppliers. I would tell you in terms of us, it's probably the biggest areas in the electronics side where we are seeing some component shortages in that part of our business.
Stephen Roell: So this isn't a function of distressed suppliers who are creating disruption. This is really just overall demand for electronics.
Brett Hoselton: Okay. And then switching gears over to the building efficiency side, bidding on 2.7 billion in the stimulus projects, it sounds like there is a wide range of outcomes there. And I am wondering as we look at your building efficiency expectations for 2010, should we consider your guidance to be kind of pessimistic, realistic, optimistic with regards to the bidding on these stimulus projects?
Stephen Roell: Realistic Brett. Brett, I think it's realistic. I think there is a part Brett that was that -- the hardest thing is not -- it's just the timing of all these projects.
Brett Hoselton: Got it.
Stephen Roell: Okay and that's why we've decided -- and it's proven out. I mean we've been describing the fact for sometime that it has been slow and we expect it to be later than maybe most people though it would be. And that s what it's panned out. And so I think we've been very realistic in terms of how it's going to go from shovel ready project to something that can actually be done.
Brett Hoselton: Okay great. Gentlemen thank you very much.
Stephen Roell: Thanks Brett.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Johnson, Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Brian Johnson: Good morning.
Stephen Roell: Hi Brian.
Brian Johnson: Back to the building efficiency and sort of the cadence through fiscal year 2010, within the services being down how of that was technical services, how much of that was some of the other things you do? And how do you expect the service line to develop in North America through the year?
R. Bruce McDonald: Well within services, there's really four main buckets. There's a normal service business, we do technical services. That business holds up pretty well. There's project related work and that's very discretionary, down double-digit and there is a solutions business in there which is up. And there is retrofit, replacing equipment is broken and that's down double-digits. So that's kind of four elements in there. The one that's I'd say really shut down the fastest on here was the project work early in this year. And so we expect to start to see sort of favorable year-over-year comps.
Stephen Roell: In fact, we're starting to see that in our pipeline Bruce. Okay,
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah.
Stephen Roell: So in our pipeline, we're starting to see the project work come up. So that's a good sign. That was a -- we didn't expect that in the fourth quarter and that was probably the biggest surprise of our pipeline activity.
Brian Johnson: Okay. And that's pipeline that's not in backlog. Is that correct?
Stephen Roell: That's right. Pipeline means it's work that we're bidding on that once awarded it will go, it will be an award that will go in the backlog.
Brian Johnson: Okay. So and the technical services, you said holding up early in the year that had actually had ticked down on a year-over-year and on a sequential basis. Is that now firming?
Stephen Roell: Let me try to describe that to you. We described that it was weak. Remember we described, Brian that's being tied to a number of retail customers, okay? We're putting that off. They have not come back but what we're saying is it hasn't changed.
Brian Johnson: Okay.
R. Bruce McDonald: Stabilized.
Stephen Roell: Stabilized yeah.
Brian Johnson: Okay. And in terms of residential shipments, what's your best guess around when those might pick up?
R. Bruce McDonald: Well its a tough one, though, our outlook for the next year as we talked about in New York is we're forecasting about an 18% increase in new construction starts. So we expect to see -- it's a very seasonal business as you know from the second half year, so I guess the real evidence of the strength of that market is where you're going to see in our third quarter.
Stephen Roell: We'll start seeing that probably March, April, probably April would be the date, we normally would start to see that the demand pick up, that's sort of the date that we watch in that month.
Brian Johnson: So more reasons, our building efficiency is going to be a back end loaded event.
Stephen Roell: That's correct.
Brian Johnson: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rod Lache, Deutsche Bank, your line is now open.
Rod Lache: Good morning everybody.
R. Bruce McDonald: Hi Rod.
Rod Lache: Just also to follow up on building efficiency, did you say earlier that your pipeline for performance contracting was up 13% and systems pipeline up down 4%. Is that right?
Stephen Roell: That's correct except, I didn't say -- what I would only clarify is that with our all of our service captions okay, which would be our project work solutions and our retrofit was up 13%.
Rod Lache: Okay.
Stephen Roell: And then you are correct, systems was done four.
Rod Lache: Okay but based on your comment on sales it sounds like your bookings versus billing is still somewhat negative. Are you seeing are you expecting to sort of a bottoming of backlog around the first quarter based on that early read on the pipeline?
R. Bruce McDonald: In Q1 or Q2.
Rod Lache: Okay. And then can you repeat again you ran through this pretty quickly; the automotive experience regional margins, you said Asia was 4.3% and also on auto experience, can you talk about what the consolidated proportion of your backlog would be and whether that's changing in terms of kind of the mix of products business, electronic, interior or however that's changing?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah Rod, if you look on slide the slide that has the auto numbers on it, we actually did put our we said we -- yeah slide six. Here is sort of the cadence of our 2.5 billion backlog we said 70% of it's consolidated, 30% non-consolidated. And then we show you here is how it flows through the years if you look at the numbers 93% of our backlog is outside of North America. And roughly evenly split between Europe and Asia.
Rod Lache: Okay. And can you repeat the margins?
R. Bruce McDonald: I said -- this is for Q4. So, North America was 2.7, Europe was 1.4 and Asia was 4.3.
Rod Lache: Okay. And then just lastly was there has there been any difference in sort of the composition of business within the backlog? Is it less seating more electronics, how is that changing at this point?
R. Bruce McDonald: More in seating.
Rod Lache: More in seating?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah, heavily skewed toward seating.
Rod Lache: Okay, great, thank you.
R. Bruce McDonald: Okay thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ceraso, Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Christopher Ceraso: Thanks, good morning.
Stephen Roell: Hi Chris.
Christopher Ceraso: So it seems relatively clear that maybe there is some upside potential on the margin, in the automotive business but let's talk for a second if we can about the building business. You're guiding the 5.6 to 5.8% on the margin for next year. It's a relatively tight range. Where would you say the risk is there to that number? What has to go wrong for you to miss on the downside on the margin in the building business?
R. Bruce McDonald: I guess I would say we're clearly forecasting a pickup in the revenue in the back half of the year. So if the economy turns out to be a lot worse than I guess folks are expecting, then we probably would see less of a pick up in that -- second half and that would be detrimental to us, probably the biggest single area.
Stephen Roell: Just it was probably residential Bruce but we try to -- we've out stepped (ph) that in terms of the elements, I think we've been pretty comfortable with it. But to the extent that residential, I can't imagine would -- to get worse than where it is today that would be other one. But we try to look at our -- this we've done from a cost standpoint and I think we feel comfortable with what the margins side of that, because we're controlling a lot of it. I guess you could only say Chris there could be some further softness in service which would be our higher margin business but the fact that it's stabilized gives us pretty good comfort there. So we try to figure out where the risk could be, I think we are okay with that number.
Christopher Ceraso: Okay. And then just a couple of housekeeping items you mentioned on the equity line Bruce that some of it was a closure charges at a JV, how much was that? And then how much do you -- what are you spending on investment? What is the drag on the equity line some of the investment in the battery business? And is that going higher as we go forward?
R. Bruce McDonald: Well the charge on the equity line in auto was around $5 million something like that, our share of it, the total charge is obviously greater. In terms of the -- we haven't never broken out the results of our joint venture separately but the cost is increasing. It's a headwind for us as we go into 2010.
Christopher Ceraso: Okay. Is it big enough that you're going to see your equity income like that over time or is that going to stay positive?
R. Bruce McDonald: I just think it will -- what you will see is that'd sort of be flattish because the gains that we're making elsewhere getting offset with higher investment in the business.
Christopher Ceraso: Okay. And then just the last housekeeping item, there was 18 million in Q4 under the heading of Effective Dilutive Securities, is that something that we need to dial-in in subsequent quarters or is that a one time thing in Q4?
R. Bruce McDonald: I am not sure I understand what -- what page are you referring to Chris?
Christopher Ceraso: I have to go back in the press release. I will follow up with you.
R. Bruce McDonald: I think what we might have said is the -- I made a comment when I talked about financing charges that there is about $18 million increase in the quarter versus last year. That is all due to the higher coupon on the mandatory and convertibles, now that those have been exchanged, that goes away. That's why our interest run rate goes from the mid 70s down to 50 to 55 range.
Christopher Ceraso: In other words, it was in the back of the press release, there is 18 million financing cost related to convertible senior notes. So that's a one-timer?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah.
Christopher Ceraso: 18 million?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah.
Christopher Ceraso: Okay that's good. Thanks.
R. Bruce McDonald: Chris, give us a call and I'll take you through that in more detail.
Christopher Ceraso: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from David Leiker, Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
David Leiker: Good morning.
R. Bruce McDonald: Hi David.
David Leiker: Just I don't know if you probably touched on your analyst day or not, keep it there but this warranty charge in the residential, I mean that's a good number relative to the revenue line in that business. I just want to get a better understanding of what's going -- what that was about?
Stephen Roell: There were two elements to it, David, first it was a triple of a warranty reserve, okay, pushed back to part -- more of a accounting policy matter, okay. That was about 29 million of that number. And the rest of it had to do with basically a single item where the best I can describe to you, it was an application of film that was intended to be anticorrosive and ended up having a problem for us in high humidity areas. So we think we've got a favorable box but that sort of pertains to it round the clock.
David Leiker: So that's something that had over several years.
Stephen Roell: I think its three year period, Okay.
David Leiker: Okay. And the stimulus funding for this 2.7 billion that you are bidding on now, what magnitude of that revenue base you think you could see in the back half of 2010? Is that a couple of hundred million dollar item or is it something that could push more than that?
Stephen Roell: I hope it's more than that, David. We have settled a lot that we thought we had the right to 25% of that. We are bidding on that 2.7, we should see that start to flow into our backlog and how it executes it depends on the size of the job in each of the job.
R. Bruce McDonald: I think as we stand we right now we have about 60 or 70 million of AARA's orders in our backlogs. So we don't lose, we don't have to get very much more to get the 200 million you are referring.
Stephen Roell: Yeah it should be stronger than that.
David Leiker: And then 2.7 stuff that you are bidding and get awarded and startup before the end of 2010?
R. Bruce McDonald: I would hope so.
David Leiker: Okay. On the power solutions side, if I'm doing my math correctly your margin here in the quarter is well above what your mid term target is. And that how of that is the seasonality in this quarter? Can you just get me explain that a little bit?
R. Bruce McDonald: I guess the margins are typically that this is our strongest seasonal quarter in terms of our mix shipment. So that helps us. The lead assumption that we made our 2010 guidance based on was about 2100 a ton in the quarter. We were in I think 1900 was the sort of average. So when you sort of normalize back, that takes things down. And quite honestly, I would say our shipments in this quarter we were surprised that the strength on the aftermarket side and OE was we have got a lot of pull through here with the OE restocking in North America.
David Leiker: Okay.
R. Bruce McDonald: We have done -- I mean we can make, I mean that business is very capital intensive and it is very sensitive to demand. We have a high and also incremental profit pull through in that business. So if once the volume does start to pickup here in the OE side of the business, I mean this is kind of the level of profitability that business can crank out.
Stephen Roell: David, we should also say that level right now is above 2300.
David Leiker: Yeah, I know.
Stephen Roell: So again what we have seen along is, it doesn't impact our profitability but it is going to impact our margins, highly.
David Leiker: Yes, I understand that and then on the manufacturing side and batteries business, where are you in rolling out your manufacturing strategy across the globe, how much that has been done and what's left to go?
Stephen Roell: You talking about PowerFrame, David?
David Leiker: PowerFrame, correct.
Stephen Roell: It's been done for quite sometime in North America, I think sensibly done in Europe. And still is the next phase of China and South America come after that.
David Leiker: Okay. So there's still some upside from that as well?
Stephen Roell: Yes. Let me throw one more, just on your first question, remember too, there was a 15 to $20 million negative commodity hit in 2008 as well.
David Leiker: Right. Okay. Sure. And then in the last item, here is debt to capital, historically I think you've talked like 30-35% was your targeted debt to capital number. Have you in light of what's happened over the last year changed that assumption in terms of what normal debt to capital number is for you that you're comfortable with?
R. Bruce McDonald: No, I think that's still the right long term. I guess I would tell we got little bit nervous in the back then March April timeframe when the market got so tight. And access to CP was a question. But no that's still the right level of leverage for us.
David Leiker: Great thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the Itay Michaeli from Citi, your line is now open.
Itay Michaeli: Great thanks, good morning.
R. Bruce McDonald: Good morning.
Itay Michaeli: Want to just clarify one thing on the auto experience margin Bruce. I think at the meeting you referenced that you can get to a 3% level at a 10.5 million North American production. Just want to clarify is that a sort of all else equal achievable in fiscal '10 or is that more of the fiscal of a '11 target with the incremental backlog you get in fiscal '11?
R. Bruce McDonald: Well we just need to be careful here because I know a lot that would get a lot of questions about -- asking about production level and margin levels, if you look at the -- I talked about where we were from a regional basis here. When we said, we talked about being in the next 3% range globally in 2011. That's what we said we saw and that was based on Europe being in that sort of low -- sorry North America being in the low 10. So we are pretty comfortable about it. But if you look at just this quarter the issues for us our European business is at 1.4% right now. We got to work our way through the launch issues, we got a lot more upside operating leverage because that business is much larger when the volumes in Europe pick up.
Stephen Roell: We've talked about our margin aspirations being at 6 to 7% when we get to sort of normalized production levels. And we're comfortable we can get there in all three geographic regions in all of our product lines. So as we start to ramp I think we feel really good about this.
Itay Michaeli: Right so that's helpful. And then just going to commodities for a second, I think I also referenced 90% of your business has indexing in place. Is that a similar percentage for the auto experience business or is that for the auto...
Stephen Roell: That's just an auto...
Itay Michaeli: Okay that's great and then one last housekeeping. Bruce, can you just remind us what the pension contribution assumed in the fiscal '10 cash flow?
R. Bruce McDonald: About we're making discretionary expenditures of about 100 to 125 million in U.S. on a global basis pension contribution in that 250 range.
Itay Michaeli: Okay great. Any product maybe increasing that, it may be an opportunistic use of cash or you're likely kind of stick to that, that target throughout the year?
R. Bruce McDonald: We'll probably going to -- I mean at t point in time we're going to going to stick with it but the circumstance has changed. We may re-look at it. But that's where we see it right now
Itay Michaeli: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ravi Shankar, Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. You had said that your production expectations for 2010 reconciled with on the auto side and certainly some analysts are well above your expectations. I know that we definitely are. If it does seem that you are conservative and the level of production is much higher, I mean are you prepared for that and especially I mean do you think that T2 and T3 supply base is prepared for that?
Stephen Roell: Yeah. I think it depends on that. But I am sure, if I don't know what the estimates are but we have the ability to flex pretty very well and it goes up without having much cost. So that's actually we've been issued to us whatsoever. But again I would just caution, we are looking at a fiscal year. I think people may be looking at calendar year. So I would just ask to make sure that you look at your estimates probably that you look at that as well okay.
Unidentified Analyst: Right absolutely. And also I think you had said that on the building efficiency side for 1Q, did you say revenue was probably going to be down 10%?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah.
Unidentified Analyst: So can you also help us on the auto side, I mean what you are seeing there in terms of cadence of production?
R. Bruce McDonald: Well as Steve talked about, earlier in the call, we're looking at 6% decline in Q1.
Stephen Roell: That's the industry.
R. Bruce McDonald: In North America only.
Stephen Roell: Yeah. North America only is down 6 % year-over-year in our fiscal Q. And what we've said is for the full year, if you recall we expect it to be up I think close to 13% is what our number is, even if I -- Glen now okay.
Glen Ponczak: Correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And finally on the cash flow, it looked like even after you adjust for the pension contribution, cash flow is probably a little soft in the quarter compared to last year at least. Did it come in line with your expectations? And do you think like working capital is going to be an issue going forward?
Stephen Roell: I think if you look at our cash flow and adjusted for the pension contribution we did this year and the fact that our -- the shortfall is really at all driven by the lower earnings. So came in about where we expected it. I was pleased to see the working capital performance during the fourth quarter. Even if you look for the full year I think we did a nice job like I said in my comments our inventories came down by 27% this year, so we're pretty lean there. And we're in good shape.
Glen Ponczak: Yeah, I think Ravi if you look at it just at the three units of cash flow that we look at our operations to manage, which is receivable inventory and payables. We saw basically a $400 million working capital, positive cash generation from those three working capital units. And I always like when I see receivable and inventory being the big contributors.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Coleman, Sterne Agee, your line is now open.
Michael Coleman: Hey good morning.
Stephen Roell: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Coleman: Going back to the building efficiency margin what -- within that 5.6 to 5.8, what are you assuming in terms of material cost or an inflation assumption?
Stephen Roell: Well I struggle to answer that question. What I can tell you is that our biggest commodity exposure if that's where you want to go, is would be on copper and aluminum. And we're probably about 60% hedged on those two commodities. So, we don't really have a lot of exposure. The other thing I would just remind you is that the cycle time between when we bid and get a contract awarded and then subsequently execute it and complete it is it's not like a five year automotive contract for work. It s a long period of time. It will be in the 8 to 10 months type timeframe. So, we're not hanging out there with a lot of inflation risk. We can re-price it in sort of the next jobs, next bids that we make.
Michael Coleman: Okay.
R. Bruce McDonald: I don't think I don't you know just a comment Michael, I'm not worried about inflation their terms believe me, we spend a lot of time talking about what it could be in 24 to 36 months when the economies do recover.
Michael Coleman: Okay, thank you.
R. Bruce McDonald: Thank you Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Langan, UBS, your line is now open.
Stephen Roell: Hi Colin.
Colin Langan: Hey how are you? I just had a question on the building efficiency side. I thought last quarter you gave guidance of some margins there should be flat in Q4. Has anything changed this quarter or we're obviously surprised why the margin came down a bit even adjusting for the warranty and construction.
R. Bruce McDonald: I think probably the biggest surprise for us would have been Europe was considerably softer than we were expecting going into the quarter.
Stephen Roell: And I would say, it's too ironic that we saw some softness, when Bruce walked through it, we saw a softness in a number of our international markets. And yet I the same markets where as we look at some of the activity in terms of quoting and building experience in South America, that we expect to be a good contributors to us. Globally that is the same view of that, although there is a short term weakness in some of those markets, there's going to be good single growth for us in 2010 and should represent double digit growth for us going forward. So I think Bruce, that's where I can't think of few much else other than really that the European offices.
R. Bruce McDonald: Right.
Colin Langan: Okay. And then on the, when I look at auto experience, your sales were down I think in North America 11% which I think is a lot better than the production year-over-year. But the industry I think was closer to 20. Is that a reflection of your better customer mix or is that new business trends? What's really driving that better than industry performance?
R. Bruce McDonald: It's a little bit of a product mix. I think we're pretty strong in the CUV sector. And I'll just go down, our sort of flat platform of where we were significantly better than last year. We were fortunate we have some good exposure on some programs that did well in the marketplace.
Stephen Roell: And I think if I look at the customers that had stronger build in the quarter Ford clearly was one, Toyota the other, and we'll represent both of those two major OEs.
Colin Langan: I know last year you gave a comment you said about 50% of your business in North America was transplant half that growth (ph), I mean is this sustained this year or is it actually more shifted to transplants?
R. Bruce McDonald: It's comparable, because this year, for the first time, a transplant volume was -- on the past transplant volumes they started to gain share year-over-year, this year the transplant production was down at a comparable level with three. So we're still in that 50:50 mix plus or minus a percentage or two.
Colin Langan: Okay. And thank you very much.
Glen Ponczak: We are going to wrap it up here Diane so no further questions. I will turn over to Steve.
Stephen Roell: No, that's fine. Bruce and I appreciate the questions and if there is anything else that we haven't answered that you'd like to, have us respond to. Please go through Glen will get back to you. Again we feel good about the quarter. We feel good that business has stabilized and we look forward to hitting back at the first quarter and the next year. We just hope that and feel good about where our businesses are and where they are performing. So thank you very much.
Operator: That concludes today's call. Thank you participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-07-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Johnson Controls third quarter 2009 earnings conference call.  (Operator Instructions)  At this time I will now turn the call over to our first speaker, Mr. Glen Ponczak.  Sir, you may begin.
Glen Ponczak: Before we begin I'd like to remind you of our forward-looking statement.  Johnson Controls has made forward-looking statements in this presentation pertaining to its financial results for fiscal 2009 and beyond that are based on preliminary data and subject to risks and uncertainties.  All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are, or could be, deemed forward-looking statements and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates or forecasts. For those statements the company cautions that numerous important factors such as automotive vehicle production levels, mix in schedules, financial distress of key customers, energy prices, the strength of the U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellation of, or changes to commercial contracts, liquidity, the ability to execute on restructuring actions according to estimated timelines in costs as well as other factors discussed in the company's form 8-K which was filed March, 9, 2009, could affect the company's actual results, or could cause its actual consolidating results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by, or on behalf, of the company. I'm pleased this morning to be joined by Steve Roell, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer who will provide an overview as well as some details on the economic environment and the outlook.  He will be followed by Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will give a review of the business results as well as a financial review.  And that will be followed by questions and answers. And with that I'll turn it over to Steve.
Stephen A. Roell: Before going into the slide presentation I'd like to make just a few opening comments.  In our conference call at the end of the second fiscal quarter we indicated that our markets would continue to be challenging in the near term, and that certainly was the case in the quarter. Automotive production schedules in North America while already at historic lows were further depressed by the excessive shutdowns that took place at Chrysler and General Motors.  But at the same time we now have more clarity around the future of both Chrysler and GM. With Chrysler we've reached agreement on the amounts that were owed to us and we have been paid in full.  And while we still have a few items to reconcile with General Motors, the customer has paid us for the majority of the amounts outstanding, I really would like to compliment both of the automakers on how they communicated and worked with us during their trying times. You may recall that the central message of last quarter's communication was that we had taken the actions to improve our profitability.  We were not dependent upon recoveries in our markets to achieve the results that we now have demonstrated in the third quarter as well as in the fourth quarter. Our results in the quarter reflect our ability to take share and align our cost structure to market conditions and while the comparisons to last year are tough, I'm really pleased with our progress and the improvements in our profitability. Our employees have made numerous sacrifices for the company and I'd like to just acknowledge their contributions and thank them. So now if we turn to the slide, just a couple of quick references here in terms of the numbers for the quarter.  Our sales are $7 billion compared to $9.9 billion in 2008.  I can give you a little bit of color behind those in terms of the break out.  Foreign currency was roughly $700 million, lower lead was about $430 million and then lower automotive buys contributed almost $1.5 billion of the shortfall from the prior year. Our segment income of $282 million was $395 million higher than what it was last quarter.  Building Efficiency and Power Solutions of course were profitable, but we also saw our automotive experience in Asia and Europe also contribute to our results with profits.  And we had a much smaller sequential loss in North America where we lost roughly $34 million on the segment basis. Our net income was $163 million that yields $26 per share versus $0.73 in Q3 of 2008.  We concluded this with a little box in the upper right-hand side of the slide that illustrates for you the sequential improvement in Q3 over Q4 where revenues were up roughly $700 million, segment income was up $395 million and net income was up $260 million.  So we wanted to just provide that to you. In terms of some of the highlights in Q3 outside of the financials, we were awarded some immediate takeover seating and interiors business.  Those programs are in Europe and we launched those during the summer programs.  That's the reference to the immediate takeover is the fact that we're right now in the midst of converting those programs over to Johnson Controls. Now we've tried to keep you updated here in terms of what we see in terms of the stimulus projects for our BE business.  We're currently bidding on 2,700 stimulus funded projects worth roughly $800 million.  It's up from $535 million when we talked to you late in Q2.  Again, just to remind you we expect that in this quarter as well as the first half of 2010, the fiscal year, that will be largely a period where we'll be winning awards that we would expect to execute and get meaningful revenue in late 2010. The next bullet's really in reference to some of the things you're reading regarding the cap and trade structures that may evolve.  You know, clearly we've identified by some of the press regarding our ability to help our customers monitor their emissions and also help manage their greenhouse gas emissions.  It's in the very early stages but we feel we've got excellent software and capabilities to help a broad range of customers in terms of how they would manage greenhouse gas emissions in the future. The next bullet refers to the fact that we did launch our first full production of lithium-ion battery systems for the Mercedes S-Class.  We believe it's the first full production lithium-ion system to be introduced.  The next one, of course, we've highlighted in the past is the BMW 7 Series which we expect to see in the showrooms by the end of calendar 2009. And finally those of you that have followed our Power Solutions business know that we have applied for the U.S. federal matching funds for domestic lithium-ion hybrid battery manufacturing.  We expect to hear from the government by the end of July.  Public announcements will be made in September.  We fully expect to be awarded a portion of those funds.  We are partnered with Ford as well as a number of world class suppliers, and so we'll be able to provide you more updates, but it probably won't be until the September timeframe. In terms of the economic environment and the outlook we'll just highlight just a little bit in terms of the third quarter, North American Q3 production was down 48% versus last year.  I've already mentioned the fact that Chrysler and GM had extended production shutdowns. You're aware of the fact that Cash for Clunkers legislation did pass in the U.S.  Its potential is probably a full forward roughly 250,000 vehicles, primarily small cars.  It's a $1 billion program and I think it's well intended.  I just think it will have minimal impact given the fact that we're so far down in the context of production against historical norms. There are signs of improving credit availability to car buyers.  We also have heard that we've been watching the trends in used car prices and they're trending up.  So there are a couple of things that bode well.  The North American auto market may have some signs of recovery, be it modest. In Europe Q3 production was down 27% versus last year.  As you're aware some of their government incentive programs are working primarily in Germany, Italy and France.  The segments that are benefitting are primarily the A and B segments where we'd have good participation in those market places but just by the nature of the vehicles they have smaller content. China continues to be a very bright spot; production was up 21% versus 2008 and the quarter, and clearly there was a sequential improvement there with very strong demand in the Chinese market in the month of June. Shifting to building markets, overall the softening in new construction, we've seen construction numbers soften, particularly around the rest of the world in Eastern Europe, Middle East and Latin America.  As we've indicated in North America, we're highly dependent on institutional building markets, the government, health care, education, and we'll probably talk more in our  as we go through our notes we'll talk more about the pipeline. We did see maintenance and retrofit deferrals in the quarter.  And so I think we had a tough quarter in the context of the market being unsettled by the stimulus and what was going to be awarded, and also just deferrals as our customers try to wait out the economic softness that they see right now. And then finally we would tell you that there has been a delay in the energy efficiency projects in the U.S. due to just the potential for stimulus funding.  We've used a quote here that came up out in the American Institute of Architects on July 13, that indicates that in their forecast they're beginning to see some moderation in the trends in design, building and architectural firms.  So quote, "They are hopeful that they're nearing the bottom of the cycle." As we've indicated, we do participate in the institutional side.  These two pieces of information are part of their forecast where they're projecting that educational construction will decrease by a little over 8% in 2009.  But then they're saying by 2010 the decline is only 1% or they're going to call if fractional.  The same thing is true with health care where they see a decrease of only 1.5% in 2009 and less than 1% in 2010.  So that sort of gives you some idea of what's being said by the AIA relative to the construction markets. But then I want to turn it over to Bruce, and he's going to comment on the quarter itself and some of the numbers behind our financial results for the quarter and also the outlook.  Bruce?
R. Bruce McDonald: Well first, let's talk about automotive.  Reflecting I guess one of the worst production environments that we've seen in a generation, we're really pleased with our automotive results.  Look at the top line, our sales were down 31% on a constant currency basis with significant declines in all regions across all customers and across all product segments.  With the exception of China where we saw aggregate revenues, which include our unconsolidated joint ventures, sales there were up 12%. Adjusting for currency if you look at our numbers versus the industry we generally did a little bit better than the industry levels and that really reflect the launch of new business awards.  For the quarter our segment income was a loss of $14 million which represents a $261 million improvement over our second quarter results.  While we continue to be negatively affected by lower volumes our third quarter results really show the benefits of the restructuring and other costs reduction activities that we've done to realign our cost base with the current market conditions. Steve indicated earlier we committed to getting our auto business to a breakeven level by the end of our fiscal year and we're tracking generally better than our internal projections.  As I noted in our last conference call, the low levels of production have helped us pull forward our restructuring activity, so we're running kind of a little bit ahead of schedule there. In Asia we've continued to invest there and that's a real long-term growth opportunity for us.  In the quarter our Asian operations report a 31% improvement in segment income to $17 million.  In China our equity income in the quarter was a new record for the company, and that's despite the fact that we still have four joint ventures that are sort of in a start-up phase and aren't yet profitable. If you look at our European auto business, we had a small profit in the quarter and that business continues to benefit from slightly stronger volumes in the A and B segment market where government stimulus programs are having a positive impact on consumer demand.  So sales are still  market's still down significantly, but we are seeing an uplift in some countries in the A and B segment sector.  Then lastly in North America, we had a big sequential improvement.  Our loss in the quarter was $34 million. Turning over to building efficiency our sales of $3.2 billion went down, again, 7% on a constant currency basis.  If we look at the various pieces within that and our North American systems business was about 7% as the installed market  as the institutional market remains more resilient then the office, retail and lodging sectors were  generally were under exposed. Our service business was down 11% though PSAs or those are contracts that we have for scheduled service continue to increase, and we're still seeing customers deferring routine maintenance and equipment retrofit projects. We had a good quarter in our solutions business with that business growing again and we did start to see some of the ARRA projects flow into the backlog.  Included in our numbers here for the quarter we were awarded about $25 million of stimulus orders, but generally speaking we're still seeing temporary contracting delays as the funding guidelines aren't clear. If you exclude FX in Europe and the rest of the world our revenues were down in that 10% to 15% range.  In Europe we see the declines disproportionately skewed towards Eastern Europe, Russia and our residential businesses. On a positive note, revenues in our North American residential business were comparable to year-ago levels and it now appears as though that market's beginning to stabilize, albeit at historic low levels.  In that North American residential business we've completed our footprint restructuring.  We're down from three facilities to two.  And we've instituted a number of initiatives that we're going to return that business to profitability even at this volume level. In the quarter we made substantial improvement in the profitability of that business and we expect see that accelerate here in the fourth quarter.  If you look at our backlog of uncompleted commercial business it was $4.4 billion at the end of the quarter, down about 6% on a constant currency basis.  In looking at the pieces within that, if we look at North American aggregate we're comparable to year-ago levels, same thing in Asia and Latin America.  The real soft spot for us was the Middle East where are backlog declined by significantly and represents about two-thirds of the overall reduction.  So two-thirds of that 6% is Middle East of the balances in emerging markets and Europe. In terms of the income line, segment income of a $190 million was down 37%.  This is really attributable to lower volumes which adversely impact on factory absorption on the equipment side of our business and unfavorable copper hedges.  In addition to that we have  we're discounting certain product lines to reduce our inventory levels, and as we get into the fourth quarter here we expect to see accelerating benefits from our restructuring initiatives.  And then the negative impact of our copper hedges and some of these discounting activities are going to become a lesser issue for us and help improve our bottom line. Turning to power solutions, our sales were down 35% and obviously adversely impacted by the lead prices and to some extent foreign exchange.  If we look at on the volume side we're down 12% versus last year aftermarket down in the sort of the mid-single digits with OE volumes in North America and Europe down 34% and 29%, respectively.  And in the quarter we did start shipping to NAPA which is a new customer that we announced last quarter. Turn to the income side, you'll see income down 27% to $106 million.  That's mainly attributable to lower volumes and as we've noted here these  our results include about a $15 million nonrecurring charge associated with the sale of former manufacturing facility in Europe and some associated fixed asset write-offs.  So those are behind us now and they're not expected to continue. We're continuing to invest in both our hybrid business and our Chinese operations.  On the hybrid side we've recently submitted an application for a federal grant to help fund the Michigan lithium-ion battery facility.  As many of you know we already have one facility up and running in France, so this is our second facility that we're talking about here. We continue to be pleased with the strong customer interest in our hybrid systems capabilities.  As Steve mentioned before, we're in production with the S-Class, with four other global production contracts and 10 development contracts currently in our backlog. Turning over to the financial statements, if you look at the sales, down 29%, really reflecting the difficult climate that we're in.  As Steve noted earlier in his comments, the majority of the reduction is due to foreign currency, lower lead prices and reduced production levels in the auto side of the business.  On the gross profit line we came in strong in the quarter at 14.9% which is down only 20 basis points from prior year levels. The modest reduction that we're seeing here I guess really reflects the benefits of our restructuring efforts and some of the manufacturing footprint actions that we've taken.  You'll recall a couple quarters ago we talked about we were struggling to adjust our European direct labor to reflect the lower production levels and we sort of put those programs in place there and that's largely been addressed and behind us. So we're pleased with our gross margin performance here in the quarter.  As I mentioned, if you look at the gross margin line, building efficiency we continue to be adversely affected by both the legacy copper hedges and some discounting associated with our efforts to reduce our inventories.  Both of those factors we don't expect to occur to this extent in the fourth quarter. SG&A we're down about 10% versus last year.  We continue to take a lot of cost out of our overhead base, but we're making sure that we continue to protect the investments that we have in some of our key growth initiatives. On the equity income line, you'll see we added a large sequential improvement of $22 million versus last quarter, but at $30 million we're still a little bit below prior year levels.  The strength that we're seeing in our Chinese joint ventures is more than offset by declines in our automotive joint ventures in North America and Europe. On slide 11, if I look at the net financing charges you'll see they're at $65 million, a little bit below prior year levels.  I'd just remind everybody that our results in the quarter include the higher cost coupons associated with the convertible debt that we completed in March.  And another point maybe just for modeling purposes the quarterly after-tax earnings payments on those instruments are about $13 million.  And they're actually added back in the calculation of fully diluted per share, and you'll see we've got that sort of reconciled in the notes to the financial statements that are included in our press release. For the quarter if you look at our tax line our rate was 23% versus 21% a year ago.  In the quarter we did have about $9 million net of nonrecurring tax benefits, so our underlying rate was about 27%, which is the rate we sort of anticipate going into the fourth quarter with. In terms of minority interest, $4 million charge in the quarter, down from $16 million last year.  Again, here the reduction is attributable to low profitably and our consolidated automotive joint ventures in both North America and Europe. And overall you can see our earnings per share of $0.26 a cents here.  There is about a $0.01 tax benefit in there.  And just as we note down at the bottom of the page here, the fully diluted share count is now 676 million, again reflecting the dilutive impact of the convertible offering. I'd just like to spend a few minutes talking about our liquidity, the balance sheet and our cash flow here in the third quarter.  Now we continued to have a strong balance sheet.  In the quarter we actually strengthened it. In aggregate, just looking at our liquidity position, we have about $3 billion in committed and non-committed bank lines.  And we have a peak intra-month need of about $800 billion which leaves us with a $2.2 billion cushion over our peak borrowing needs in a point in time. If you look at our bank revolver of $2 billion, and that's what banks, backstops our commercial paper program.  That facility is undrawn and that matures in December of 2011.  We have very minimal debt maturities in the next 18 months, about $125 million, strong access to the commercial paper market where we're actually able to place overnight paper at rates below 1%. Our cash flow in the quarter was good at $343 million.  That's cash from operating and investing activities.  And this enabled us to reduce our net debt by $245 million in the quarter.  If you look at net-debt-to-total capitalization that was 33.8% versus 36.2% at the end of the second quarter, and we were pleased to see our working capital performance come in strong in the quarter with source of cash of about $130 million and now on a year-to-date basis all of our working capital metrics are in significantly better shape than they were at the end of last quarter. Just looking at inventory as a case in point, you'll see that on a year-to-date basis, we've been able to lower our inventory position by about 23%.  Capital expenditures continue to trend down.  That's something that we talked about last quarter.  We're just north of $100 million here.  That's really reflecting some of the curtailment actions that we took as the economy toughened up here in the fall of last year. Our full year expectation for capital expenditures continues to be in that $600 million to $625 million range.  We're forecasting strong free cash flows here in the fourth quarter and expect to end the year with debt levels roughly comparable to year ago, to where we ended 2008. Last, let me just talk about sort of what we're seeing here for Q4 in our outlook.  We're not going to get into specific quarterly guidance but here's kind of the shape of what we're looking at.  We expect to see our revenue pick up in the fourth quarter by about another $400 million, so we're looking around that $7.4 billion. In automotive, we're making, as we've talked earlier, terrific progress right sizing that business and its cost structure to the current production environment.  And based on the production visibility that we have today and factoring in the summer shut downs in North America and Europe, our expectation in Q4 is that we'll have a positive return on sales of nearly 1%. In Power Solutions, as we talked about in our press release, we're expecting our profitability levels to be roughly in line with the way they were in the fourth quarter of 2008, and that will be on about 10% lower volume.  So our Power Solutions team has done a nice job resizing their business to be a sort of flat year-over-year profitability level on 10% lower volumes.  So when the volumes pick up, we'll be well positioned to get that incremental contribution margin. Then in Building Efficiency, let me just sort of put it in context.  If you look at our numbers here in Q3, you'll see our revenues were down 14% and our segment income was down 37%.  As we look into the fourth quarter, you know, we continue to expect the revenues are going to be down by a comparable basis, but we think we're going to be able to maintain our profitability shortfall to be closer to our revenue shortfall. We expect to see continuing, accelerating benefits from our cost reductions initiatives.  The unfavorable copper hedges are going to start to roll off and some of the discounting I've talked about earlier is coming behind us here. So to look at individual pieces within Building Efficiency, you know, we expect comparable profitability in our North America systems and service both, both  sorry, both of our North America systems and services business, GWS and Europe.  And that really reflects sort of our efforts to take cost out of those businesses. Our challenge is going to be, like we have in this quarter, the Middle East and Latin America where we're seeing significantly lower volumes and product discounting is going to continue in the Latin America segment.  Our North American residential business is going to return to profitability here in the fourth quarter though we do expect it's going to be down on a year-over-year basis. I guess overall we know that Building Efficiency is a late cycle business and I guess we feel pretty comfortable that we have growth strategies in place that's going to let us continue to outperform the markets that we're in.  We're taking all the actions that we need to on a cost basis so that we're positioning Building Efficiency to expand its margins in the climate here. And with that, we'll open it for Q&A.
Stephen A. Roell: All right, we'll take questions. (Operator Instructions).  Our first question comes from Pat Archambault  Goldman Sachs.
Patrick Archambault: Hi.  Good morning.
R. Bruce McDonald: Good morning.
Stephen A. Roell: Good morning, Pat.
Patrick Archambault: I guess just on building efficiency first, maybe you could just tell us a little bit more of the growth outlook.  You know your backlog is down I guess 6% ex-currency.  That's more than clearly it was last quarter, but obviously that doesn't include things like global workplace solutions which are probably more stable.  So can you maybe give us a little bit of help as to maybe we might think about the growth there for the next call it 6 to 18 months?
Stephen A. Roell: Sure.  Bruce was giving you sort of the outlook for the upcoming quarter but let me see if I can add some color of what we're seeing.  The one thing we look at is the pipeline of business and that's a primarily North America view at this stage, but what we do see in the pipeline right now are numbers that are comparable or slightly up. And so as we look across the K through12, the educational market, the federal government type quoting that we're seeing, we're seeing good strength in that and so we expect that to really  that's the business we now look in the upcoming quarter that should execute in revenue in the next probably 9 to 12 months. The other thing is I would tell you is we are seeing a big backlog of solutions work which is performance contracting fees.  There were some big contracts that we thought we'd secure in the third quarter that are falling into the fourth, so we would expect that to help prop up our backlog in the fourth quarter. Now having said that, I would expect that we still are going to be down year-over-year in terms of our backlog at the end of the upcoming quarter, but I still feel good about the level of bidding that we have.  Probably some help that we'll get in the latter part of fiscal 2010 relative to the stimulus bill, and I think we're taking the Saudi hit right now, the hit in Dubai. Saudi will pick up for us as we go through the year.  So there's pockets of strength that we see, Pat, that I think  do give us some confidence that while it'll be soft in '10, we're still going to have a fairly good year out of the Building Efficiency group.
Patrick Archambault: Okay.  The hedging impact for copper can you guys put a number around that in terms of how big it was for the quarter?
R. Bruce McDonald: No, we're not going to break that out, Pat, because it's just too sensitive in terms of our pricing strategy.  So it's significant but we're not going to quantify it.
Patrick Archambault: I guess moving onto automotive, can you remind us, are all your contracts now pretty much hedged in terms of raw materials?  You said it another way.  Are they written in a way that there's some flexibility if raw materials go up a lot, particularly thinking about foam and resins here?  Or are there still some legacy contracts that have yet to roll off that when they do roll off could maybe provide a tailwind?
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, Pat, I guess I would tell you that, I think the last quarter we indicated that about 90% of our contracts had a commodity type paragraphs or wording in them that allowed us to either share or pass on that cost.  That's still the same.  There's probably one or two customers that we still have to resolve but we're negotiating with them right now. I'm not so much concerned near-term, but it's something that we want to just make sure we get in place as we approach probably higher inflationary periods two to three years out.
Patrick Archambault: And I guess last question on that segment, how are you thinking about the production cadence in Europe?  Obviously you've had a really pretty good quarter.   I think European production was up, it might have been 20% sequentially or something like that, right, from given the scrappage incentive programs? What are you hearing from your customers?  How are you thinking about how that plays out for the balance of the year with some of these incentive programs looking like they're coming to a close?
R. Bruce McDonald: I guess what we're hearing, Steve and I are actually going to be in Europe next week so we'll probably have a better read then, but what we've heard lately is that the German one in particular is doing very well and the expectations are that that's going to last through the end of the calendar year. The program in place in the U.K. is only just started.  I think it's been in place for maybe a month and a half or two months.  There is some concern that the demand is pulling forward vehicles from next year but I guess I'd say it's probably too soon to tell. And I guess the key thing in Europe is the market just dropped off so quickly in the fourth calendar quarter of 2008 that it's tough to get an accurate read on the timing of that market coming back to anywhere close to levels that it was operating, even as late as the latter part of the second half of 2008.
Stephen A. Roell: I think the key will be how the governments approach this from the standpoint of trying to protect employment and whether or not they'll extend those incentives.  That we don't know.  But I would believe that they're going to have to do something, whether they extend beyond the A and B segment or just extend longer the A and B, what they've offered.  That will be interesting. The one thing, Pat, that we haven't talked about that maybe we should just talk about with the rest of the players on the phone call here, we have our largest number of launches that we've ever experienced in our automotive business right now in Europe. And we have over 30 launches that we're in the midst of that where pretty much engineering was done last year and early this year.  We're in the midst of those launches.  They've gone very well.  But what's really masking part of our results as well in 2009 is just the costs associated with those start-ups. So as we think forward to 2010 and 2011, having those behind us and getting more efficient is going to be a critical part of the improvement in Europe as well.  We haven't highlighted that but it's probably, if you think about the backlog that we shared with you at the beginning of this fiscal year, if you recall, a lot of our launches were in fact in Europe and in Asia.  It's really those launches that are coming through.
Operator: Your next question comes from Colin Langan  UBS.
Colin Langan: Can you just give a quick status of your restructuring?  You only had the $15 million charge in Power Solutions this quarter.  Does that mean most of your restructuring is complete at this point or is there more to come in the second half?
R. Bruce McDonald: No, the restructuring charge that we took in September and March of last year I would say were, if you sort of look at the aggregate numbers, were about 60% done in total.  We wouldn't classify the $15 million in Power Solutions in that bucket. Those really relate to, we had a former facility that was actually acquired as part of the Varda transaction.  We sold it in the quarter and the cost of selling that and the environmental clean-up far exceeded our original estimates and we had to top that up.
Colin Langan: And then so you highlighted the taxes sort of impacting your earnings.  Is there an earnings impact of the $15 million or is there any reason to think that's a recurring charge?  Is that not one time?
Stephen A. Roell: The $15 million, Colin ? Colin Langan  UBS Yes, for the Power Solutions?
Stephen A. Roell: That's nonrecurring.
R. Bruce McDonald: That's nonrecurring.  That doesn't affect the tax rate.
Colin Langan: And is that like a $0.02 impact on earnings that would be for this quarter?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, the Power Solutions, had the $15 million not occurred, yes, it would have been a $0.02 higher EPS for us in the quarter.
Colin Langan: When you take that 15 out of the Power Solutions, the  margin looks like a 14% margin.  Is that a sustainable margin for the Power Solutions business going forward?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, what you really got to watch here, Colin, is in the Power Solution side of the business we pass on the impact of lead prices.  So if lead goes up, if lead doubles then we would essentially double the lead part of our selling price so our margins would look very skewed. So what you've got here is, in the quarter, I think lead prices came down 35%.  That knocks $430 million off our sales but it doesn't have any impact on our bottom line.  So if you want to make it apples-for-apples, you'd have to add the $430 million back into this year's revenues and then look at the year-over-year margin basis. But to your point on a go forward basis, if lead stays level then the 14% is a sustainable number.  In fact, we think it will be better in the fourth quarter.
Stephen A. Roell: I think the guidance that Bruce gave though earlier Colin on the phone call therefore was based on absolute dollars.  So what Bruce's comment was that we believe our segment income for Power Solutions will be comparable dollar-wise to what it was in the fourth quarter a year ago.
Colin Langan: And then switching over to, I guess for clarity, there are two seating and two interiors?  Is that four different pieces of business or just one seating and one interior?
R. Bruce McDonald: Two pieces of business.
Colin Langan: And are there any more opportunities there?  I mean obviously the summer shutdown seems like a good time to transition business over.  Are you in process and discussions with automakers about taking over additional business from competitors?  And could you give any color on the size of the business that you've already won?
Stephen A. Roell: Colin, there's a lot there.  First of all, you're right.  This is the time where you would typically see the changeover taking place.  We continue to be in dialogue with OEs about additional business but again, just to remind you, any business that we're going after typically is there because of a concern over a supplier's financial viability. We're not there to try to price the business to take that kind of conquest business in that form.  We haven't sized and it would be difficult to size it in terms of what ultimately could happen.  But we've talked about in the past, we wanted to let people know that at least there's some of that taking place right now in this quarter, okay?
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Ceraso  Credit Suisse.
Christopher Ceraso: Just a couple of items, you mentioned some of the changes that are happening with the backlog with the Middle East coming off and one of the performance contracting contracts rolling to the fourth quarter. But if I look at the backlog and aggregate, is there other stuff going on behind the scenes that would change the mix of the backlog of business that we need to think about in terms of the expected profitability of that new business as it rolls on over the next year?
Stephen A. Roell: I guess other than the other thing we would tell you is that the European market was soft in terms of the backlog.  Those were the two.  We did lose some industrial refrigeration momentum in Latin America would be the other thing I could think of. But from the standpoint of profit, to the extent that it's skewed towards performance contracting and some of the retrofit, those are typically higher margin business for us.  Chris, that's the best I can do.
Christopher Ceraso: What about that on the government subsidy when that comes on?  Should we expect that to be any different than the rest of your business in terms of average profitability?
Stephen A. Roell: No I don't think so, not in a [unique] way, okay?  Clearly it is going to be work that we have to bid on, so it's going to follow more of the construction type margin as opposed to the retrofit, but I would expect it to have good profitability in it. I guess I'm making that statement based on the fact that we do a lot of work for the government today under different bidding conditions and I would tell you it is comparable profitability.
Operator: Your next question comes from [David Lichter].
[David Lichter]: I know you kind of talked about it a little bit.  In a more direct way, can you give us a sense in your Asia business what your revenues changed year-over-year in aggregate?  I know you talked about you consolidated a number the China separately but if you put those together?
Stephen A. Roell: We'll have to get back to you because I'd have to sit down and pull together Korea and, are you talking about automotive specifically?
[David Lichter]: Yes, automotive.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, I've got that one.  Give me a minute on that here.  So if I'd look at the three pieces, so China, which is unconsolidated, grew by 12, okay.  Japan was down 42 and the rest of Asia was down 29.
[David Lichter]: And that's predominantly Korea, right?
Stephen A. Roell: It's predominantly Korea.  I think the number that's important to us at this stage, given the size of the business is what we get from the equity ventures in China.
[David Lichter]: Yes, absolutely.  And Power Solutions as a clarification, I think you commented units are down 12%, but if we pull out flat and currency it looks like sales are down, too.  Is that all price or is there a mix there with the OEM and aftermarket?
R. Bruce McDonald: It's a combination of a little bit of price but mainly mix because for generally speaking we sell for a higher selling price in the aftermarket side.
[David Lichter]: And then on the aftermarket being down 5% you picked up a lot of new programs.  I'm just  it seems like some of these retailers their volumes are good and there's probably some inventory destocking, but just kind of reconcile that down 5% number with picking up some new customers there?
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, I think it is the destocking and just the inventory shifts that they've had, David, okay?  We've just seen different policies from some of the retailers who have decided that they want to  well first of all we're supplying at 95% plus service rate, so to that extent they can count on us to provide them with product on a real time basis.  That's number one. Number two, I don't think we saw much weather help until probably late in the month of June.  If you think, we have a very, very mild time and clearly there's probably some consumer buying patterns which have deferred the replacement of batteries.  That typically happens. I do think we've seen the end of that, though.  I think that the inventory stocking at the retailers is just about the end of its extreme.  They'll start stocking for the fall here as we go into the September-October timeframe.  So I feel we're still clearly gaining share, and we continue to expect to do that.
[David Lichter]: And then just one last question here.  I mean your automotive business, you've always had the target there historically of hitting a 5% margin.  One, is that still your target eventually, and where do volumes need to go for you to get there?
Stephen A. Roell: In the last quarter we talked about the fact that our target's really 6% to 7% now.  And we said we needed to get into that 13.5 plus range to get there, and I'm using North America as a base.
[David Lichter]: Perfect.
Operator: Our next question is from [Etai McHaley].
[Etai McHaley]: I just wanted to touch up on a couple of cash flow questions, Bruce.  Can you just help us to walk through how we should think about working capital?  It looks like you're expecting very strong free cash flow in Q4 and maybe perhaps as high as $700 million, but how should we think about that as production ramps up in general going into 2010 for all three businesses?
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, in the auto side of our business we have very little working capital.  Like it's around 2% of sales, so when the customers are open, launching or ramping up production significantly or shutting down, there can be a mismatch between payables and receivables on a monthly basis.  But longer term I'd say if our auto business doubles then the incremental working capital requirements that we have are about 2%.  Okay?  So that business doesn't use a lot of cash, nor does it throw off a lot of cash when it shrinks. In Power Solutions this is  it's a working capital business.  I mean it's working capital being in the mid-teens percent and when I'm talking about working capital here I'm talking payables, receivables and inventory, trade working capital.  Payables largely offset receivables but we have to maintain, because of aftermarket business, we have to maintain a fairly large investment in inventory to satisfy our customer demands. And then building efficiency is kind of somewhere in the middle.  It's working capital as a percentage of sales may be 10%-ish.  We think that's a business that we can continue to improve.  The working capital uses and as we sort of go forward that's the area where we're sort of looking for more significant improvement in 2010.
[Etai McHaley]: And just following up on CapEx it looks like you're sticking with the $600 plus million for this fiscal year.  Now as you win business and as recovery continues to play out, do you think you can sort of maintain at that level or might you have to go back to the $800 million level you ran in fiscal '08?
R. Bruce McDonald: No, I would say our core capital expenditure requirement in a sort of steady state right now is probably in the $550 million level and then anything kind of over and above that would be required to either get incremental growth, significant incremental growth in auto space, or some investments that we're making either in the vertical integration or geographic expansion our Power Solutions business.
Stephen A. Roell: You know, here's an example of two items we would highlight for you that we're starting the work in the quarter and it will extend into 2010.  One is the fact we just broke ground in Mexico on smelter as we increase our capacity in that marketplace, and then we're also, this fall we'll be launching and expanding our production capabilities in China.  So those will be two examples that are baked into our numbers that we could absorb and still be in that $600 million to $650 million range.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rich Kwas  Wachovia Capital Markets.
Rich Kwas: Hey Steve, on systems for building efficiency, are you seeing any re-pricing on contracts given the environment and customers coming back and trying to renegotiate?
Stephen A. Roell: No, that's an interesting question.  We just met with our people from building efficiency the last two weeks and there's been no  re-pricing's not being discussed.  You know, Rich, I'm trying to think if I've ever encountered that in the past and I can't ever think of re-pricing contracts.
Rich Kwas: And then on the auto side with backlog, I know you'll update it in October, but given the lower volumes and given the distress in the sector, do you see any rebound in bidding activity on the auto side or is that still declining?
Stephen A. Roell: A lot of our bidding activity is still what, Bruce, in Europe and Asia.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes.
Stephen A. Roell: So there's very few programs in North America.  There's a couple out there as you're probably aware of, but I'm not sure that there's a lot of new  in terms of a three-year window we have, Rich.  I'm not sure we would want to portray it as a lot of new opportunity for us there, okay?
R. Bruce McDonald: I think one thing that's fair to say, though, is if you look at it within the industry a lot of the bidding that we thought was going to be bid in this year has deferred as customers are re-looking at their product plans, particularly GM and Chrysler here in North America.
Rich Kwas: So it sounds like at least outside of North America there's some activity.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, there is.
Rich Kwas: And then Bruce, just on CapEx, just to kind of follow-up on that last question, as we think about next year it shouldn't be, even with the plant down in Mexico and the Chinese activity, there shouldn't be much change in terms of total dollars, $600 million to $650 million is a good number to think about?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes.
Rich Kwas: And then in terms of the cadence of the cash restructuring you spent $53 million this quarter.  You still have a chunk left to spend on the cash side.  How do we think about the cadence for the next several quarters?
R. Bruce McDonald: I would say it's flowing out a little bit slower than I expected.  I think it's going to pick up a little bit here in the fourth quarter, so it should be more in Q4 than in Q3.  Some of the amounts that we have in there really relate to plants that are  they are tied to plant OE closures because with both Ford, GM, Chrysler have announced a certain number of plant closures.  Some of those extend into, well into the end of  well beyond 2010, so not all of it will be spent by the end of even next fiscal year.
Rich Kwas: And what's your best guess on how much will be spent by the end of next year?
R. Bruce McDonald: You know what?  We'll update that when we do our analyst meeting in October.  I'll get a better feel for it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ted Wheeler  Buckingham Research.
Ted Wheeler: Maybe on the same question on the same theme, the cost programs, where are you on the expenses?  Have you pretty much finished expensing the implementation costs for the restructurings in the various cost take outs or is there some more expense to flow through?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, I'll take that one, Ted.  I guess the way I sort of look at it is what's sort of the net, because we're always going to have some expenses associated with the actions until they're done.  To me the issue is the gross savings don't exceed the costs that we're incurring, and the answer to that is most definitely.  We talked about sort of our first quarter the restructure was a net negative to us because the cost were greater than the benefit.
Ted Wheeler: Right.
R. Bruce McDonald: This quarter it's significantly higher the benefit is well in excess of the cost.  I think we probably still had about had about $40 million to $45 million of non-qualifying restructuring cost that went through our numbers this quarter.  That will drop and then the savings will accelerate.  And that becomes a bigger and bigger...
Ted Wheeler: Yes, I was just trying to come to the point of a steady state at the end of all this.  Hopefully, volume doesn't cause any issues on the downside and it comes back.  But when we are at steady state you'll be  an annual run rate again is how much?
R. Bruce McDonald: We've talked about that benefit being about  for next year the benefit from restructuring, so this is year-over-year, is $0.35 to $0.40.
Ted Wheeler: Yes, and that includes the absence of cost plus benefits, is that correct?
R. Bruce McDonald: That's correct.  And that, just to be clear, Ted, there is a net benefit in 2009 for restructuring.
Ted Wheeler: Yes.
R. Bruce McDonald: And I'm going to say that is in $0.10 to $0.15 range.  On top of that there's another $0.35 to $0.40 next year and that's what we've talked about.
Ted Wheeler: And that's this year's $0.10 to $0.15 sounds like it's all second half?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes.
Ted Wheeler: If you looked at it that way, with it just building up toward the run rate.
R. Bruce McDonald: Correct.
Ted Wheeler: Another question on the Building Efficiency the service of business, how do you track, or can you track the customer's willingness or propensity to scrape along at minimum levels and when do you think can you track  whether they might be will coming at more normal maintenance at some point?  Or is it just the kind of shut down and do minimum until we tell you later. I mean, do you have any dialogue?  Do you have any sense of what or how long that might last, this bare minimum kind of attitude?
Stephen A. Roell: No, it's hard although I would tell you that we saw  the answers we did see in the marketplace, Ted, took place probably last fall.  We haven't seen it accelerate so I would tell you that at least that part I know.  In terms of those who have decided to defer it's hard for me to project when they're going to go back.  I'd be guessing at this stage.  I just don't know that detail.  I know our people are talking to those customers and looking at impact of deferred maintenance on their repairs but I can't categorize that today very well for you, okay?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, maybe to just give you a little bit of color there, Ted.  If you look at the service business in the quarter we were down about 11% on the revenue basis.
Ted Wheeler: Wasn't that like 6% or 7% in the March quarter?
Stephen A. Roell: I think it was like 7%  I think it was 8%, Ted.
Ted Wheeler: Yes.  Sorry.  Sorry.
R. Bruce McDonald: Now what we did see though is if you look at the backlog within our North American service business, it was actually up marginally in the quarter.  And so the backlog, what we have in backlog in the service business, is the scheduled contracts or PSAs.  And then the sort of the retrofit and project work that had typically been deferred, so that stopped getting worse and actually upticked a bit, but we  then you say why is the revenue down 11% and it's the unscheduled service part that's now pulling us down.
Stephen A. Roell: I always hate to refer to weather ,Ted, okay, but I am going to in this case, and that is if you think about the weather we've had, and those of you in the Northeast understand how cold and wet it's been.  This hasn't been  it took us until almost late May probably into June before we were able to do testing on air conditioning units.  And so that what's that levered material is and it's really going in and actually being able to anticipate repairs or start-ups for those people that don't have scheduled contracts. And so we didn't get any help from the weather and that was hard for us because we had to keep our workforce in place on the premise that there was going to be a normal spring, a normal summer and it has taken us forever to get there.  So you are going to hear that from other OEs that have service elements as well.
Ted Wheeler: Lastly, as I look at the guidance or just the color on the fourth quarter, that the Building Efficiency profits might be comparable in decrement to revenues, which is a big improvement from what you just had.  How much of that delta performance would be attributable to the copper hedging issue?
R. Bruce McDonald: I am not going to go there, Ted.  I'm sorry
Ted Wheeler: I really tried.  I thought you might take that one.
R. Bruce McDonald: It's like I said the copper issue is significant but it's just commercially sensitive information for our team.
Stephen A. Roell: I guess we can certainly say this, that it's  our ability to improve and achieve what Bruce described is less dependent on copper.  It's more dependent on other actions and recovery in the businesses, okay?  The fourth quarter, Ted, as you know, has always been  is a strong period for us anyway in the building efficiency group.  A lot of work gets completed.  A lot of work gets secured in this timeframe, so it's a critical quarter for us to your point, and we just feel good after having met with building efficiency group that we're going to see some better comparisons than we did in the last quarter.
Ted Wheeler: I guess another last one that would be the cost of base of residential to achieve profit at current levels?  When do you think you'll get there?
Stephen A. Roell: We are there.
Ted Wheeler: You're there now.  Okay, great.
Stephen A. Roell: We've got time for one short one.
Operator: Our next question is from [Cheryl Van Winkle].
[Cheryl Van Winkle]: My question was about the immediate takeover business that you won?  Could you tell us when as in what month that was awarded?  And then when you will start seeing the volume impact?
R. Bruce McDonald: It was awarded.  I am not going to get into what month.  But it was awarded in this quarter and it starts shipping in August.
[Cheryl Van Winkle]: So when you say this quarter you mean in the quarter  the April-May-June quarter.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes.
[Cheryl Van Winkle]: And it starts shipping at the beginning of August?
Stephen A. Roell: Right.  Right after the shut down.
[Cheryl Van Winkle]: And just roughly what kind of size would you be talking about?
Stephen A. Roell: [Cheryl], we haven't disclosed that, okay? Okay, so first of all again, thank you again for joining us.  Glen will be available for questions and we will be able to help him.  But just to recap, some closing comments for you.  I think if you look at the actions we've taken in the last nine months to realign our businesses to the marketplace, and the cost structure is trying to benefit us you can see that in our third quarter results. We feel, again, that we'll perform better than the marketplace in the upcoming fourth quarter simply because of those actions that we've taken.  We feel good about our cost structure in the context of where we have it and how we'll benefit as markets recover. So, again thank you very much and we appreciate your support and your interest by joining us today.
Operator: Thank you.  That concludes today's conference.  You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-04-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  I'd now like to turn the call over to Glen Ponczak.
Glen Ponczak: Before we begin, I just want to remind you that Johnson Controls has made forward-looking statements in this presentation pertaining to its financial results for fiscal 2009 and beyond that are based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties.  All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements, and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates or forecasts. For those statements, the company cautions that numerous important factors, such as automotive vehicle production levels, NITs and schedules, financial distress of key customers, energy prices, the strength of the U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellation of or changes to commercial contracts, liquidity, the ability to execute on restructuring actions according to anticipated timelines and costs, as well as other factors discussed in the company's Form 8-K, which was filed March 9, 2009, could affect the company's actual results and could cause its actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by or on behalf of the company. I'm pleased to be joined this morning by Steve Roell, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.  Steve in a couple moments here will give some overview comments and take a look at the economic environment in the quarter and the near-term.  Then Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will give a review of our business results in the quarter, as well as financial results and that will be followed by questions and answers. And with that, Steve, I'll turn it over to you.
Stephen A. Roell: Before we talk about our second quarter results, I wanted to comment on the improvement that we're expecting in the second half of our fiscal year.  First, that improvement is not predicated on a recovery in our end markets.  There are some signs that markets are stabilizing, but I think it would be premature to assume any benefit in the next six months.  Rather, our confidence is really directly related to the actions that we've taken to improve our cost structure and to right-size our businesses. All those actions have been taken in concert with our long-term strategies, and by that what I mean is that we continue to invest in energy services by building efficiency solution sales force emerging markets and technology, such as hybrids.  So I really wanted to set that.  We'll go through it in more detail, with both Bruce and I talking about some of the positive trends we see and why we're confident about the second half. The near-term has proven challenging.  Our sales of $6.3 billion were down from $9.4 billion in 2008.  If you look at the slides on page three, you'll not that we've isolated three elements that contribute to that decline with the automotive volume globally being down $2 billion, the impact of lower lead pricing being roughly $500 million, and the impact of foreign currency of $700 million. Our segment income was a loss of $113 million, and net income was a loss of $97 million.  Those numbers exclude the restructuring and the benefits then also of the tax benefits that we achieved in the quarter.  Our earnings per share was a diluted $0.16 per share very much in line within the consensus of the street. If we look at the environment and the outlook, starting with the automotive markets themselves, and I'm going to talk first about production.  As you're well aware, I think, there were some extensive shutdowns in both North America and Europe, particularly in the month of January, but also in February.  Those we're going to show you the impact they had on us as the quarter progressed. As we look at production for fiscal 2009, the numbers that we're providing here are really unchanged from what we provided when we announced our restructuring in March.  And that is that North American production for our fiscal year will be roughly 8.8 million vehicles.  Again, that compares to the previous guidance of 9.3. And in Europe, production forecast right now is 14.3 million vehicles, and that compares to a previous forecast of 16.2.  But again, these are exactly what we shared with you when we announced our restructuring in mid-March. On the far right-hand side of this slide, now moving from production, we just wanted to show you the North American SAAR.  Again, many of you are aware of this.  You can see that, in the month of March itself, 9.9 million units, roughly 34% below last year's rate of 15 million.  And if you look at the last three bars in this chart, you'll note again that the SAAR has been below ten, and by contrast, it seems like a long time ago, but by contrast each of the months a year was in excess of 15 million units. As we look at the building markets in terms of the environment, our primary vertical markets, which are associated with the institutional buildings that being both state, local and federal government, healthcare and education, remained the most resilient in the new construction sector.  Information that we've seen in terms of forecasts from global insight would apply that those markets will be relatively flat in '09 and might decline slightly in '10, but we're talking in the neighborhood of something like 2%. So, again, we thing we're in the right sectors, and we'll benefit from that.  Markets that are general weak that drive down the overall indices, such as retail and lodging, we have a very low presence and those are expected to continue to be weak through 2010. As we indicated to you in previous calls, we have seen some atypical customer behaviors in this economic environment, particularly in the retail markets where service and maintenance and retrofit referrals have taken place.  But as I mentioned, that's not a very large market for us but we wanted to again acknowledge that we did see that and has continued into this quarter. As you might expect, with all the uncertainty regarding what's going to get funded from the government energy efficiency projects, the stimulus funding there has been some deferral in wait-and-see by state local government and even some school districts as they've waited to see if they're going to be the beneficiary of some of the government and energy efficiency projects. On a little more global basis, we would acknowledge that we do see some slowdown in deferrals and projects that we have in Dubois.  We've highlighted that as a major growth market for us over the last three to four years.  Other mid-east markets are stable and I'm referring to Saudi.  And as we look at some of the industry projections for the Middle East for the next four years, once we get through 2009 there's still anticipation that those markets will yield 10% plus compounded growth rates for the next four to five years. The U.S. housing market, as you're well aware, remains depressed.  The current estimates right now is that house starts will be down 20% in '09 with a recovery of roughly that same rate in fiscal '10 but we have not seen the bottoming out yet there. Now there are some encouraging signs and I'd like to walk through those.  Let's start with the automotive market.  First of all, in Europe where there have been several programs what are called scrappage programs announced as an incentive to drive demand we've seen a good reaction in Germany, France, Italy, particularly in the A&B segments.  So that's a plus to us.  We think that will continue and we're waiting to see if that's adopted here in the U.S., as well as in the U.K. In terms of the term we use her is managed government-backed process, I think what we're referring to there is simply a function of the U.S. government and its intervention at stabilizing Chrysler and GM until we can get a decision here. We obviously think that in the next week to 30 days we'll know a little bit more about what's going to transpire with those two OEs.  But we do believe that whatever takes place it'll be more of a managed process than what it would have been had it have just progressed on its own. U.S. Treasury Department for domestic suppliers what we're referring to there is the fact that there is suppliers aide that the way it's programmed it will help in terms of providing some liquidity into the supply chain and that, again, is beneficial just in terms of that stabilization. Internationally, China volumes have remained strong in the first quarter and we expect that they will continue to be strong for the remainder of this calendar year.  There are improvements in the U.S. consumer credit availability.  Certainly, some of the asset-backed securitization is now available and that's certainly helping availability and should help spark some increase demand as the year plays out in U.S. The inventory levels in North America and Europe are lower than what they have been so we do believe that future production is not going to be impacted by that.  There certainly are some pockets where we know that there are accesses, but in general we believe production levels should be fairly secure. Earlier I referred to the months of January and February and so if we go to the next page on the chart and what it depicts is simply how we progressed through the quarter and you can see in January and February where we were impacted by the shutdowns, you can see how things improved in March.  We were approaching a breakeven at that point. Restructuring benefits continue to be accretive for us.  We're starting to see some benefits of that in this quarter, but we'll see major benefits this year and the following year.  The second half of this year I'm saying it next year, and we have other cost reduction initiatives that we've taken, such as flexible workforce movements in both our European and North American operations.  Commodities have also stabilized. Other news, I guess I wanted to highlight just two items on the right-hand side.  One is the, let's call the Toyota Global Contribution Award.  We were honored by Toyota in late February in Nagoya where we were named as one of the three companies, along with Denso and Yazaki, as receiving the Global Contribution Award. It really is extremely prestigious and it really does speak to how well our teams and our automotive group partner with that OE.  It's very prestigious and we're very pleased and honored to have been recognized by such a great OE.  We were the only supplier from the interior side and the only U.S. company to gain that top recognition. I really want to drop down to the third bullet.  What that states is that we intend to participate in the U.S. Treasury supplier credit insurance program, and just to elaborate on that just for a second.  Yesterday was a key date in terms of filing for application to participate in the programs that are sponsored by the U.S. government, GM and Chrysler.  We have entered both of those programs for what's known as the credit insurance aspect of that.  We are not intending to do any factoring that purely the credit insurance aspect of that and we did that last night. Some other encouraging signs of Power Solutions, in the first quarter and still in the second quarter we saw some destocking.  And what we mean by that is that the retail and wholesaler channels have really maintained extremely low inventories.  Our service levels are high and that allows them to do such, and I think there again just reacting to liquidity and watching their own balance sheets, but we think that destocking is over and that positions us well for a normalized shipment pattern in the second half. And then as you're well aware the U.S. federal and state funding for domestic hybrid battery capacity, some of the state funding in terms of our award in Michigan was announced in the past two weeks and we expect the U.S. federal funding to be announced later this summer. In terms of Building Efficiency, the stimulus funding for investing in energy efficiency and infrastructure we currently have a pipeline and what a pipeline refers to is contracts that we're bidding on for projects in the neighborhood of about $535 million. Secondly, one of the things that we monitor is the architectural building index.  It is stabilizing, as you know there has been a sharp decline in that indices for the last three months and we do see signs of it stabilizing.  We believe it will start to pattern up now. In the past we've talked about continued strong growth and demand in pipeline for Global Workplace Solutions.  We see that across a variety of different vertical markets but strictly in the pharmaceutical.  Some banking areas, but there's over $1 billion of identified projects and we think that with our global infrastructure and footprint that we're well positioned to win our share of those contracts. In terms of the economic stimulus package the ARRA.  For those of you that don't know that that means, that's the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act.  The opportunity that we've sized from our standpoint in terms of the addressable market is roughly $12 billion.  The pie on the right-hand side breaks that out in terms of those areas that were identified in the stimulus package were we think we have an opportunity to win bids or win awards. We think we're extremely well positioned as a preferred or pre-qualified supplier with many of the federal entities, such as the DOE and DOD.  We have a strong presence on over 50% of the top 85 military installations worldwide.  We just highlighted again some of the major work that we do in the white prestigious jobs like the White House, the U.S. Capital and the Pentagon.  And I know there's again more renovation that we're involved in with the Pentagon. And finally, if you'll just look at fiscal 2008 in terms of our market share of the Department of Energy performance contracts we were the one who was roughly 70% of those awards and that bodes well for us going forward. Our state and local branch network will certainly help us in terms of the presence that we need and the expertise we need to take advantage of the education modernization some of that local and state government work that we've identified and to qualify for some of the higher value projects, consistent with the ARRA objectives. In terms of 2009, the other thing we did in late March and most of you are probably aware, we did introduce a $230 million restructuring.  It was done to improve our cost structure, 80% of that was focused on the automotive experience segment of our businesses, and the remainder was primarily Power Solutions. Approximately $185 million of that restructuring is cash.  It includes ten plan consolidations and closings.  In terms of accretion, we believe it will be slightly accretive in 2009, but it offers roughly a $0.15 per share benefit in 2010.  I want to combine that with what we had done previously on the right-hand side the blue bar the blue box I referenced the September of 2008 restructuring.  The actions are proceeding ahead of schedule.  We're about 70% complete. Increasingly accretive to our earnings in the second half of the year so that's part of our second half story, but the real story, again, is in 2010 where we expect to see an incremental benefit of between $0.20 and $0.25 per share.  So, yes, you can add the last two restructurings and you would expect to see a $0.35 to $0.40 per diluted share benefit in 2010 from the two restructuring actions. In March we also, in an effort to improve our liquidity, we were successful at issuance of $850 million convertible debt mandatory equity units offering.  Some of the reasons why we did that offering are highlighted there in terms of reducing our alliance on commercial paper market stabilizing our credit metrics and then also helping us basically position ourselves for future growth and future opportunities as they become available.  Bruce is going to touch upon this in his presentation as well so I'm not going to elaborate more but I'll let him do so. Next, we're going to go through each of the businesses and their performance during the quarter.  I'll turn it over to Bruce for that.
Bruce McDonald: So first we'll talk about Building Efficiency, so if we look at on slide 11 you'll see net sales we were at $3 billion, we're down about 2% on a constant currency basis.  If you sort of look at the pieces within Building Efficiency, our North America Systems business was up slightly as the institutional market remains fairly resilient.  And we saw 16% growth in our solutions business, which rolls up into our North American Service business. I think that 16% growth is a little bit disappointing in terms of what we've seen in the past and our business has been kind of negatively impacted here in the short-term.  We see this only temporary as there's been some contracting delays while the ARRA funding guidelines are clarified with the various government agencies. Look at Europe and strip-out exchange and the rest of the world on this constant currency basis.  Revenues were generally in line with year ago levels.  And then as we've indicated previously, we continue to see our service business adversely impacted by discretionary spending reductions.  On the good news part of it is we continue to grow our PSA business, that's the sort of scheduled service business we sign up with new customers. But despite this, we're seeing revenues in our overall service business down 8% to 9%.  And that's really just reflecting that cutback in discretionary levels expenditures, which in the long-term are going to be a negative in terms of our equipment.  Overall, if you look at the quarterly backlog, we are at $4.5 billion.  Again stripping out exchange, we're up about 6%.  Our pipeline, which monitors our quoting activity, it continues to be up modestly. Looking at residential business, which as Steve indicated is a fairly small part of Building Efficiency, but nonetheless it continues to be depressed.  If you look at our second quarter earnings or revenues, they are down 24% versus last year.  In terms of actions were taken there to improve our profitability, we've reduced our footprint from three to two facilities and we've implemented a number of initiatives that I'll talk about here in a minute to return this business to profitability at the current volume levels. In terms of the earnings side of Building Efficiency, our segment income was down by 49%.  I guess I would point out that, with the exception of our residential business, all our businesses in Building Efficiency are solidly profitable.  From a good news point-of-view, Europe slightly higher margins than last year and that really reflects the benefits that they're making in the structuring program.  Good momentum there that's helping to offset some of the sales softness. So look at our residential business.  I mean that accounts really for about 40% of the year-over-year decline in our profitability here.  So just to give you some specific numbers, our loss in UPG segment was $46 million in the quarter, which was $32 million higher than 2008.  Of that $32 million, about $7 or $8 million is attributable to lower volumes and the remainder due to one-time charges of $24, $25 million associated with skew reduction, inventory rationalization and other non-recurring charges associated with changing our product specifications. Second biggest negative factor that we had impacting our segment profitability in a quarter here was the impact of currency devaluation on our unitary products business in Latin and South America.  These are product that we call mini-splits and largely we import these units from Asia and sell them into Brazil and Mexico.  Those would be the two largest markets. With the big devaluation and the exchange rates in Mexico and Brazil, we've had to liquidate our inventory at a loss position.  So if you just look at the Latin America and South American businesses on a year-over-year basis, our profitability was $14 million less than last year.  So really those are the two big items that drive the large year-over-year decline and are largely non-recurring. Just look at the gross margins within Building Efficiency.  We did see a little bit of downward pressure about 1% in our equipment business.  The factors there would be lower volumes.  The impact of some legacy copper and aluminum hedges and some discounting associated with reducing inventory levels.  And you'll see on our cash flow statement later on what a big reduction of inventory in the quarters we're trying to shore up our working capital position. Turning to Power Solutions on slide 13, sales were adversely impacted by the 60% reduction in lead prices that Steve talked to earlier and foreign exchange.  If you just look at their underlying volumes, they're down about 9% versus last year.  If you sort of strip that down to its components, aftermarket volumes were generally speaking flat versus last year, but OE volumes in North America and Europe were down in the, as you can see, the 38% to 39% respectively here. In turning to segment income, negatively impacted by our lower volumes and some of the costs associated with our footprint consolidations.  In the quarter, we closed two manufacturing facilities.  So that's going to provide us with some headwind or some tailwind as we go into the third quarter.  To look at our end earnings on a geographic basis, what you would see is America's profitability was roughly in line with last year and Europe and Asia to a lesser extent where the areas where we were significantly lower. I'd like people that remember if you look at our European business, it's about a 50% OE business versus 20% in North America and our results were impacted by our inability to flex short-term labor to take out variable costs.  As we look into the third quarter, we do anticipate Power Solutions profitability returning a lot closer to year ago levels.  Here is really what's driving that. First of all, new business is largely going to offset the market softness.  Secondly, as I said we completed the two plant closures, which will improve our contribution margins.  Third, and this is important, in Europe we've implemented short time government sponsored work programs so that we're better able to flex our labor in all of our facilities in Europe.  And then lastly, our investments in hybrid and Asia become sort of flat on a year-over-year basis as we go into the second half of this year. Just a couple of other points on Power Solutions, I'd like to first talk about how our business is extremely well positioned to both gain share in our traditional lead acid battery business, as well as take advantage of the significant growth opportunities that we see in the emerging hybrid battery market.  So just on the lead asset side, we were pleased to win new business with Genuine Parts Napa in the western region.  And we anticipate these shipments will begin in the middle of the third quarter. n addition, in the second quarter we commenced shipments to O'Reilly CSK, a new customer that we announced last quarter.  If you look at our Power Solutions lead acid battery and aggregate, on an annualized basis our new business awards this year have been over 6 million units.  So we're particularly pleased with that. Also in the quarter, we were especially pleased to be named as Wal-Mart's Vendor of the Year.  It's a prestigious award and we won that in the automotive category.  I'd like to congratulate those in the Power Solutions team that are listening today with their continued strong focus on customer satisfaction. So look on the hybrid side.  We recently announced our intent to invest in a second manufacturing facility for lithium ion batteries.  As many of you already know, we have a facility up and running in France that currently supplies lithium ion batteries for the S Class Mercedes. Here in the United States, we intend to invest $220 million to retool an existing manufacturing facility in Holland, Michigan and have been awarded almost $149 million in financial incentives from the State of Michigan.  This facility we expect to be able to produce up to $15 million sales a year and will initially supply Ford and Azure Dynamics and other new customers that we expect to announce in the next few quarters. Flipping over to slide 15, let me talk about automotive experience.  You can see, obviously, the impact of the horrible production environment that we're in right now.  Our sales and profitability have been significantly impacted.  On a constant currency basis, you can see sales are down 40% with significant declines in every geographic region. It would probably be worth while pointing out that in China, which we largely don't consolidate, we saw sort of flattish to slightly up revenues in the quarter.  If you adjust for currency, you'll see some small consultation but sales declines were generally better than production declines, which reflect kind of our new business launches in the year. For the quarter, our segment income was a loss of $275 million and was primarily weighted down by the lower volumes and factory absorption issues.  Now on the positive front, the low levels of production have allowed us to pull forward our restructuring initiatives, and as a result of that, and we'll talk about this a little bit later, we're going to be able to report significantly improved results in our automotive business here beginning in the third quarter. Flipping into the financial side here on slide 16, I'm going to talk about our second quarter financials excluding the non-cash and non-recurring charges.  Steve already sort of indicated where we were on restructuring so I'm not going to go there again, and I'll talk a little bit about tax later on.  So if you'll look at the sales line $6.3 billion down 33% of that decline you'll recall $700 million is roughly due to the foreign exchange and $500 million would be let. Look at gross profit you'll see 10.8%, roughly 310 basis points lower than last year, but those margins are roughly comparable to where we were in Q1.  The decrease that we're seeing on a year-over-year basis is really due to lower factory absorption and, to a lesser extent than last quarter, short-term difficulties adjusting European direct labor to dramatically lower production rates.  In addition, we experienced some gross margin pressure as we worked through legacy commodity hedges that I talked about in Building Efficiency, and to a lesser extent, Power Solutions. SG&A at $803 million is down 10% versus last year.  We continue to aggressively reduce our cost base while protecting investments in some of our key longer term growth initiatives.  We expect that over the balance of the year SG&A comparables will be even more beneficial as a lot of the March restructuring plans that we've recently announced have a little bit heavier focus in SG&A areas. You can see a big decline here in equity income at $8 million versus $31 million a year ago.  Overall, that decline is due to lower production volumes in our automotive joint ventures in North America and Europe.  Look at China, our equity income was actually slightly up versus last year and that's a good news story.  We've continue to reinvest our earnings growth in new joint venture initiatives.  Our team over in China has made great progress in automotive.  We have over 30 joint ventures right now.  We're extremely well positioned to benefit from the long-term growth opportunities in that market. On slide 17, let me just point out a couple of things.  On the financing line you'll see interest, net financing charges down $20 million at $46 million in the quarter.  We continue to benefit from lower interest rates, and also we have some favorable foreign currency gains that run through the financing line on a quarterly basis. If you look at the, if we think about financing costs in the balance of the year, we expect those to be comparable to prior years.  We do think we're going to continue to benefit from lower short-term rates, but you'll start to see the higher interest expense associated with the convertible offerings flow through our P&L in Q3 and Q4. Taxes, I'm going to talk about taxes on my next slide.  The key takeaway here is that an overall basis we're looking at an underlying rate of 31% for the balance of this year.  On an earnings per share basis you can see we're at a loss of $0.16, as Steve talked about earlier.  From a financial perspective, though, clearly the worst is behind us.  For the first time, if you sort of look at our results in the quarter, we became cash flow positive for the first time this year in February and March, and we were profitable in the month of March.  So that gives us good momentum as we get into the third quarter. A couple of comments on the tax rate, first of all as I said before, we're increasing our effective rate here for the full year from 24% to 31%.  That's really attributable to the geographic shift in our income, and also the fact that we have losses in some European tax jurisdictions where we have full valuation allowances.  So that's sort of a short-term negative but as our earnings recover it gives us the opportunity to generate earnings in zero tax rate jurisdictions as we go forward. At the top of the slide, we've provided a short reconciliation of how we get from our 31% effective tax rate to the rate that we reported and there's really three reconciling items.  First, you can see the tax benefit on the restructuring was booked at 19% and that really reflects the geographies that the restructuring occurred in. Secondly, there's a $7 million retroactive adjustment to bring our Q1 tax benefit up in line with the 31% rate.  And lastly, we had $81 million of non-recurring tax benefits associated with both audit settlements and tax planning issues.  See at the bottom here, a couple of important messages. One, we continue to anticipate that we'll have incremental, non-recurring tax benefits of over $150 million in the second half of the year.  And secondly, and probably more importantly, as we look into 2010 our expectation is that our rate's going to be back in the 25% range.  So it's up 31% here for the balance of this year, but we anticipate that falling back into the mid-20 level in 2010. Going over to slide 19, just a few comments I'd like to talk about on the balance sheet and our cash flow.  At the end of the quarter, our net debt to total capitalization was 36%.  We were especially pleased with our working capital performance in the quarter, particularly given the challenging environment of our auto business. In aggregate, if you look at our sort of the specific line items, generally speaking payables and receivables were in neutral.  But we were able to reduce our inventory levels by almost 15% in the quarter.  Look at capital expenditure in the quarter $158 million, which was a sequential quarterly decline of over $100 million, and you're starting to see the impact of our curtailment activities here. For the balance of the year we continue to expect CapEx to trend lower, and our full year forecast we now see as being in the $600 million range, which is at the bottom of our guidance that we gave last quarter.  And we did talk a little bit earlier, but I want to expand upon the equity the mandatory convertible in cash settled convertible offering that we completed here in the second quarter. We raised net proceeds of $828 million. And for modeling purchases, I'll just remind folks that our fully diluted share count is going to increase by about 13% here beginning here in the third quarter.  Just because that was completed late in the third quarter, or second quarter, it didn't really affect our share count but that will start to impact us here in the third quarter. With the proceeds of our debt offering, quite frankly our liquidity position has never been stronger.  And the liquidity cloud that we had hanging over heads has sort of been fully addressed.  In aggregate, we've got about $3.2 billion of committed and non-committed bank lines, and roughly speaking a peak intra-monthly cash need of about $1 billion, which leaves us with a $2.2 billion cushion. Our $2 billion bank line, bank revolver which backstops our commercial paper program, is undrawn and doesn't mature until December of 2011.  We also have minimal debt maturities over the next 18 months, less than $200 million.  Our ratings are stable and have been reaffirmed by all three of the credit rating agencies within the last month and our access to commercial paper is strong. Just look at our rates, just from sort of mid-March to now we've seen overnight short-term rates drop from 2.5% to about 1.1% and that's what's really giving some of the benefit in the financing line.  In terms of the balance of the year, forecasting strong cash flows here and we expect to end the year with net debts comparable to last year. Then finally on my last slide, let me just talk about guidance.  It's not our intent at this point in time to reinstate quarterly guidance, but we are forecasting return to profitability here in the third quarter.  Our automotive business is making just terrific progress right-sizing its cost structure in the current production environment. We're very confident based on the current production visibility that we have that our operating loss in the automotive business be less than $50 million and be at the breakeven level here in Q4.  Also helping us return to profitability are the seasonal uplift in our Building Efficiency business, falling commodity costs, and accelerating benefits from our restructuring activities. And so with that, Glen, I'll turn it back over to you for questions.
Glen Ponczak: Bruce, maybe just some more comments so there's no confusion, I know we talked about when Bruce went through the tax rate, our reconciliation, he talked about the fact that the second half we'd be expecting some benefits from a tax standpoint.  When we talk about improvement of our earnings in the second half, we're not considering those, just so there's no confusion.  And with that, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  Your first question comes from Brian Johnson  Barclays Capital.
Brian Johnson: I would like to talk about the pie chart on page nine and just the overall stimulus impact and the cyclicality versus counter-cyclicality in Building Efficiency.  What do you mean by addressable market?  Is it everything the government spends on green buildings, which could include construction labor, insulation or other things you are involved with, or is 12 billion compressors controls and HVAC services?
Bruce McDonald: It's the latter, Brian.  I think when we sort of boil down the $797 billion, I think is the number, we sort of get to $95 billion is in the building space, and then when you take the building space and condense it down to how much could we actually sell, our addressable market becomes $12 billion.  So that's where we have a license to hunt.
Glen Ponczak: Yes, we just thought to show something bigger, Brian, it didn't make any sense.  This is really where we, this is contract value we can achieve.
Brian Johnson: Okay, and if you think about some of those buckets in terms of either your revenue or the overall addressable markets sort of in '07, '08, how would you break that out between federal, state, education?
Glen Ponczak: I guess maybe the only credit is if you look at our, see if this answers your question, Brian.  I think what I'm hearing is how does this address where we normally get our volume, our business?
Brian Johnson: Right and then sort of how big could this be compared to the run rate of revenues you typically see in those segments?
Glen Ponczak: Well remember this is going to be, first of all this is going to be over a couple of years, so let's start with that, okay?
Brian Johnson: That was one of my questions.  So the timeframe is two years, three years, five years?
Glen Ponczak: Let's assume three years for the sake of conversation, okay, and you have to put what portion of the $12 billion we'll win, but nevertheless we've got great capacity, Brian, to be able to do this.  We've got a dedicated government unit and what we've done to organize and take advantage of this is really taking our construction group, our service group, our GWS and really put them together and as a coordinated workforce really that's targeted this business. That's a way to describe it, but certainly from a capacity standpoint there's nothing in here that would concern us about our ability to execute on these major projects.
Brian Johnson: And is this just one time, is this going to be booked, assuming you get some share of it, in the products area or in the services area?
Glen Ponczak: No, it would be probably would be construction area.  That would include some projects, but obviously what we would like to do beyond that is also maintain the lifecycle of those buildings including all the service work.
Brian Johnson: Okay, so this is the upfront retrofit or new construction revenue potential?
Glen Ponczak: Yes, a lot of it will be retrofit, some new construction.
Bruce McDonald: And also there will be an element of performance contract.
Brian Johnson: Okay, and secondly in the technical services, since that was a part of JCI and the two prior recessions, what did you see in the 2001 downturn, and if you can remember back in '92 about the pace of technical services, deferrals and if and when that comes back in bigger repair bills down the road.
Stephen A. Roell: That's a good question, this is Steve.  I can go back I'm the historian probably on that piece first of all we didn't see much at all on that.  If you go back to 2000, 2001, Brian, I don't recall really any slowdown at all even in our backlogs in terms of our building side, okay, and certainly in our service area. If you go back to the early '90s, my recollection was that it was similar to this market except we didn't have a lot of involvement in retail at that time.  We hadn't penetrated some of the big buyers or some of the retail outlets like JC Penney's, or CVS Pharmacy those kinds of accounts, and so we've done a better job over the last couple of years of securing that type of work and that's where we're seeing the softness.
Brian Johnson: And are those stores still occupied or are some of those stores shuttered and unlikely to come back.
Stephen A. Roell: No, those stores are occupied.  They just have deferred the maintenance.
Brian Johnson: Okay and technically when do you think that results in a service call or is this just endlessly deferrable for two or three years.
Stephen A. Roell: Well, it can come up in two ways, obviously it should come back.  Let's go back, as Bruce indicated we're still seeing what's called PSA, which is still people entering into performance contracts with us.  What people are doing is not doing what we call that discretionary where they come in and do project type work.  But typically, Brian, what that results in is some time down the road there's going to be a failure or a bigger repair on that piece of equipment but it's hard to project when that's going to happen. I think the key will be that when the economy improves and those companies feel better about their financials, then they'll begin to look at how they can improve their energy and that's where we'll be able to take advantage of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Kwas.
Richard Kwas: Steve or Bruce, could you comment on Tier 2, Tier 3 support at this juncture and what you incurred in the first quarter in terms of expense in cash and what your outlook is for the rest of the year?
Bruce McDonald: Yes, I'll take that one Rich, it's Bruce.  I would say we're definitely seeing an acceleration of the numbers of suppliers that we have Tier 2, Tier 3 suppliers that are financially distressed and I think we have a good process for managing that.  I'd say that the changes or the acceleration has been in Europe, which we really haven't started seeing significant issues there. Just to put it in perspective for everybody, we are very vertically integrated, which means our biggest suppliers are chemicals, steel, fabric things like that, so we are pretty vertically integrated so the distressed suppliers we have tend to be small. So I would characterize this for us as putting out brush fires and not forest fires, okay.  Secondly, if I had to quantify how much it's cost us in the quarter, I would say it's in the $15 million range roughly speaking.  And if you think about how structural that cost is, I'd say generally speaking we have a customer or supplier that goes into bankruptcy we're able to largely get out of that situation in a three to six-month time horizon. There's some acceleration of payment terms to distressed supplier, but I would say in aggregate I dont think it could be more than $20 or $30 million.
Richard Kwas: And, Bruce, how would you characterize Europe right now versus North America on the supply basis?  Is it getting meaningfully worse in terms of the [inaudible] versus North America or are you starting to see some stability in Europe?
Stephen A. Roell: Well, this is Steve, Rich.  Clearly, what's helped a little bit here is those scrappage programs I referred to in Germany, France, and Italy.  I think even if you read about [Okal] I think suddenly the OEs got a little bit healthier because of that increased demand and that certainly flowed through the German and French supply base.  So probably improved a little bit just by virtue of what's taking place last couple of months because of the higher demand.
Richard Kwas: Right, and then how do you look at the mix of that because those are less expensive vehicles, how do you look at the mix and I know incremental unit that's a good thing, but in terms of just the revenue your booking on that versus kind of what you would normally book I would think lower fixed cost leverage how do we think about that?
Stephen A. Roell: Well, I'd say two things.  First of all, there's no correlation between a segment and profitability versus, I mean we have good and bad contracts in every segment, okay.  So we're not like our customers in that some of them don't make any money on the lower end. Secondly, I think the way we look at it, Rich we sort of forecast the industry right now in the low 14's in Europe.  Right now the production runs a little bit north of that, so we're just happy to have a little bit of extra volume and take out some of the risk with the inventory that's in the pipeline.
Richard Kwas: Right, okay, and then last question and I'll get off.  CapEx going forward you talked about $600 million this year, how much are you deferring and what initially do you think the increase is going to be for next year?
Stephen A. Roell: I think next year we're going to be comparable to this year and think about the big pieces of what we've deferred.  We deferred a battery plant in China out of this year and we're satisfying that by importing products from the U.S. into China to sort of steed that market before we put a production facility in place, scaled back our investment in smelting and make some green field investment in smelting, we sort of slowed those down.  And then the biggest impact being the auto side where we've seen launch deferrals or cancellations and we have surplus capacity so we've been able to take our CapEx way down in auto.
Glen Ponczak: I guess the only thing I would say is that there's also an opportunity here to go back and revisit some of our cost reduction CARs.  We put some of those on hold from a discretionary standpoint and depending upon the economy and depending upon the paybacks we can go back and revisit those next year.  So it's clearly within our control of what we want to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Colin Langin].
[Colin Langin]: Looking at your cash burn in a quarter, how much of the new restructuring the $185 million in cash is in the quarter, because if you took that out you're actually cash flow positive.
Bruce McDonald: About $15 million.
[Colin Langin]: So that $185 million would be a second half cash burn or is that
Bruce McDonald: Well, let's say its $185 and we spent $15 so we've got $170 to go.  I would say it's sort of probably 70% balance of this year and some will flip over into the early part of 2010.
[Colin Langin]: And I know you went through it I just want to make sure I understood.  In terms of the Building Efficiency margin decline, a lot of that was related to write-downs.  Why aren't those pulled out as one-time items?  Is that because you're reducing the number of products offerings?
Bruce McDonald: Well, I think what we're doing in our unitary business is a couple of things.  First of all, there's a change in refrigeration coming that we mandated at the end of this year, so right now we're selling two different types, all of our products are two different types of refrigerant, R-410A and R-22.  So we've got, you can think about twice as much inventory as we'd like to have, while we're managing through that change over because right now customers are taking both types of product. Secondly, what we're trying to do is speed up, given the volume decline, trying to speed up the liquidation of the old refrigerant products so we're not left with an obsolescence hit at the end of the year or at the end of December of 2009.  Secondly, one of those things that we're focusing on here is trying to rationalize our skews. And in doing that, we've discontinued a number of product variants and, again, we've discounted or established reserves to discount that inventory to get it out of the system.  I think just with the huge reduction that we've seen in the marketplace, we've really got to simplify our business and we've taken our lumps to get rid of some inventory here.
[Colin Langin]: So is that mostly done or will we see additional headwinds in Q3 and Q4?
Bruce McDonald: It's done.  We took all the charges here to write them down to what we think the liquidation value is so that we get some out by the end of this year.
[Colin Langin]: And then just one more clarification, you disclosed you have $535 million of the stimulus plan in your pipeline.  How does that relate to the $12 billion total adjustable market?  I mean these are contracts that are sort of being delayed because they could be eligible for stimulus?
Glen Ponczak: No, it's really the other way.  The $535 is with pipeline, so what we're saying is that's the first wave of the $12 billion that we're starting to see.  That's the way to think of that, [Colin], okay.
[Colin Langin]: Okay, so these are the first contracts that are being proposed that you're already bidding on?
Glen Ponczak: Right.
Operator: Your next question comes from Pat Archambault  Goldman Sachs
Patrick Archambault -- Goldman Sachs: First on the credit insurance program, can you give us a sense of where you stand now post the quarter in terms of accounts receivable exposure to Ford, GM, and Chrysler broken down, if possible, and maybe give us a sense of where that might be on a net basis, including the benefits of this program that you signed onto last night?
Stephen A. Roell: Well, let me try here, Pat.  Some of the terminology you used is a little strange, but let me see if I can clarify here.  I'm going to work with General Motors and Chrysler only, though, okay because those are where the programs are in existence.  They're not in existence for Ford. If you go to General Motors North America, we project, at the end of April that our outstanding receivable will be roughly $115 million.  Now, of that you have to break it up between U.S., Canada, and Europe, but what qualifies out of the U.S. is roughly, I'm going to give you a rough number of $100 million would be U.S. specific, which would qualify. There are programs in Canada that we're working with that are not part of, obviously, the U.S. stimulus that we're still working on and we don't have an answer for a very small amount, which pertains to Mexico. Chrysler is about $145 million, these are projections for the end April, and of that about roughly $110 of that is in the U.S.  There's a bigger portion in Canada, again, we're working on that for a Canadian program. What the insurance does though is it basically provides for just that its credit insurance, and we will pay 2% of that invoice value as we process those invoices.  That's what that refers to, okay.  We are not factory and receivables, which is what that program also provides for, and I know some suppliers will sign up for factory and we're not doing that.
Patrick Archambault -- Goldman Sachs: Okay, so there's an ability to sort of, even though the intention I guess, or the way it was presented when it was originally discussed was as a source of liquidity, you can also use the program as a more traditional insurance as you're describing?
Stephen A. Roell: Right.
Patrick Archambault -- Goldman Sachs: The other question I had was just on the CP outstanding.  I think you said that you didn't have anything drawn down on your $2 billion facility that backstops the CP program.  I understand that you may not have anything physically drawn on it, but do you have any CP outstanding against it at this time?
Bruce McDonald: Yes, we choose to have, we want to have some variable rate interest debt and we want to have some short-term debt because that's just efficient.  So right now we're sitting, if you look at the end of the quarter, our outstanding commercial paper is about $400 million, and we had no amount outstanding against any of our other committed or uncommitted bank lines, which in aggregate, total $1.2 billion. But $400 million of CP, Pat, and if you look at it on a monthly basis, let's say we start the month at $400, we need about $500 to $600 million to accommodate the variability of our cash flow in the month, so that's why we say right now we're in a position where our liquidity cushion is $2.2 billion.
Glen Ponczak: Pat, just as a point, before the issuance our outstanding CP balance would have been over $1 billion, okay, and that's how we finance ourselves, as Bruce mentioned, from the standpoint of balancing our short-term long-term debt exposure, okay.  That's normal, that's been what we've done for decades.
Patrick Archambault -- Goldman Sachs: And I guess just one last housekeeping one.  Minority interest it looks like was obviously a positive given your losses, I guess, which you put a share of to folks outside of JCI.  Can you give us a sense of how we should think about modeling that just for the rest of the year as you become profit making on an EBIT level?
Bruce McDonald: Minority interest is going to continue to be significantly lower than the last year.  You're quite right.  What it basically means is we're losing money in consolidated joint ventures.  That's what that line item means, in fact that's positive.  So we do expect to see it trending getting into an improving trend, but it's going to remain in a loss position here over the balance of the year, but it's not probably going to be as large as it was this quarter.
Patrick Archambault -- Goldman Sachs: Meaning that it's going to be a positive to earnings, it's just modeling on its own, understanding the process.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, it's going to continue to be a positive, but it's going to decline.
Glen Ponczak: We've probably got time for one more caller.
Operator: Your next question comes from Himanshu Patel  JP Morgan.
Himanshu Patel: A couple of questions, on the $12 billion addressable market for the stimulus, just historically what kind of win rates would you guys see and should we apply something like that to this $12 billion number?
Stephen A. Roell: Well, we would tell you a minimum 25 and, of course, our goal is obviously going to be much more than that, okay.
Himanshu Patel: So that's $4 billion, $5 billion of revenue for JCI incrementally over the next three years from stimulus, is that right.
Stephen A. Roell: I would say if I start with 25% I'd start with 3 and target to 4 or 5.  But, Himanshu, that's tough.  Historically what we've done.  We think, again, if you go back to what will make us successful, it goes back to the extent we can drive it towards energy performance contracting, we'll have higher win rates. To the extent it's in federal entities where we have strong ties with the DOE and DOD, we think we'll have higher win rates, and I think we're well positioned with the state and local governments relative to state and educational upgrades, so these aren't our sweet spots, but maybe if you put a number out there I would have used 3 as a base and we'll try to grow above that.
Bruce McDonald: Himanshu, it's kind of tough to quantify.  It's really evolving rapidly.  If you asked us two weeks ago what our pipeline was, it would have been $150 million.  So it's moving very, very quickly and we're trying to give people as much information as we can about the size of the opportunity, but it's just tough to call at those very early stages.
Himanshu Patel: Steve, I know you had mentioned earlier that this would take maybe three years or so, roughly speaking, to flow through.  When should we think about peak execution period for these contracts?
Stephen A. Roell: Again, we've tried to guess that.  We're trying to see how quickly it's coming out and visible to us.  I think our bidding activity, Himanshu, will be in '10, if I had to guess right now that'll be our bidding I think will peak then, which means our execution will be towards late '10, '11 and '12, okay?  That's my best guess.  Obviously, what it depends on, if it's an energy retrofit, it will go quick.  If it's a major construction project, then we're talking about the latter end of that time cycle.
Himanshu Patel: Okay.  If we go to the building division segment EBIT was down $87 million.  Bruce, you had mentioned unitary was $32 million of that.  It looks like the majority of the rest may have been outside of the U.S. but the revenues look like they sort of hung in there outside of the U.S.  Can you give a little bit of color what happened there?
Bruce McDonald: Well, $32 million was residential and $14 million was the Latin and South America.  So let's say those two combined were sort of pushing $50 of the $87, okay?  If you look at the pieces here, you would say in Europe the margins, like I said, were comparable.  They're up a little bit.  And GWS is sort of flattish, okay?  China and the Middle East, China was up, the Middle East was flat. Then you really get into systems and service in North America.  So if we look at our systems business, our margins were down about 150 basis points, and that would be the comments I talked about there being legacy, copper and aluminum hedges.  And we have, as we've talked about before, we hedge a lot of our exposure or competing against people that may not be hedging their commodities. So we're out there pricing new jobs, we have say copper that we've hedged at $3.50 a pound and right now the spot's, say, 202 or something like that.  So there's some margin pressure there.  And then there's the destocking that I talked about, trying to lower our equipment inventory.  If you look at in the quarter, we brought our inventory down by nearly $270 million or 15%. So we put a lot of focus on, look we've got to run our business here a little bit more for cash and let's take some inventory, let's take some short-term pain and get some inventory out of the system.  In terms of service where we said we're down in the 8% or 9%, our margins were down about 30 or 40 basis points.  So we did a pretty good job.  And then there's clearly an element of FX in passing it, too.  Those would be the big items.
Himanshu Patel: Okay.  And then the unfavorable hedges that you have in the battery division, it sounds like that was a big issue this quarter like last quarter.  I think you said that impact pretty much rolls off next quarter.  Is there a way of quantifying what that impact was that quarter if you had led at current market prices in your cost base?
Bruce McDonald: There's some impact of lead on our profitability, Himanshu, but it's not the major item, okay?  The major item is we have a very highly capital-intensive business, as you know.  We shut down two plants in the third quarter, sorry, in the second quarter here, so we're carrying right now three too many plants.  We cut down two and we weren't able to flex our labor fully in Europe, its factory absorption and not being able to get the flexible costs down. And so that's why I think that going into the third quarter, lead really isn't a quarter-over-quarter differentiator.  It's really about the cost performance that we're going to get by right-sizing our manufacturing base, and I'd say that's all behind us.  So I feel pretty comfortable with getting the profitability in our Power Solutions business much more in line with what you would have expected here beginning in the third quarter.
Himanshu Patel: So, Bruce, I just want to clarify your comment earlier on battery operating profit for the second half.  Did you say it would be flat with a year ago or you just said it would go back to normal levels?
Bruce McDonald: I think we're saying we still seeing some volume softness on the OE side, okay?  So it's been down slightly, but the comps are going to get much, much more friendly in the third quarter here, starting in the third quarter.
Glen Ponczak: If I could just applicable final comments, I think about what you've seen from our company in the first half of the year, I think the thing I think I'd point to is our ability to do the restructuring that was necessary to get our businesses positioned for the future.  It's really painful taking those restructuring charges for several reasons. But I think the benefit that we get going forward, and the fact that we can do it when much of the industry and our competitors cannot do it, I think really positions us extremely well in terms of our margin improvements in the future, in terms of our ability to benefit from any upward volume benefit we're going to get when the industries recover. And I think, at the same time, I really feel good about how we're servicing our customers and positioning ourselves for the growth aspects of our industries.  So that's my comment.  Again, I appreciate everybody coming on the call today and Glen will be around today for questions.  Thank you very much.
Operator: At this time, that would conclude today's conference.  You may disconnect and thank you for your attendance.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-01-16 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. (Operator Instruction) I would also like to remind participants that the conference is being recorded. If you have any objections please disconnect at this time. Id now like to turn the call over to Mr. Glen Ponczak.
Glen Ponczak: Good morning, everyone, from a very frigid Milwaukee. Before we begin I want to remind everyone that Johnson Controls, Inc. will make forward-looking statements in this presentation pertaining to its financial results for fiscal 2009 and beyond that are based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates or forecasts. For those statements the company cautions that numerous important factors, such as automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, financial distress of key customers, energy prices, the strength of the U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellation or changes to commercial contracts, liquidity, the ability to execute on restructuring actions according to anticipated timelines and cost, as well as other factors discussed in item 1A of part two of the company's most recent Form 10-K filing could affect the company's actual results and could cause its actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by or on behalf of the company. We are pleased to be joined this morning by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Roell, who will give some overview comments and take a look at the first quarter. Keith Wandell, our President and Chief Operating Officer, will follow with a review of the business results for each of our three businesses. And then Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce McDonald, who is nursing a sore throat and some little bit of laryngitis, will give us a financial review and we hope that his voice holds out through the entire call. That will be followed at the end with questions and answers. And with that I'll turn it over to Steve.
Stephen A. Roell: Good morning. It clearly was a very challenging quarter for us and it became more apparent and evident as we went through the quarter that the  depth and the duration of the U.S. economic slowdown and recession was going to be greater than what we initially had expected as well as the fact that it extended into the global markets. So with those leading comments, let me just start with the financial results for the quarter. Our sales of $7.3 billion were down 23% from last year. Keith will go through the various segments but clearly you will hear a combination of volume declines, of commodity pass through, as well as exchange. Our segment income was a loss of $48.0 million and thats excluding the Q1 non-reoccurring, non-cash items and again, at the end of the session Bruce will go through that in more detail. Our net income was a loss of $82.0 million, which resulted in a $0.14 per share diluted share loss versus $0.39 profit that we recorded a year ago in Q1. On the next page I just decided to use this exhibit to illustrate the extent of which we saw the deterioration of the U.S. automotive market. This chart depicts the U.S. seasonally adjusted annual rate of sales. So this is really sales to the consumers and if you look you can begin to see the slowdown that occurred in the first part of calendar year 2008, but then you can see the last months of October, November, and December, just how fast and to what extent and extreme the fall-off and the slowness in sales took place. If you look at the 2008 full-year sales from the industry were 13.2 million units. That was down 18% versus the prior year and that represents the lowest level since 1992. On the next page we go then from sales to automotive production and this is looking at the period going back to 1951 through 2009. When we revised our estimates and pulled our guidance, I should say really in early December, we indicated that we thought the 2009 North American production level would be as low as 9.2 million units. You can see from this chart that thats the lowest level since 1983 and, in fact, you have to go back to 1963 to find the second year that begins to proximate what we are talking about in terms of the weakness in production in North America this year. I think I did this, I know most of you follow the automotive industry but there are some who do not, so I just wanted to put this in context just as a starting point for discussion. The next chart talks about international markets and clearly what did surprise, I think, most analysts was the extent at which Europe deteriorated in the first fiscal quarter. The European market had been very stable through August 2008, and then if we look at the quarter just ended, Western European car registrations were down 26% year-over-year. It was the worst quarter since 1993 and it was obvious that Eastern Europe was not exempt. If you look at the graphs on the right, what this illustrates is that Q3 was 5.6 million units and that period includes the summer shutdown in the European market. You can see how it deteriorated in Q4 down to 5.1 million units and how it is going to continue to decline in the first calendar quarter, or our second fiscal quarter in 2009. Im sorry, that is not correct. Is this calendar year 2009? Thats fiscal year, okay. So then if we also go back to the rest of the international markets, the China market was down 2% year-over-year as that market began to soften as well. In terms of the building markets, we did begin to see some softness in the commercial new construction markets in Q4 2008. The greatness weakness, as we look into 2009, is going to be in the office, retail, and lodging segments and to some extent in the industrial manufacturing group. Some of the data we have seen from a forecasting service called Global Insight has indicated that as much as 80% of the softness in 2009 will be confined to these four vertical markets. I say that only because our volume is heavily concentrated in the institutional sector, basically federal, state, local governments, healthcare, and education, and those segments are expected to remain the strongest during this 2009 time frame. We did see new construction slowdowns and deferrals in the Middle East, primarily due to low oil prices and higher vacancy rates but as I look at the rest of the world, we have really seen very few cancellations or deferrals. We can highlight a few things in maybe the Thai market, but for the most part and certainly the U.S., we have really not seen cancellation of construction projects in any of our backlog. U.S. housing starts were down 47% year-over-year in the quarter. We continue to try to seek bottom in terms of the housing starts, and of course, the existing home sales were also impacted and declined in the quarter. So thats the environment. In terms of what actually we have taken I will go back to the September time frame, when we announced that we were taking a $495.0 million restructuring charge. Just a few things about that. That includes thousands of work force reductions. In fact, as you will note in our Q2, its over 9,000 positions that are being eliminated throughout the world. Includes 21 plant consolidations or closings. You can see those by the various businesses that we have. From the standpoint of payback, we have indicated that we expected to have the payback in 2.5 years. Obviously the $495.0 million costs are spread out through the next four quarters. In terms of an update on that, on the far right-hand side, the plant closings are on schedule. We do expect that the actions will start to add to our earnings and be accretive starting in Q2 2009. Although, as we noted when we announced the charge, the biggest benefit will be in fiscal 2010. Obviously we are not pleased at having to take the restructuring, as we indicated back in September, but we do recognize that we were able to take the chargea few things about that. that that we were taking a $495.0 mil and of course, existing home sales were also impacted and decline. Many of our competitors are not able to do so from the cash aspect. This, we believe, will improve our competitiveness greatly as we exit the recession in 2010 and beyond. We have taken some additional actions. I am just going to call out a few of those. We have, as you would expect, general hiring freezes on throughout our businesses. We have frozen the wages of almost all of our bonus-eligible people. Just by virtue of how annual bonuses are calculated, the corporate executives and employees, as well as our automotive employees, will not earn an annual bonus in 2009. We are looking at flexible work hours in some of our businesses, relative to four-day weeks. And in terms of liquidity preservation, Bruce will talk a little more about these, but clearly we are gunning down in terms of our capital spending. We maintained our dividend, which we thought was important for our shareholders for 2009. We did not increase it, though. And we also, as you recall coming into the fiscal year, had indicated that we were going to make pension contributions. We have scaled that back and, again, Bruce will highlight that in his discussion. There are some positives and I think from our standpoint we continue to invest in innovation. We think its critical, just of how we provide value to our customers and I will share a few things with you. We continue to gain share. While I am not going to go into much detail, we had a good quarter in terms of new business awards across a variety of OEs. Our Building Efficiency backlog in absolute dollars is up 7%. We continue to see growth in our pipeline in terms of new order opportunities. We have been awarded several new contracts in Power Solutions and I will highlight one of those. We didnt highlight this, but we also began adding to our sales force back in September, in the Building Efficiency side, to take advantage of what we saw were growth opportunities in the government sector and those opportunities existed even before the current stimulus package that was announced yesterday. Just an example of innovation. Some of you, I know, had a chance to attend the Detroit auto show. At that show we highlighted a concept vehicle that was there. It was called the RE3. And that is an important show for us. Despite the fact that the attendance will be down at the auto show, we still have almost 3,000 customer representatives who come through from their engineering departments to view our technology. There are three [inaudible] to comment a little bit more about that. If you look at the upper right-hand side, it is a conversational arrangement. Its more evident when you look at the lower-left and you can see how the front seat can actually move back to the back a little bit and provide conversation to both the person in the rear seat as well as in the front. Its a slim seat design, stadium folding. The left photo also shows a unique and creative way of how we can package a lithium ion battery in the center console, which frees up the rear road space and allows for seating of five, which has been a major hurdle for a number of the OEs as they design vehicles for lithium or for any type of a hybrid battery application. We have expanded storage, extended cluster, which includes a traditional gauge cluster, along with a seven-inch color touch panel display. And you will notice that there is a wing seat armrest and controller on the drivers side that enables some of the controls we moved from the center stack to the seat. I call this out only because this just is an illustration of the types of packing and creativity we can bring and innovation to the OEs as they think about the design of the interior of their vehicles. As I mentioned, we have on the next page, a couple of new customer wins in Power Solutions. The one we can talk about today is OReilly Auto Parts. More than 1,000 new outlets, a full line of automotive super-start batteries, including the Optima high-performance automotive battery, where shipments will commence in February. We were very pleased with that customers confidence in us going forward to supply them with our product. I want to talk just a minute in Building Efficiency about federal government opportunities. In December 2008 we were named as one of several companies in the U.S. that the U.S. Department of Energy will source relative to an $80.0 billion energy efficiency program for federal buildings. I have talked to several of you in the past about the fact that I think that we have been awarded a lions share, a high portion of whats been awarded for the DOE and DOD already in 2007,2008 and beyond. Just to illustrate some of those, we are filing this year the Lawrence Livermore National Labs contract, which is a $12.0 million contract. We were also awarded an Oakridge National Lab contract in Tennessee for $89.0 million. And then we just have several of these recent federal government contracts for the DOD, including Fort Stewart, Lackland Air Force Base, and you can read the rest. I think the point is that as you look at this, these are broad-spaced, broad-scoped contracts, often times including renewable energy, water conservation. We get to deploy our HVAC York equipment, our Metasys building automation systems, and often times we get a long-term service arrangement as well. So starting to look forward then, we can then highlight some of the comments that have been made by President Elect Obama. I chose a quote that he made on January 8. If you will go to the middle portion of that quote it talks about the fact that, We will modernize more than 75% of federal buildings and improve the energy efficiency of 2.0 million American homes. Many of you probably saw in the initial American Recovery and Reinvestment bill the proposals that were highlighted in the Wall Street Journal this morning. There clearly are opportunities for us relative to the funds that would be targeted for government and school building energy efficiency. And one of the important things there is how well we are advantaged. We think they are going to want to deploy and get benefits associated with these spendings. What that requires is that we are pre-qualified under a number of different government procurement processes. They include the ESPC for the Department of Energy, a lot of the different contracting vehicles for the Corp of Engineers, as well as the GSA. We have a long history of successful projects with the federal government, we have a dedicated government business unit, we have increased our sales force, as I mentioned to you, and from the standpoint of the branch network reach, given the fact that we have 165+ branches throughout the U.S., we are in a position geographically to respond to local opportunities. So just to finalize my comments, I think that the important thing as we think about the current environment is that we, number one, align our cost structure to the realities of the market. We recognize that there is going to be a period of time here where our costs and profits will be under pressure, so we have taken the steps, we believe, to get our cost structure in line. We also think, though, that we need to do that in concert and consistent with our long-term goals and that is important to us and that is the way we have been making these decisions. We want to protect our liquidity and I mentioned some of the steps we are taking and Bruce will talk a little more about them. And I think we are in a great position to benefit from the global mega trends, whether it be energy efficiency, sustainability greenhouse gas reductions, as well as our positioning and market share gains in emerging markets. We think it is extremely important from our standpoint to be in a position to gain share, to monitor this economic cycle as strong as we can, improve our competitiveness, and enhance our leadership position. So now I will turn it over to Keith and Keith is going to walk through the three business units and give you the highlights from the sales and segment income standpoint.
Keith E. Wandell: I will probably walk through each one of the three businesses and sort of give you high-level highlights of what occurred in each one of our businesses, starting with Building Efficiency. From a revenue perspective revenue was down quarter-over-quarter from $3.2 billion to $3.1 billion, which is 5% roughly, but without currency in there our sales were actually up 1%. And there were really some puts and takes in all of that. Number one, we continue to see a depressed residential demand for our unitary products. Demand was down about 18% quarter-over-quarter on top of an already depressed level from a year ago. And in our technical services, the services that we provide out of our fan-based service work, repair, replacement and that kind of thing, was down about 2%, particularly in the labor and material area where we see people sort of pulling back a little bit maybe on some preventative maintenance kind of services. On the other hand, our North American systems business was up 5% and really was flat in the rest of the world, and our solutions business, you know, the energy efficiency and performance contracting work was up over 20%. And again, thats really driven by the demand for energy efficiency solutions as well as our performance contracting work that institutions are turning to to fund some of their projects. So overall, relatively flat performance in a tough, tough market. From a segment income perspective, we did see double-digit improvements in both North America systems and services, 12% and 30% respectively. And in our North American services our margins were up over 100 basis points and I really think thats a tribute to all the work weve been doing around best business practices and really sharing practices across our network and really driving efficiencies and productivity gains. And I think that is going to serve us well as we go forward here. We did have lower European profitability, mostly due to the impact of currency and some volume. Our backlog is $4.7 billion, which is up 7% quarter-over-quarter and excluding FX, is up 8%. And again, just to reiterate, we continue to see fairly good strength in the federal, healthcare, and higher education vertical markets where we really tend to be the strongest in the markets that we serve. Moving to Power Solutions, revenues were down 32% quarter-over-quarter. It was $1.7 billion in revenue to $1.1 billion. And really there were three significant impacts, I would say to the revenue number: lower lead prices being the largest, lower volume, and then some currency because of our strong position in Europe and the sales that we have there. When you think about the volume though, our OE production was lower, our OE production was down, our batteries that were sold to our OE customers was down approximately 30% quarter-over-quarter in both North America and Europe. And those batteries, the OE portion of our business makes up about 24% of our revenue. In terms of the after-market customers, our volume was also down, I think impacted mainly by two things. Number one, I think our customers, as lead ran up in the last year, the bill prices went up and even though we have seen some retraction in the L&E and the like, our customers have become a little more cautious about managing their inventories and so we are seeing some of that as they have sold off their inventories. As well as we think that approximately 30% to 40% of the after-market batteries that are sold are really sold as a preventative maintenance purchase and we do think there are some folks that are putting off those purchases and we will really just create  what we think is some kind of demand in the future. In our Automotive business revenues were down from $4.6 billion to $3.1 billion, about a 32% decline. Sales were down 25%, including the impact of currency. And really we saw declines across all geographies, customers, and product segments. And Steve mentioned earlier, while we clearly saw that coming in North America, the big surprise has been just the rapid drop-off in production in Europe. Our North American sales were down about 23%, production was down about 26%, and in Europe our sales were down 41% while production was down 24% and certainly some of that is due to the effect of foreign exchange. And from a segment income perspective we went from $78.0 million last quarter to a loss of $219.0 million. And again, just strictly attributable to the volume and loss of contribution margin and we saw losses, really, in all geographic regions. In our Automotive business we are continuing to execute our restructuring initiatives. We feel good about where we are on those. We are continuing to rationalize our footprint and capacity and we really believe that when the volumes respond, as they will at some point in time, that this is going to serve us very well.
Stephen A. Roell: When you were going through the Power Solutions piece on volume, I think we need to go back to the segment income. You didnt really have a chance to comment on that.
Keith E. Wandell: The segment income was down 70%, from $133.0 million to $40.0 million. And again, its just reflective of the volume drops, the lead volatility, lead went from approximately $3,200+ on average per ton last quarter in 2009 to about $1,251 so a drop of about $2,000. That impacts us. And we did have a non-recurring lead inventory issue related specifically to spent cores that we purchase in the market to have tolled through our secondary smelters, which impacted us about $50.0 million. But once again that is a non-recurring event. I apologize for skipping over that. With that I will turn it over to Bruce McDonald.
R. Bruce McDonald: I am going to talk about our first quarter financial highlights and I am going to exclude the non-recurring charges. I will come back and talk about those in a couple of minutes here. Reflecting on the difficult economic environment that we are facing, our sales were down 23%. If you back out exchange that was down about 17%, with only our Building Efficiency business up on a year-over-year basis. As Keith indicated, our North America systems business, performance contracting, and global workplace solutions businesses were higher versus last year. Power Solutions sales were down 30%, reflecting dramatically lower lead pass-through prices and about 13% lower unit volumes. In Automotive our sales were down 32% and if we take out exchanges, that down about 25%. If we look at the gross profit line you will see we are down about 300 basis points versus last year and that is really due to lower factory absorption and some of the difficulties that we have had adjusting our cost base in our European Automotive operations. If you think about our business in Europe, its very difficult to flex direct labor quickly and that probably cost us about $40.0 million in the quarter, and that is something that we have to get after here as we go through the balance of our fiscal year. Turning down to SG&A you can see we are down about 10% versus the prior year. We continue to aggressively attack our cost base but we continue to protect investments in some of our key longer term growth initiatives. Steve talked about our restructuring program earlier on but maybe I can provide a few specifics here. So far we have completed about 30% of our planned 9,300 headcount reductions and all of our plant closings are either on or ahead of schedule. If you go to Slide 19, you will see net financing charges were $56.0 million so they are about $13.0 million below the level of a year ago. In here we benefited from lower interest rates but we also have some favorable foreign exchange. It was a pretty volatile quarter and we dont expect the level of volatility that we saw in the currency markets to continue, so on a go-forward basis our net financing charges should probably in line with approximately [inaudible] levels. If we look at our tax rate and strip out the one-time items, our tax rate increased to 24% versus the 21% that we had guided to. I am going to comment on taxes a little bit later and from an operational point of view we lost $0.14 this year. I would like to spend a minute on Slide 20 and talk about the $526.0 million of non-recurring, one-time charges. You can see where all the charges have been reflected in the financial statement and I would like to highlight the fact that these are all non-cash charges and dont affect our liquidity. The charges are comprised of three items. First, we recorded a $152.0 million charge against the equity investment in our North American residential HVAC business. As you know, the North American residential market is severely depressed and its currently running at about 70% below its peak level. As a result of that downturn we were required to revalue our equity investment. Longer term we continue to like the fundamentals of the North American residential market place and we are confident that we are reaching the point of the bottom and that better days are ahead. But we have to take that charge, really reflecting the conditions in the market place right now. Secondly, we wrote off some fixed assets in our Automotive businesses in Europe and North America, which in aggregate were $110.0 million and these charges really represent lost fixed assets for programs where we dont expect to make money, given the current depressed industry volumes. Lastly, we recorded a $300.0 million tax valuation allowance adjustment against our deferred tax assets in several foreign jurisdictions, primarily in Europe. I will comment on the next slide on tax in a little more detail. In 2009, with this volatility in our income statement, our taxes are going to be quite volatile as well so I would like to spend a few minutes and take you through a few of the items here. First of all with respect to the deferred tax valuation allowance, these really were triggered by the downturn in our outlook for auto business in Europe. Right now we are anticipating industry volumes in Europe are going to be down about 30% and as a result of that there are some countries in Europe where we no longer have a history of profitability and according to FEN 48 new accounting guideline we are required to set up reserves against deferred tax assets when the financial outlook changes in a significant manner. I would like to point out, however, that unlike our other write-offs for tax purposes, these things can come on and off and you will recall a couple of years ago we had some fairly significant releases of valuation allowances because of deferred tax assets and so we expect these to come on and off as our history of profitability is restored. The other point I would make is while we have fully reserved against losses in some of our European jurisdictions, that will provide us a positive rate benefit on a go-forward basis. Secondly, here in 2009 we are upping our tax rate from 21% to 24%. This is really due to two things. One, a mix change in where were making our income in 2009. And secondly, we have losses in some European countries that we wont be able to tax benefit so that provides a bit of short-term upward pressure. And lastly, the erosion on our profitability does provide us with some tax planning opportunities and we expect, beginning in our second quarter, to start to be able to implement some of those and we will probably over the balance of this fiscal year generate about $200.0 million to $250.0 million of non-recurring benefits. So we have taken a $300.0 million charge in Q1, we expect to recover most of that through one-time benefits in Q2, Q3, and Q4. Turning to our balance sheet, I would like to talk a bit about our cash flow. We ended the quarter with a debt to total capitalization of about 34.8%. Historically we experienced a working capital outflow in our first quarter, and in Q1 that was about $520.0 million, or about $200.0 million higher than last year. As we look out into the balance of this fiscal year we do expect to see our revenues decline and as a result of that we anticipate that cash flow from working capital will be a source of cash for us for the year. However, offsetting that is going to be the cash flow that we have, the outflow that we expect on the restructuring program that we talked about previously. So net-net it should be a neutral for us for the full year but it is an outflow in Q1. Going to capital expenditure, we have guided to a number of $600.0 million to $650.0 million for the year. Thats what we said in December. You will see in Q1 we spent about $268.0 million so our capital expenditure is very heavily skewed towards the first half of the fiscal year. There are a couple of other things I would like to point out here in Q1. In the first quarter we had about $70.0 million of acquisitions and investments in some equity joint ventures. We dont see that recurring in the balance, we dont see anything significant in the remainder of our fiscal year. Secondly, with respect to pensions, we made about $100.0 million of contributions in the first quarter and, again, we dont expect to see any discretionary pension funding in the balance of the fiscal year. And third, in the quarter we paid about $50.0 million of off-balance sheet debt. Our current level of off-balance sheet debt is the minimum. We generally have a policy of putting all of our debt on our balance sheet but there is a small amount out there that we repaid in the quarter. And again, that wont be recurring. So if you take those three items in aggregate there is about $225.0 million of cash flow associated with those things. Our overall liquidity position is strong. Even though our ratings were recently lowered by Standard & Poors, the important thing to note is our short-term ratings were not affected. We continue to have a short-term A2/P2 rating with all three of the rating agencies. We continue to be able to access the commercial paper market, which is highly liquid. Overnight borrowing costs are in the 1.5% range. We have got $3.0 billion of liquidity with minimal debt maturities in the next couple of years. Lastly, we did withdraw our guidance in December and its not our intent to reinstate it at this point in time. We continue to operate in extremely volatile economic environments and a lot of uncertainties remain. If I step back and look at where we are right now, we are making great progress in our restructuring plans, continuing to invest in the areas that are going to benefit us in the long term. As we go into the second quarter we are guiding to a loss of a similar scale for the operating loss that we had in the first quarter. We do anticipate that both Building Efficiency and Power Solutions performance will sequentially improve but being realistic, the second quarter is going to be a tough one for Auto business. In North America production is going to be down about 46%. Europe is extremely weak in our second quarter. But I think we have got actions in place. Some of our businesses are seasonal and we are highly confident that we will return to profitability beginning in our third quarter. With that I will turn it back over to Glen.
Glen Ponczak: We are ready to take questions and answers.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Patrick Archambault - Goldman Sachs.
Patrick Archambault: On the win in Power Solutions, which I think might have come from Exide, can you quantify what the size of that is in dollar terms, once it fully ramps up, and secondly, can you tell us what that one was based on? Was it price competition, service capability, or any other factors you can shed some color on.
Glen Ponczak: The volume of batteries or the size of the contract was not disclosed. And I guess I would tell you if you want to know what the decision was based on maybe call OReilly. Thats probably more appropriate.
Stephen A. Roell: We are not out lowering prices to take volume. I can at least make that comment to you. So I would like to think it was a combination of our technology, our cost position, as well as the fact that I think weve got a very good reputation in the industry relative to our service.
Patrick Archambault: On the cash flow, it seems like debt increased by $670.0 million for the quarter. Did you draw on your revolver or any of your bank facilities? Where did the issuance come from?
R. Bruce McDonald: We financed our outflow here in the first quarter, which we expect to be seasonal, so we expect that to come down in the balance of the year, with commercial paper. We havent drawn on our bank line.
Patrick Archambault: I know you dont have guidance but can you give us a bit of a breakdown of the outlook for the components, non-res construction business, how you see it trending? I think if I remember, you had it flat in your previous guidance. Possibly that has come down. I think that was in North American. And then I would ask a similar question for Europe, just how you expect that to play out. And I understand that within that some of the markets are different. But a little more color on that would be great.
Stephen A. Roell: Probably the best way to describe it you is going back to my comments, if  you look at the forecasting services, when they look at new construction, their view is that the softness is going to be pretty well concentrated in the lodging, manufacturing, retail arenas. And as I mentioned I think as much as almost 80% of it is concentrated in that. So that then talks about where the strength is. And as Keith mentioned, when we look at our backlog and look at our pipeline, we continue to see good growth in the federal market, higher ed, and also in the school market. Now part of that is a function that we are driving our results based on what we call solutions, which isnt going to be real obvious in terms of new construction awards. Thats really energy savings investments and paybacks. Thats why we added 100 sales people since last year. So I think when I tell you where were going to see the increase, its going to come from the existing building market in the service arena, primarily solutions. When it comes to Europe, Europe is not that advanced in the concept of performance contracting. So Europe will be softer for us. I think we see that right now. We see Europe softening, we see China softening but we still expect growth in the Chinese market, and even though we mention that we see softening in the Middle East we will still see year-over-year growth.
Patrick Archambault: I guess the concentration of the weakness, has that sort of changed in the recent quarter because of fiscal stimulus which is going to make the federal side, and perhaps other segments, relatively more attractive. How much of a role has that played?
Stephen A. Roell: I think from the stimulus standpoint we can only see it in two ways. We see it in the federal government buildings and we would see it education. From the stimulus standpoint I am optimistic that we will see it, I just think we are going to see it very late in the fiscal year. We are not going to see it obviously in second and third quarters. I do think we are well positioned to take advantage of it when it does happen, as I mentioned, because of the way we are qualified under the contracting vehicles that exist for the federal government. Maybe the last thing that we havent talked about, which would be worthwhile mentioning, is our GWS business. We have seen a real surge of quotations and interest coming out of the life science arena that we havent seen before. We have strength there. I think in the past we have talked about the fact that in our facilities management business we do have a high concentration of life science. But I guess I would tell you that we have seen probably our largest backlog, its not in the numbers we report to you, in terms of pipeline. But our pipeline there is as strong as its ever been. So GWS should be a good area of growth for us as we look at secured business going forward this year and next year.
Patrick Archambault: Thats excluded from the backlog number that you report to us, correct?
Stephen A. Roell: Right.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Kwas - Wachovia Capital Markets.
Richard Kwas: Could you discuss the restructuring, back in September you announced this restructuring program. If I recall correctly you were assuming a 12.5 North American unit production and I think you were expecting that Europe was going to be relatively flat over the next couple of years. Given the decline in volumes over the last quarter or so, do you anticipate having to up the ante with the restructuring program, and are there any restrictions under your debt covenants to do more restructuring.
R. Bruce McDonald: First, let me comment on the debt covenant. We have no debt covenant other than a minimum net worth covenant, $1.3 billion and our equity is at $8.3 billion right now. So we really dont have any debt covenant issues that we have to comply with. With regard to the restructuring, I would say right now, you are right, we did phase the restructuring program on a higher volume level than we are currently operating at, and we recognize that we probably need to do more than we initially set out to do. But at this point in time we are not in a position to comment further on it.
Richard Kwas: But its probably likely you will have to do something additionally. Looking at 2010 youre not expecting necessarily that North American unit production is going to get back to the level that you thought it was going to be for fiscal 2009 or 2010.
R. Bruce McDonald: I think its probably more around the SG&A side of things than the plant closure side of things.
Stephen A. Roell: I think its important to note that we are contemplating another restructuring charge. What we are doing is were looking at our SG&A costs and just to give you a feel for it, in North America today we have our SG&A costs at what they were when we were producing the same level back in 1997. And thats when our sales were in that 5.0 million unit level in the U.S.
Keith E. Wandell: And in addition to that, even prior to the announcement of the restructuring, the prior three or four years, we had done a lot of restructuring, just sort of internal to the ongoing financial performance of the business. So there has been a lot more done even than just this sort of bigger announcement that was made last year.
R. Bruce McDonald: I think the other things is clearly our customers, especially in North America are almost inevitably going to do some downsizing. As you know, some of our plants are 100% dedicated to those and to the extent our customers make announcements, we will respond accordingly.
Richard Kwas: On the supplier front, certainly in the auto sector, tier 2, tier 3, coming out of the show there is a lot more commentary about real near-term risks. What are your thoughts on that over the next 60 to 90 days, on your tier 2s and how healthy are they?
Keith E. Wandell: We have publicly stated that approximately 35% of our supply base is financially distressed. And so it is an issue. And I think we have a good process in place for how we are managing that. We are doing a couple of things. Number one, we have a very aggressive in-sourcing process in place where we have sort of excess capacity internally, be it injection molding, or be it metal stamping, or whatever, where we are very rapidly bringing a lot of that work in-house, which is really a double benefit to us. It helps with our overhead absorption as well as typically it is at a lower cost to us. And then secondly we are going through a work-out process and we have a complete organization in place that is really helping us move a lot of parts from financially-distressed suppliers to other more healthy suppliers. And so I would tell you that right now we are pretty well ahead of the curve but it is a concern for us, and its an even bigger concern for the car companies. You can just imagine the number of suppliers that they have and how many of those are financially stressed. So this is a big issue for the entire industry.
Richard Kwas: After-market business softness with inventories, and pulling back on inventories with some of your key customers, do you anticipate that continuing in the near term? Do you think youve seen the worst of it or whats your sense for that right now?
Keith E. Wandell: I think in terms of the inventory management, I think weve probably seen the majority of it. The thing about the battery business is there is a very imperfect forecasting capability, when you think about all the different SKUs and the different battery types that go into vehicles, we might have a forecasting inaccuracy of anywhere to 80% to 100% in any given month on any given part number. So typically what you do to offset that is you layer in inventory, both in our system as well as at the customer. Because the customer is trying to obviously make every sale they can make when the customer comes in the door. And so like I said, with the price of lead going up over the last year, they have become more sensitized to that so they have sort of scaled back their inventories, and we think we have seen the bulk of that. The other thing I did mention, though, was that we do believe there has been a deferral, if you will, of sort of the preventive maintenance kind of purchases that occur with batteries and we think at some point in time that will level out as well and there should be some pent-up demand there.
Stephen A. Roell: I wanted to add a comment, another thing we can acknowledge is that at least in Europe we saw in December, we saw the after-market customers come back. So I think that lead has now been fairly level for probably the last 90 days and thats sort of helping out a little.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Ceraso - Credit Suisse.
Christopher Ceraso: In some of the segment EBIT data, can you give us a feel for how much was the hit from the customer bankruptcy? And was it in the GWS area?
R. Bruce McDonald: I think it was $7.0 million or $8.0 million.
Christopher Ceraso: And as you look forward, there was a comment in here about starting to feel more of the accretion from restructuring as we roll forward over the next couple of quarters. Can you give a feel for the magnitude of that as we move through Q2, Q3, Q4?
R. Bruce McDonald: I dont have that in front of me. But well touch on that next quarter.
Stephen A. Roell: I think we did describe what the 2010 impact was.
R. Bruce McDonald: Next year its $0.20 to $0.25, the accretive year-over-year benefit. What we did say is Q1 restructuring is a net negative to us here. In the second quarter its a positive. Off the top of my head I think its $0.03. But I cant remember the cadence as we go into Q3 and Q4.
Stephen A. Roell: And the $0.20 to $0.25 was accretive over what we expect 2009 to the interest benefit.
Christopher Ceraso: Were there any favorable customer settlements or raw material recoveries in the Auto sector? The contribution hit there on the revenues was a bit better than I might have expected even though the loss was bigger.
Stephen A. Roell: No.
Christopher Ceraso: Any change or slowdown in your bidding activity? I know there was a little bit of a slowdown in your backlog, which was up 7 versus last quarter up 12. Whats going on a little further out in the pipeline?
Stephen A. Roell: Looking at the pipeline I guess there are two things we saw. Probably on the service side the activity stayed strong driven by solutions, as I mentioned. And the big vertical markets that are helping us are the federal government and higher education. When we look at the systems side there is mixed bag. I would tell you thats probably where were seeing some of the slowdown. Probably flatness in healthcare and higher ed in the systems side. But were seeing still good growth in a couple of areas you wouldnt expect. Actually in the U.S. commercial real estate market, that office market, were seeing our bidding activity up. Were seeing government up and were seeing airport construction activity up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Himanshu Patel  JPMorgan.
Himanshu Patel: Are you seeing any increased signs of in-sourcing from the European car makers? Im in particular thinking about the German OEMs, theyve been pretty adamant about not reducing headcount and obviously volumes are plummeting across Europe. Have you seen any signs of things that were previously outsourced that are now being brought back in-house?
Keith E. Wandell: We have not. At least in the parts and components that were supplying. Whether its in other areas I dont really know, but weve really not seen that.
Himanshu Patel: On Europe auto, my understanding at the start of the year was that you were reluctant to cut too deeply into permanent manufacturing headcount despite the volume weakness in 2009 because you knew you had a large backlog coming on stream in 2010. Where does your thinking on that stand now? Has your medium-term outlook for perhaps overall European industry volumes weakened sufficiently that you would consider deeper restructuring on the manufacturing side in Europe even though you do have an uptick in backlogs next year?
Keith E. Wandell: When we looked at the overall restructuring we did include quite a bit of restructuring in Europe as well as North America. I think where the disconnect might be here is where we had engineering support for the increased launch load that was coming up. But in terms of plant rationalizations and headcount reductions, Europe was the biggest hit. And weve really taken a lot of SG&A as well as direct folks out in Europe and are continuing to do so.
Stephen A. Roell: You may remember, when we talked about engineering, we actually had four programs that were being engineered in the U.S. We opted not to increase engineering in Europe at that time because number one, we couldnt hire them fast enough. Were doing it out of India, out of the U.S. Thats where we flex in terms of the European to meet that backlog you referred to.
Himanshu Patel: Lastly, just a ballpark of your Building Efficiency division, how much of that is the federal government?
Stephen A. Roell: I would have to go back and look at how much that is. I can tell you that the pipeline of opportunities before any stimulus here, we have about $300.0 million of work that were working on right now. In terms of pipeline opportunities alone. But from a sector standpoint, healthcare and education are our two largest segments. Federal would be bigger than probably office. But the combination of state, local, and federal would be our third largest segment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Johnson - Barclays Capital.
Brian Johnson: As we think about the restructuring, especially as to Europe, it looks like detriment margin was up over 20%. When we think about restructuring is it just going to keep detriment margins in that 20% range or could we actually see it being added to the bottom line, that is taking detrimental margins down to 10% or 12%?
R. Bruce McDonald: I think one of the issues that I touched on and maybe you didnt pick up on it is that in Europe, as things have turned down so quickly, where were struggling is completely flexing our direct labor. In North America we are able to lay people off very quickly. In Europe, in several counties, you have to continue to pay people, or give them notice. If you look in the first quarter the negative impact of that, i.e. not being able to take out fixed labor in line with production, was about $40.0 million. Thats not a long-term structural problem but its something we have to flex our labor down. We just cant do it as quickly. So thats why the degradation in our margins, or the negative contribution to margin in Auto Europe is worse than you probably would have liked to see.
Brian Johnson: And when do you think you hit the point where paid staffing is in line with the Europe production rate?
R. Bruce McDonald: Thats a hard question to answer because we have to respond to our customers and right now in Europe customers arent taking plants out, theyre taking a week out of their schedule or operating three days a week, or taking shifts out. And as long as our customers do that, we have to basically follow.
Brian Johnson: And do you have flexible-work-week agreements with your work force in Europe and if so about how much would that cover?
Keith E. Wandell: We really dont but weve been very successful in our employees cooperating with us in that respect.
Operator: Your last question comes from Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank.
Rod Lache: The Automotive business in Europe, down 41%. Obviously some currency impact there. But at the same time I believe there was some ramp up in the backlog this year so could you talk about why that seems to be declining more than the production decline? And also in that region, is the 30% decline that you mentioned earlier, is that for Q2 or is that your expectation for the upcoming fiscal year?
Keith E. Wandell: I think the 30% was in auto battery. That was for Q1.
Rod Lache: Did you not say on your comments on the deferred tax asset write-down that you were expecting a European decline of something like 30%?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, for the year.
Rod Lache: And what is your expectation for this upcoming quarter in production?
Keith E. Wandell: We dont have an update for that.
Stephen A. Roell: At Q1, that 4.2 was really the production for our fiscal Q1. I dont have Q2. We can get something for you.
R. Bruce McDonald: You were asking about the 41%. Maybe I could just provide a bit more color there. A couple of things in Europe. One, we saw particularly harsh volume reductions in the manufacturers that are export-geared. So you take someone like Volvo or BMW for example. Their production is down much more than the industry. Secondly, General Motors [inaudible] is a big customer for us. They did a little bit of inventory destocking so they were down probably more than the aggregate. And obviously tough foreign exchange in there.
Rod Lache: And to Keiths comments about the distressed suppliers, do you have an estimate for what that cost you last year and any way to put any parameters around that this year and would it be greater in Europe or greater in North America at this point.
Stephen A. Roell: First of all, I dont think its a big number for us. The biggest cost for us last year was really the capital associated with bringing BusTek in-house. Thats the way I would describe it to you. And I would say since then, as Keith described the insourcing, BusTeks been a great source for us in terms of being able to move production for injection molding into the plastic operations. We have been able to restructure that significantly. In terms of reducing the number of plants, the number of people. But we like what we have right now in terms of injection molding in the U.S. But I would not attribute at this stage any significant cost at all to what weve incurred in terms of supporting distressed suppliers. Its not a big number. I want to make a comment about Europe, and Im going to be a contrarian here, but if I think about European Automotive and the outlook, there are all kinds of forecast about why Europe will be weak for a longer period of time and they particularly point out the fact that they went into the recession later. But I have to look at it from a consumer standpoint and if I think about European consumers, they dont have credit card debt, they dont have the housing problem in Germany and France, the unemployment levels are not historically out of balance. In fact, they were improving and today are lower than what they were a year ago. So I have reason to believe that Europe could actually lead us out of this thing if we can get the consumers there about going forward. Quicker than the U.S. Thats just my sense. But they dont have the 401(k) issue that we have here. So Im optimistic that Europe could actually lead us out. Were not planning for that but I think we could come up with a scenario that says Europe could rebound for us.
Rod Lache: How are you sizing up the stimulus opportunity for Building Efficiency? Is there like a market share of that business and sort of a big picture number that you are targeting at this point?
Stephen A. Roell: We could sit here and talk about $15.0 billion of that stimulus which would be within our scope, but all were going to do right now is really organize ourselves, take advantage of it, as I mentioned making sure that were on the lists that are qualified to move quickly, to take advantage of it, and working on our relationships. Both at the federal as well as the state levels.
Glen Ponczak: Thanks everybody for your interest and participation. I will be available in my office for the balance of the day if you have additional questions.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-10-25 23:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. All participants will be on listen only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would also like to remind participants that the conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. Id now like to turn the call over to our speaker, .Mr. Glen Ponczak. Sir, you may begin.
Glen Ponczak: Thank you, Tanya. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We'll start today by reminding you that Johnson Controls has made forward-looking statements in this presentation pertaining to its financial results for fiscal 2009 and beyond that area based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates or forecasts. For those statements the Company cautions that numerous important factors, such as; automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, financial distress of key customers, energy prices; the strength of the US or other economies. Currency exchange rates, cancellation of or changes to commercial contracts. Liquidity; the ability to execute on restructuring actions according to anticipated timelines and cost; as well as other factors discussed in item 1A of part two of the Company's most recent Form 10-Q filing, which was filed August 8, 2008, could affect the Company's actual results and could cause actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by or on behalf of the company. I'm pleased to be joined this morning by Steve Roell, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Steve in a minute or so will have some opening remarks and an overview of the quarter, then Keith Wandell, our President and Chief Operating Officer, will give us details of the performances of each of the businesses in the quarter, and then Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will provide a financial review. That, of course, will be followed by questions and answers. And with that I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Roell: Okay. Well, thank you, Glen. Well, good morning. I know we've got a smaller number of participants this morning than normal. I assume that's due to the fact we were just in New York and spoke to many of you. If you'll allow me I'm going to go through just very quickly our fiscal 2008 results. As you know from our press release, and as we guided, our sales were up 10% to $38.1 billion, up from $34.6 billion in fiscal 2007. Our earnings per share from continuing operations were up 11%, $2.33 in '08 versus the $2.10 in 2007. I think again in 2008, we were very pleased with how we ended the year in terms of our market share gains. We highlighted the fact when we were in New York about our backlogs, particularly the Automotive Experience backlog, which is at $4.5 billion for the period of 2009-2011. That's again net new business that we will launch during that period of time due to the fact that our Building Efficiency group the backlog was up 12% to $4.7 billion. That's a record level for us entering fiscal 2009. Focusing just on the fourth quarter and again, I think that the results were very much consistent with not only what we shared with you at the third quarter call. But obviously what we shared with you in New York last week. Our sales at $9.3 billion were up 3%, our earnings per share at $0.73 were down 6%. That's consistent with how we guided and as you'll recall, back in the third quarter, we highlighted the fact that higher commodity costs, primarily a one time item in our Building Efficiency, and our Power Solutions group, as well as costs associated with the Plastech acquisition, a $0.03 impact, but those are the two factors that really drove our earnings below the prior year level. Before I go to the accomplishments I'd like to, just again, thank all of our employees that are listening and the leadership team for their efforts in this very difficult time. If we just then focus on 2008, again some of the accomplishments that we've highlighted, Building Efficiency, very proud of the fact we had double digit top line growth. We continue to expand our energy efficiency capabilities. We highlight in this slide just a few of the recent smaller transactions and acquisitions, but they're consistent with the type of work that we're looking at, both Gridlogix and PWI. Gridlogix was just announced I believe last week. Both of those have to do with providing additional energy and greenhouse gas management advisory services, or in the case of Gridlogix it's really software middleware that allows our customers to aggregate their energy and greenhouse gas data across systems and their enterprise wide IT systems. As I mentioned our record backlog at $4.7 billion 9-30 of '08 up 12%, and I'm very proud of the fact we launched a number of new products in fiscal 2008. As an example a 33 inch furnace, the highest efficiency rated furnace on the market. That came out late in fiscal 2008 and we had a number of different enhancements to our Medacis products, as well. In Power Solutions, we increased market share, I'll highlight the fact that we now have Ford's -- 100% of Ford's OE business, and that's in a multiyear contract. We continue to win a number of contracts with major wholesalers and retailers, as well, in the US, as well as in Europe. We do have some additional hybrid development contracts. We're not going to go into a lot of detail on that. But again, in fiscal 2008, we did receive an $8 million development contract from USABC, which is basically a consortium of OE's and the DOE. On the Automotive Experience side we launched over $750 million of new business in fiscal 2008. I've already mentioned the record backlog. Higher sales in Europe and Asia, we continue to penetrate and diversify from a geographic standpoint. We had a nice rebound in the North American margin in that period. And our significant segment income improvements taking place in Asia. We've talked about the environment, but I'll highlight that a little bit again, starting with the fact that on the positive side we see strong global demand for efficiency and sustainability. You'll hear from Keith in terms of our growth in our Power Solutions business. We still continue to see good institutional building construction taking place and demand in the retrofit markets. On the negative side, we're all well aware of the fact that we're seeing softness and declines in the North American Auto and a rapid deterioration in the European Auto production build, which we highlighted and discussed in detail in New York. Just to highlight the fact, our merging markets are slowing but are very -- still strong markets for us. We had roughly $6.5 billion in sales in the emerging markets. You have to recognize that there is unprecedented uncertainties. We continue to see fluctuating commodities and currencies, and that will continue to be something we'll have to update in our forward-looking forecast. From our standpoint, looking at the environment we're in, we ended the year with record backlogs in two of our businesses. We continue to diversify from a geographic standpoint. We have a number of businesses, which we believe are very low cyclical. Certainly our service business, whether it be our truck base or our facilities management in lumpy efficiency, as well as our battery after market business are very good stable businesses and anchors for us. As I've indicated, we continue to invest in the future, and that's really the key theme of how we're approaching this economic cycle. We are taking aggressive actions to improve our cost structure. And maybe more importantly, we continue to be well positioned relative to our capital and balance sheet where we're leveraged. We just met with the ratings agencies and we feel good about our credit ratings and we feel we have great access to capital. Just a few comments about how we manage through the cycle. In this environment, I think we are extremely well positioned, certainly in our markets, to improve our competitive position and enhance our market share. We will continue to focus on executing our growth strategies. We want to stay close to our customers and make sure that we can react to the changing markets and their needs. We'll never sacrifice our long-term to chase short term performance. I've indicated in the past that we've got a good financial strength and we'll continue to invest in the future. What our shareholders should expect from us is that we execute in our growth strategies that we stay focused on the long term and we manage the short term in that context. And then the last point, if you recall Keith's presentation in New York, and we'll talk more about it today. But in this environment being able to improve our cost structure, both from the standpoint of our restructuring activities, as well as our focus on improvement, is just critical to how we'll adopt and respond to the ongoing uncertainty we see in our marketplace. So, with that I'm going to turn it over to Keith and he'll walk through each of the three businesses. Keith?
Keith Wandell: Thank you, Steve, and good morning to everyone on the call today. I thought I'd give you a little more context around each of the three businesses. We'll start with Building Efficiency, net sales in our Building Efficiency business were up 8%, from $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion quarter-to-quarter, and we saw a double-digit increases in Asia and the Middle East for both our systems and services. We had higher global chiller unit volumes, particularly strong increases in Latin America, the Middle East and Asia. We had strong solutions growth, which was really driven by our energy efficiency driven solutions offerings, which we continue to see strengthen and I'll comment on that again in a few minutes. And our global workplace solutions business was up 21%, based on both new contract wins, as well as expansion with some of our current customers. Segment income quarter-to-quarter was flat at $316 million. We had higher European and international margins, really driven by our operational improvements. But we did have lower global workplace solutions profitabilities really due to the new contract launch costs that we incurred, as well as a non-recurring benefit in Q4 of last year. And we also had lower systems margins that were really driven by just a temporary lag in recovering the commodity costs, I think we feel like we've caught up with that now -- as well as some investments that we made in both our systems sales force and some of our growth initiatives. Our commercial backlog is up 12%, as Steve mentioned to $4.7 billion, where we've seen double digit increases in North America, driven mostly in the Federal Government sector, as well as higher education, and in Europe and the rest of the world, as well. And our orders also were up double digits, North America 23% and as I mentioned earlier, the solutions part of our business in North America is up 41%. And again, that's really driven by the high demand for our energy efficiency solutions. Europe is up 10% in orders. Moving to our Power Solutions business, net sales were up 7% quarter-to-quarter from $1.25 billion to $1.34 billion. And really we had some slightly lower unit shipments driven mainly by the lower OE production volumes. We had basically steady after market demand and that was really offset by higher unit selling prices. Our segment income was off 12% from $161 million to $142 million. And again, that was particularly due to the lead volatility that we saw in the Q4 quarter, as well as a temporary lag in recovering the non-lead commodity increases of resin, sulfuric acid and diesel fuel. As you can imagine, transportation costs in the battery business are a very significant cost component of our business. And so, again I think we've caught up with those cost increases and it shows in the higher unit selling prices going forward. Again, I would just remind you that our basically globally our 2008 sales breakdown was roughly 25%, original equipment and 75% after market. And as Steve mentioned, we did win new business in Q4, both in the wholesale part of the market in North America, as well as a piece of a major retailers business. In the Automotive Experience side of the business, our net sales were off 2%. They went from $4.2 billion in Q4, 2007 to $4.1 billion. And in North America, our revenues were down 12% while the industry was down 17%. And the way that we made up some of that revenue was really by the incremental revenue from the Plastech acquisition in Q4. Europe was up 4%, but excluding foreign exchange was down 6%. And our revenues in China on a non-consolidated basis continue to grow in Q4 and they are up 26% for the full year in 2008. Segment income was off 20% from $183 million to $147 million, and really we incurred a slight loss in North America due to all the -- well, first of all, the expense that we took for the Plastech integration, as well as the volume drops. We took a small loss of $3 million and that was down from $73 million positive 2007. and we were able to close that gap by improved European margin improvement, driven mostly by our cost improvement initiatives, as well as significantly higher profitability in China. We do see improved operational performance of our joint ventures. You might remember last year we were continuing to invest heavily in our joint ventures in China and that's paying dividends. As a matter of fact, our segment income margin improved from 1.3% in Q4 '07 to 5.8% in Q4 '08 in China. So we feel really good about that, as well. And so those are my comments on the three businesses and with that I'd like to turn it over to Bruce McDonald.
Bruce McDonald: Thanks, Keith. So just looking at our numbers for the fourth quarter you'll see that sales were up to a record $9.3 billion, which is a 3% increase from the prior year. However, if we back up the favorable impact of foreign exchange our overall revenues were down about 1%. In terms of Building Efficiency, we grew our sales in the fourth quarter 8%, really reflecting our exposure to some high growth international markets the growth in global workplace solutions business. As Keith indicated, our sales in the Power Solutions were up 7%, and for the first time -- in quite some time lead was actually a year-over-year negative factor for us. And depressed our growth right rate by about 200 basis points. In Automotive we were down 2% if you take out foreign exchange, an aggregate our sales were down 7%, reflecting the lower levels of production. You see our gross profit at 15.3% was down from 15.8% in the prior year. This was primarily due to short term unrecovered material economics in both Power Solutions and Building Efficiencies, which we don't expect to continue into Q1, and also the depressive impact of the Plastech acquisition. Were -- If we exclude those two items our underlying margins were up both 20 basis points. The SG&A at $850 million was up 8% versus the prior year. That increase is all attributable to foreign exchange and the addition of Plastech joint ventures into our numbers here. Equity income at $31 million up nearly 50% from the prior year. This really reflects the benefit of our automotive investments in Asia, and also improved business performance in most of our overseas joint ventures investments in the Power Solutions segment. And as we talked about last quarter, we expect to continue to show favorable year-over-year comparisons in equity income as we enter into 2009. On slide 11, let me comment here on our numbers, excluding the restructuring -- the $495 million restructuring charge that we've talked about a few times before, which as you can see, impacted both our minority interest line and our income tax line. Net financing charges of $54 million you can see are $14 million dollars lower than the prior year. We benefited in the quarter from lower debt levels, lower interest rates and the favorable impact, settlement of some of our spots. With the widening of credit spreads that we've seen recently, we don't anticipate that our Q4 year-over-year improvements are going to be this large as we go into 2009. And as we talked about in New York, on a full year basis we're forecasting that net financing costs are going to be about $10 million lower on a year-over-year basis, but you won't see this level of improvement as we go into 2009. For the quarter our underlying tax rate was 21%, which is consistent with both our guidance and year ago levels. And just to comment on our restructuring charge we actually recorded the tax benefit of only 13% on our charge, as some of the -- as a good proportion of the charges are going to be incurred in jurisdictions where we have unbenefited tax loss carry forwards. Excluding the impact of restructuring you'll see that minority interest loses increased by about $3 million and this is attributable to our North American automotive joint venture and the minority share losses in our Plastech joint venture, most notably. From bottom line perspective $0.73 earnings per share, down versus the $0.78 last year, we did note that there's $0.09 of unrecovered commodity economics and the $0.03 negative impact of Plastech, so an aggregate it was the $0.09 that impacted us negatively in the fourth quarter here. Just talking a little bit about 2009 outlook, our earnings guidance of $1.95 is unchanged from the -- from our call for our meeting in New York last week. But we are introducing here our Q1 guidance, and I talked a week ago about Q1 being down significantly more than the full year impact. So we're forecasting earnings per share of $0.22 to $0.24 in the fourth quarter -- in the first quarter, I'm sorry. We're anticipating strong year-over-year improvements in Building Efficiency, primarily driven by top line performance, as we execute our backlog. Despite some of the signs that we're seeing of the softness in the commercial construction leading indicators, we continue to see good growth in our key international markets, our facilities management business and our energy solutions business most notably. Power Solutions, we anticipate Power Solutions getting off to a good start here in 2009, though I would caution you that we're seeing some unprecedented volatility in lead pricing and that's going to be a challenge for us to manage through here the first quarter. We don't anticipate that being a long-term issue, but the volatility here, that could present some challenges for us in Q1. Overall, we expect to record a loss in our Auto business in Q1, as production levels are going to be significantly lower than the already depressed 2007 levels. In terms of our guidance, we're anticipating North American production down 18% versus prior year, and Europe being down somewhere in the 13% to 14% range. Our businesses are, I would say are aggressively implementing our restructuring initiatives. But for the first quarter this actually results in a net cost to us. We expect that our restructuring's going to be neutral to our Q2 numbers and it's going to provide an accelerating benefit beginning in Q3. And as I talked about in New York, we expect the net benefit of our restructuring program to provide an earnings benefit of somewhere between $0.20 to $0.25 cents per share in 2010. So we start to start to see that benefit as we walk through a successful quarter here. Then lastly, I'll just turn it over to talk about our balance sheet and cash flow position for the year. We generated $1.9 billion cash flow operations, which was up marginally from the level 2007. Our net debt-to-total capitalization was about 27.5% and for the year we were more or less working capital neutral if you exclude the impact of the restructuring charge, despite the fact that our sales grew 10%. If you look at our sort of trade working capital, which is -- we define as payables, receivables and inventory, with these declines are 7.7% of sales versus 8.2% in 2007, and not really reflecting our strong focus on the operational part of our working capital. In terms of capital expenditures, we spent on a net basis about $755 million. This was consistent with our guidance and comparable to 2007. And then as we previously announced we formed our majority joint venture Plastech in the fourth quarter. This resulted in a net cash outflow in Q4, see that on the acquisitions line of about $169 million. So as we exit 2008, our balance sheet in strong position. Overall our liquidity is in -- we have access to capital. And it is our expectation that in this difficult economic environment there's going to be opportunities that are presented to us, we're pleased to have the financial flexibility to take advantage of. With that I'll turn it back over to Glen for --
Glen Ponczak: Okay, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question, Ryan Brinkman of JPMorgan, your line is open.
Himanshu Patel: Hi, it's Himanshu Patel of JPMorgan.
Steve Roell: Hi, Himanshu. We can hear you, we're getting a little bit of an echo, but go ahead.
Himanshu Patel: Two questions. First, on the services business, what percentage of that would you say is discretionary?
Steve Roell: How much of it's discretionary? I don't know how to answer that question. I guess -- there's two -- maybe me try to -- let me breakout the service, okay? If you were to think about issues like retro -- the retrofit side, do you want to go all the way to that definition of service or a finer definition, Himanshu?
Himanshu Patel: The retrofit side broadly speaking.
Steve Roell: Okay. The retrofit is a -- it would certainly be discretionary. That's really where we do a lot of our work, that and what we call performance contracting would be work that we do directly with owners. We also have what's called prime. Those would be the categories that I guess I would describe to you, are truly discretionary. The service side is -- there's two elements there or three elements, really. There's truck based, which is some of that is under contract. Some of that which is basically we charge a labor material on a call basis, as you can imagine. And then we have what's called facilities management. I'm not sure -- I guess the part that you might consider to be discretionary is probably the strongest part of our backlog right now in our pipeline, and that's the acuity we're seeing in prime retrofit with our building owners, as well as performance contracting. Keith talked about the fact that we're seeing good demand in our backlog. We're seeing it in what we call our pipeline, as well.
Himanshu Patel: The prime retrofit, that would show up in the systems division, right? That's not part of service, right?
Steve Roell: No, no, prime is our definition of where we have retrofit activity, which is direct with the owner retrofit, its not new construction.
Himanshu Patel: Got it, okay.
Steve Roell: That's probably our strongest element right now.
Himanshu Patel: Okay. And then secondly, I know you mentioned revenues in North American systems were down, I mean were up 4%, I think. Did you guys talk about -- you mentioned profits were down, any -- and could you give us some rough numbers on in sort of how much they were down?
Steve Roell: we'll go to the sub-segment.
Bruce McDonald: Yes. Well, for the -- if we just look at North American -- you said systems or service? I'm sorry.
Himanshu Patel: Systems.
Bruce McDonald: Systems. So, we were -- on a year-over-year basis we were down about $17 million. So we went from $80 million in the prior year to $64 million. And the sort of factors that negatively impacted our performance were -- that's where our commodity exposure flows through, and we had some warranty charges in our equipment business. Those to be the two prime factors for the decline.
Himanshu Patel: Okay. And then the commodities side, would that largely take care of itself with the future price increases in the following quarter, or does that take a couple more quarters to work itself through?
Bruce McDonald: It's largely behind us. It's a little bit of a headwind for us in Q1. But the price increase that we've already implemented, we're just waiting for those to work their way through to backlog.
Steve Roell: Yes, I guess going back and if you think about it, Himanshu, most of those price increases were introduced back in May. So what we're talking about our contracts that we aware prior to that period of time which we're executing now. Okay.
Himanshu Patel: And then last question for Bruce. The tax rate, it's been pretty nice in terms of being low for a while now. But with European economies weakening, European car sales going down, we'll see, I guess, what happens on Building Efficiency in Europe. I mean does the effective tax rate potentially going to start moving higher now?
Bruce McDonald: Well, I think at the level, we're at right now we're petty comfortable that 21% is still a good number for '09.
Himanshu Patel: But, why wouldn't that start going higher if your lower tax jurisdiction earnings start moving downward. Is that just because North -- US earnings are going down, as well, at the same time --
Bruce McDonald: Exactly.
Himanshu Patel: And it's a mix the same.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, that's exactly the point.
Steve Roell: No, I wish I could grow from the other parts of our business in around the rest of the world.
Bruce McDonald: So China, for instance, Middle East, those are low cost jurisdictions, so when you look at the overall net balance, you're right, Auto North -- Auto Europe is declining, but international Building Efficiency and Power Solutions are more than offsetting that. So our mix is comparable.
Himanshu Patel: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Rod Lache of Deutsche Bank, your line is open.
Rod Lache: Good morning, everyone.
Steve Roell: Hi, Rod.
Rod Lache: On the question of -- that Himanshu asked about the discretionary, I think we're hoping for some kind of quantification. Can you give us just a sense of the percentage of that service business as prime retrofit or can you somehow just parse out for us the things that are very more or less stable like GWS and non-discretionary repair?
Steve Roell: The certainly GWS, those are multiyear contracts for scope of services, Rod --
Rod Lache: Yes.
Steve Roell: -- and also, when you look at even the truck based services?
Rod Lache: Yes.
Steve Roell: The things that are contracted, the service agreements and such, I mean those are all things that continue along. The analogy would be when you get your oil changed in your car and then come back and say, well, you should change your filter and you say, well, we'll do that a little later. I mean that's the sort of thing we're talking about when we're talking about discretionary. You still have to do the core service in order to make sure that the equipment is running well, if using the least amount of energy, that it's dependable, all those sorts of things. So the core parts of that service business are still stable and that's just really sort of those add ons that become deferred maintenance that they'll have to do at some later point.
Rod Lache: Well, how big was GWS last year, roughly?
Steve Roell: GWS last year was $3.2 billion.
Rod Lache: Okay. And you're saying the majority of the rest of service was non-discretionary. There might be, what a single digit percentage of that that would be some kind of prime retrofit?
Steve Roell: We're going into an awful lot of detail here. okay? I guess I would just tell you, if you think about the prime retrofit and the owners most of that work -- and I don't know why we're using the word discretionary and non-discretionary. I think what you're saying is how much of it is secure. Let me try to address that piece. Most of the work that we're doing with an owner is either -- is already an expansion of existing facility, okay, that's what that represents, and it's -- a lot of the performance contracting piece, which is the larger piece, is tied to an energy savings opportunity, okay? And so saying it differently -- let me try different. We have not seen, I can't think of any cancellations in our backlog.
Rod Lache: Right.
Steve Roell: I mean, that's probably a better way to phrase that. The only softness that we saw that Keith is referring to is probably $3 million worth of business, or something in that neighborhood, that moved away in our scheduled work at retailers. It was very specific, okay, in that sector and no other sector.
Keith Wandell: Into weather.
Steve Roell: So, Rod, and the weather was the other side of it, which that is just a function of you either get a lot of calls on labor and material. And we saw probably the lowest level of labor and material we've ever seen. But going back to your concern over discretionary and nondiscretionary, I would just tell you, that when we've seen economic slowdowns in '90, '91 or in the '80s, we didn't see a pull back in those areas at all.
Rod Lache: Understood.
Steve Roell: Okay.
Rod Lache: Can you tell us what the organic growth exchange would have been in Building Efficiency this quarter?
Bruce McDonald: It was --
Keith Wandell: 5%. Is that right?
Steve Roell: Yes, 5%.
Rod Lache: Okay. And just another -- just a question about your ability to sort of flex to whatever economic environment you see in Automotive or Building Efficiency. Could you just give us any color on your ability to kind of move the SG&A up or down for various planning scenarios to the downside?
Steve Roell: Let me try one. On Automotive, and Keith, you can chime in here, too, I guess I would say that our SG&A that's tied to new program launches for our customers, clearly we'll make that happen, okay. Beyond that we're already taking through our restructuring we've already got -- we already have a fairly significant reduction taking place in our SG&A. Both in Europe and North America that's what we really announced.
Rod Lache: Right.
Steve Roell: In terms of further flex there may be some but not a great deal.
Rod Lache: Okay. And then on the --
Steve Roell: On the Building side, though, that I wanted to mention to you, that is a labor intensive business, there is a tremendous amount of flex there. So if volume were to decline there our ability to move on the SG&A is fairly quick.
Rod Lache: Just one last one and I'll get off. But it seems like you're positioning yourselves for opportunities, you reiterated that again on the call the balance sheet is strong. It would seem like most of the distress and these kinds of major opportunities would probably occur in the automotive side of the business. Would you agree with that and is that something that you're looking at potentially participating in? Would you expect more consolidation on that side of the business?
Keith Wandell: Well, I wouldnt necessarily conclude it's mostly going to be on the auto side, Rod. I think if you look at -- if you think about some of the strategies we've talked about like growing our service business and doing tuck under acquisitions or adding sort of additional products to our mid market offering within Building Efficiency I think both of those sectors I would expect that if credit continues to tighten here, well present some opportunities for us as people struggle to get financing. So I also think you're going to see just the distress of our -- the financial distress of our -- some of our competition in Power Solutions presents some opportunities and as lead weakens and some of the profits I think those competitors earn on their smelting operations falls away. And clearly we're going to see opportunities in Automotive that's probably which one's going to happen first though.
Steve Roell: I guess, I'd even tell you in the Building Efficiency side there are a number of large competitors who are pulling back with some of the systems work right now. And so I think that there's going to be opportunity for us there and that's why we're adding sales force. Going back to the discussion about discretionary and investments, when we talk about investing in the future we're growing our sales forces. We're adding a significant number of players to our solutions business that Keith talked about because of the opportunity around the energy story, okay? So when you see our SG&A, part of that story, and certainly in the BE side is trying to take advantage of the market opportunities that we see from the mega trend. But also the fact that we do see some of the competition by pulling back.
Rod Lache: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Brian Johnson of Barclays Capital, your line is open.
Brian Johnson: Good morning. Moving over to the Automotive, reflecting that it seems to be somewhat back-end loaded, and with respect and I certainly understand part of that is the restructuring impact is back-end loaded, as well. Nevertheless, did you see -- have you materially shifted down your expectation of global production for your fiscal 1Q, everyone else's calendar 4Q, especially in Europe?
Bruce McDonald: No, I mean, the numbers that we're talking about here in Q1 are consistent with our assumption that we're going to see 10% decline in Western Europe and 12% in North America.
Brian Johnson: So you haven't moved that front loaded?
Bruce McDonald: No, I -- we just anticipate Q1 can be down more than the full-year average at this point in time.
Brian Johnson: Okay. Does the AC Delco sale by GM affected in anyway your battery business that you picked up from Delphi?
Keith Wandell: No, this is Keith. That was -- the Delphi business we picked up they retained the AC Delco brand and so nothing really changes there, and I'm not even certain that -- for us that that's even a blip on our radar screen.
Brian Johnson: And in terms of lithium ion batteries, any kind of -- what are your expectations vis-a-vis when we can see the lithium ion battery? I know you talked a bit about this in New York, but any update on when the first production ones going to be on the street.
Keith Wandell: I think the latest we heard is probably summerish next year, in 2009.
Brian Johnson: And is that battery fully passed all of its internal hurdles, technical milestones?
Keith Wandell: We're ramping up for production, Brian, so yes.
Brian Johnson: Okay, thanks.
Steve Roell: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Chris Ceraso of Credit Suisse, your line is open.
Chris Ceraso: Thanks, good morning.
Steve Roell: Hi, Chris.
Chris Ceraso: Can we talk for a second about the sensitivity to volume levels in the Automotive business in the US versus Europe. Specifically the contribution margin on a lost dollar of sales, if it's typically I dont know if 20% that we're used to seeing maybe less than that in the US, is it different, is it better, is it worse in Europe?
Steve Roell: It's a hard question to answer on a phone call here, but I guess what I would tell you as we -- our ability to flex down in Europe is limited because of our backlog position. I mean, I guess if you were taking a very short term view you would say having a -- it's a bad thing having incremental growth. Because we just can't take out a lot of our launch teams and some of our engineering resources. So the downside hit that we're going to take with volumes dropping away here in 2009 is going to be higher than you would probably expect and I think I'll just leave it at that.
Chris Ceraso: So, then as it relates to the guidance for Q1, you're talking about a loss in Automotive, are you going to lose money in Europe, too, or just North America?
Steve Roell: No, we're not going to lose money in Europe, but the profitability of decline is large.
Chris Ceraso: Okay.
Steve Roell: In Europe.
Chris Ceraso: And then lastly, I don't think we spent too much time on this in New York and the details were limited when you first announced it. But can we dig in a little more on the restructuring, what specific actions in which regions and which businesses, any specific plants that you can highlight?
Steve Roell: Well, some of them we've announced, but some plants still aren't announced, and until we've made all the employee communications then it just wouldn't be appropriate.
Keith Wandell: Chris, we did go through some detail on that when we did make the announcement, so the slide deck is on the website and I'd be happy to -- that's why I'm here. I'm happy to talk you through that afterwards, if you'd like. But we do have some granularity there. Not to the level of plant numbers and things like that but the overall theme.
Chris Ceraso: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Brett Hoselton of KeyBanc, your line is now open.
Brett Hoselton: Good morning.
Steve Roell: Hi, Brett.
Brett Hoselton: Let see, starting with the restructuring, Bruce, can you give me an estimate of what the non-qualified costs -- not including your restructuring charge, what they might be for 2009 and are there any non-qualifying costs in 2010?
Bruce McDonald: Very little in 2010, we talked about at the time we made our announcement that we thought the non-qualifying costs in '09 would be in the $40 million to $50 million range and that's increased. So it's probably more like $60 million to $70 million would be our best guess at this point in time.
Brett Hoselton: Okay.
Bruce McDonald: So, $60 to $70 in '09 then and very little in '10.
Brett Hoselton: Okay. And then on the commodities front and I apologize if you made this comment during the Analyst Meeting. But you talked about $50 million to $75 million of incremental commodities costs in 2009 said that you're about 80% complete with your discussions and so forth. But you also suggested that that number could come down. The question is simply, do you have any guess of what the potential decline in that number might -- could it be cut in half or is it more like $1 million or $2 million or $3 million or $5 million?
Bruce McDonald: We, all I would tell you is the way you should think about it is if the industry, the economy softens more than our assumptions then I would say we have a -- and then commodities should weaken more than we anticipated. And so it would partially offset the lower revenue.
Brett Hoselton: Okay. And then finally, just so I understand the lead volatility in the first quarter, it sounds like it, I mean, I guess it's an aftermarket pricing issue, and possibly a delay in the price increasing if lead goes up?
Bruce McDonald: Yes, it's that plus it's also a fact that we're really seeing some huge cuts in OE and OES demand. So, when you think about in the aftermarket side we're much better protected because we're getting the used battery back. In OE and OES side, we have fixed, we have a hedge position that we enter in on a rolling 12 month basis and the amount that we hedge increases the shorter we get to production. And what we've seen is OE and OES volumes drop quite significantly here in the first quarter. And so we're in a position where we've got hour to the money hedges greater than our production requirements on the OE side. So it's more on that side than the aftermarket side.
Brett Hoselton: Okay. Thank you very much, Bruce, gentleman.
Operator: Our next question Ryan Brinkman of JP Morgan, your line is open.
Himanshu Patel: Hi, it's Himanshu Patel.
Steve Roell: Hi, Himanshu.
Himanshu Patel: Can you hear me?
Steve Roell: Sure, we can hear you, Himanshu.
Himanshu Patel: Hi, I'm sorry, I just have two follow ups. Bruce, your comment on European Autos was interesting. So is it sound like the issue is that you just don't want to take out that much capacity in terms of bricks and mortar in 2009 in Europe simply because you've a steep revenue increase coming in '10?
Bruce McDonald: No, it's more of the engineering and our launch people not so much bricks and mortar.
Steve Roell: No. I think, Himanshu, when you see the restructuring detail you'll see a lot of brick and mortar coming out of Europe.
Himanshu Patel: Okay, so it's personnel. And then I guess sort of separate question for any one of you guys. When you look at Building Efficiency or European Autos or sort of North American Autos and you look at your forecast for full year '09. Can you give us a sense in which one of those areas represents sort of the most amount of uncertainties for you right now from a forecasting perspective?
Steve Roell: Yes, let -- Himanshu, this is Steve, I'll take a shot at that. I think the way to think about that in my mind is if I look at Building Efficiency I feel pretty good about that forecast for the context of the service component, the recurring revenues, the underlying energy demand that that creates and just the fact that I've got real good visibility of our backlog and pipeline. On the Auto side, the part we don't know, I think that's the part that everybody's trying to guess -- is just what's the resiliency of the consumer here, okay, and I don't care whether it's in North America or Europe. I think the wildcard we don't know is how the consumer's being impacted by not so much liquidity. But just from the standpoint of their wealth and job security and a number of other things. So I think that it's duration in depth of a North American recession and a consumer confidence that's causing us to try to sit here and guess what that could mean. So, that's the one I think -- probably on everybody's mind, where's the consumer going to be here for the next year.
Himanshu Patel: Okay, great, thank you very much.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Glen Ponczak  - Johnson Controls - Director of IR Good Tanya, thank you. Thanks everybody for your participation. This is Glen, I'll be around all day, of course, if you have any follow ups, and Steve has got some concluding comments.
Steve Roell: Yes, sure, if I could. Just to put a couple, first, again, thanks for your questions and participating today. As we look at 2009 and beyond a couple comments. You can tell we're confident that we're well positioned to succeed in the long term, I think in context of our backlog, our market positions and leadership, our innovation and our focus on costs we feel very good about our long term outlook here. I think my earlier comments the one I'd like to leave you with, which is the fact that from a shareholders standpoint we'll run this business for the -- consistent with our growth strategies. We'll run it to create long term value, and that's what really you should expect from us. So we'll run near term costs, we'll get our costs out where we can and we'll make investments where we feel are appropriate to really drive toward sustained market growth, enhance our competitive position and we'll be really well positioned when this economy turns around to generate some great profitability. So, we feel good about our profitability outlook for 2009. We think it'll be solid despite the difficult environment, and we appreciate the fact that there's so much interest in understanding what our story is. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-07-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: I would like to remind all parties, all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode until we open up for questions and answers. Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Denise Zutz, ma'am you may begin.
Denise Zutz: Okay. Thank you operator and welcome everyone. Thank you very much for joining us this morning. I am here with Steve Roell, Chairman and CEO of Johnson Controls, as well as Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and CFO. We do have probably about 30 minutes worth of opening commentary this morning, and then we will be happy to take your questions. Before we begin, I would like to indicate that Johnson Controls during this call, making forward-looking statements pertaining to its financial results for fiscal 2008 and beyond that are based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact or statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimate or forecast or those statements that come in cautions that numerous important factors such as: Automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules; financial strength of key customers; energy prices; the ability to mitigate the impact of higher raw material costs; strength of the U.S. or other economies; currency exchange rates; cancellation of commercial contracts; changes to domestic and foreign tax rates, as well as other factors discussed in the Company's most-recent Form 10-K filing from November of 2007, could affect the Company's actual results and could cause this actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company. Now I would like to introduce Steve Roell.
Steve Roell: Well thank you, Denise and good morning everyone. I am going to do a brief recap of the third quarter results and then come back and we will talk little bit more about the outlook. First of all in terms of the third quarter, we are very pleased with the fact that we were able to achieve record sales and earnings. Our sales of $9.9 billion were up 11% over the prior year. We continue to benefit from the diversification of our businesses all three of our businesses had higher revenue. We benefited clearly from our presence in the international markets with Europe and emerging markets performing well for us. In North America, as weve talked about in our press release weve highlight the fact that the North American automotive and residential markets are down. Our sales were down in those respective markets, 15% and 17%. I do not think that surprised anyone, but I think given that performance and the conditions in those two markets I think we are very, very pleased with our results. Our segment income was up 13% to $645 million. Our profit margins therefore were up slightly. Again, the key there is that all three of our businesses reported double-digit earnings growth in the quarter, so good contribution from all three businesses. Our net income was up 11% to a record $439 million, $0.73 a share versus $0.66 a share a year ago. As Bruce will go through, we ended the quarter with the strong balance sheet. Our debt to cap has reduced 29%. So from the standpoint of leverage, we find ourselves in a great position in terms of being able to use our balance sheet for future investment. I want to take this time just to thank all of our employees and the leadership teams for the results and contributions in this past quarter. I like to talk about the third quarter environment a little bit more. The one thing that stood out is the fact that we continue to see strong demand for our Energy Efficiency and sustainability. We talked about the fact that in our Building Efficiency group, that our backlog was up 15%, our order rate stayed strong. If we would show you a subset of some of that, we always talk about our performance contracting, our solutions business, we see that activity up 40% year-over-year. On our non-residential building market side, good growth, the thing we would highlight is that if you look at the earnings side of that, we highlighted in our press release that earnings if you would extract just the non-residential piece of our business, which is 90% of our business, earnings were up 21% in the quarter. In terms of new orders, we continue to see good demand on new construction and existing building, a retrofit activity. Domestically, we continue to see the healthcare and the government markets to be very strong. So we are very pleased with what we see not only in terms of the third quarter, but the fact that weve a backlog and strong order demand in our cooling activity going into the fourth quarter. Emerging markets across all three of our business continued to be major contributors to our results, and we are referring to Asia, in the China market. Bruce will talk more about that in terms of the results in the quarter in India. We continue to see good demand for Eastern Europe, and the Middle East is still critical market for us in terms of our Building Efficiency group. As I mentioned earlier, Western Europe in the quarter relatively stable in terms of all three businesses. Certainly from Power Solutions standpoint, we did see some good momentum there in terms of shipments in our battery business and the Building Efficiency in automotive businesses held up well in this quarter. Just a general comment about the North American economy, weve already talked about the fact that the automotive and residential markets continue to decline. On the institutional side we still could see good demand from a vertical market standpoint. Some of the business from an industry perspective, there are still good expectations relative to healthcare market, education and basically, what we call the institutional sector. Commodity cost escalation was really historic for the third quarter. We will talk to you more about that in detail in terms of how it impacts our three businesses. As we then to the fourth quarter or the full year outlook, we did revise our earnings projection for the quarter down to this range of $0.72 to $0.74 from $0.78 in 2007 in our prior guidance, which was higher than that. I would like to go through with this and just make sure that I articulate why we took down the expectations for what we had three months ago. First of all in the beginning of July we identified the fact that, while we completed the transaction with Plastech, and we identified the fact that we would be incurring restructuring costs that would impact our fourth quarter. So that is really not new news and that was worth $0.03. In terms of the North American automotive production levels, we now estimate the production in the quarter for the industry will be somewhere in the area about the 3.071 million units and just to give an idea that is down from last year 3.526 million units, that is where it should be a million. So that reduction is pretty dramatic. If you think about that in the context of historical norms this will be the lowest cost September end quarter since 1993. It did take us by a surprise in the context of the severity of the reductions in the builds. Weve highlighted a couple here but the Toyota shut down for the August - November period clearly impact this, is an example of some of the cutbacks in the SUV markets. So, that we think is worth approximately $0.03 from what our prior guidance was. In terms of commodity cost, there we are referring primarily to cost that we identified, came to us in the May timeframe and I am referring primarily to Building Efficiency and Power Solutions. Both of those are, we believe are commodities, which will recovered in pricing in the near-term and I want to give a slight example of that. In Building Efficiency, where weve the steel increase, we already have priced into our contracts, large equipment in the, lets say with a lead time, that probably extends into the fourth quarter. So we had to reflect the fact that, we are unable to recover that. The industry practices are, you do not go back and reprice that. That is roughly $0.06, now we did put price increases in effect in early May. So, we are confident that its contained to that period. So, if you look at the three items I just described, Plastech, the North American automotive bill, which I think is unusually low, and also the commodities in the Building Efficiency side. All of those are really contained to the fourth quarter. They are not things that weve to extrapolate into fiscal '09. With a yield then in terms of our '08 outlook, a sales growth of 11% to $38.3 billion, we had to revise that lower, given the North American production level decline and also a decline in lead price. This will still be our 62nd consecutive record year of sales growth. Our earnings growth will be 10% to 11% with the range of $2.32 to $2.34. That will represent our 18 consecutive record year, the second record year of earnings growth and doubled earnings growth for the sixth consecutive year. To do a little bit longer-term, as most of you know we provide our guidance for the upcoming fiscal year, in this case 2009 at our meeting in October in New York, that is currently scheduled for October 14. At that point and time we will provide the detail and the outlook weve by business and in a lot of detail. However, just to put some of the things in context. As we look at '09 and beyond, we feel we are very well positioned to win on some of the major mega-trends that we see in the world relative to Energy Efficiency, sustainability, hybrid vehicles, and the emerging markets. We feel we will end the period with a very strong backlog both in our Building Efficiency and Automotive businesses. Weve businesses though, weve described to you that we take a very annuity-like in the context of battery and are certainly our retrofit and service business in Building Efficiency. As I mentioned earlier, we will end the period with a very strong balance sheet with good cash flows. We are investing, I will talk little bit more about in the upcoming slides. However, we are investing to continue our growth both organic and in acquisitions. We feel that weve tremendous opportunity to continue to improve our cost structure and we will discuss that little bit later. So having said all that, I think we are very well positioned to outperform our markets and grow profitably in the future, and we certainly feel that in fiscal '09 that we will enjoy good earnings growth. With that, I am going to turn to Denise, and she will walk through the businesses, each of the three businesses.
Denise Zutz: Okay, thank you, Steve. I am going to begin with Building Efficiency. Sales in the quarter increased 13% or $3.7 billion. We had very good growth in all global regions, North America, and Asia especially, Europe was somewhat inflated by the FX translation, but double-digit increases in sales for our systems and services business for the non-residential market. Our Global Workplace Solutions business was up 19% in sales, this is the business where we actually run facilities for a lot of global corporations around the world, facility management services, as well as consulting, and so very strong growth there. As Steve indicated, we did have weakness however though in terms of our North American HVAC shipments to the residential markets those sales were down 17% in the quarter. Segment income increased 10% to $301 million. As we indicated in the press release we had a good margin growth on our systems and services business, North America, especially due to our process manufacturing improvement. We did however have a decline, significant decline in our unitary products or again that residential HVAC business. The decline in sales, we had $25 million negative swing in income from that business. As Steve indicated, also hurting the increase in earnings a little bit, in the quarter it was lag in recovering commodity costs across our market. Again, just want to go back and remind folks that if we took our unitary product business out, segment income actually would have been up 21% excluding net-residential business. As we indicated in the press release, our margins on our systems and services business actually exceeded 10% in the quarter to 10.6%, versus just under 10% in the quarter a year ago. Steve commented on the backlog and the orders. However, just to recap a bit, that our backlog for our non-residential business which excludes WorkPlace Solutions was up 15% at June 30th, and that reflects again double-digit growth in that backlog all over the world. Primarily viewing that growth were strong double-digit orders, North America orders were up as Steve indicated double-digit up 11% and that reflected a lot of strength in the institutional construction market and also retrofit markets, federal government buildings, particularly strong. Again, a lot of this being fueled by gas price. Concerned over energy costs, our energy saving, Energy Efficiency where truly, we are a leader in this marketplace. It is really paying off for us in this environment. Rest of the world at 29%, a lot of that due to very strong demand in the Mid-East market. Going to move now with the Power Solutions business, where sales were up 36% to $1.4 billion. The increase in lead prices, and that pass-through to our customers was the major reason for that increase. Our unit shipments were up about 2% in the quarter, and that reflected some pretty good growth actually in the North American after-market volumes, which more than offset our double-digit decline in terms of the automotive production. We did have an increase in original equipment volumes in Europe, and that reflects our increase in market share. We also had some very strong growth in our China operations as well, reflecting the strong market there. Segment income increased 22% to a $145 million. Again, as weve said, this is at least the third quarter in a row here weve actually had underlying margin improvement, due to the higher volume, as well as improved performances, specially in Europe and also in Asia, including some of our joint venture partners and so, a good improvement there. It looks like margins declined but they really did not. That is really just a mathematical impact of the higher lead pass-through. Turning now to the automotive business; sales were up 3% in the quarter to $4.8 billion. Industry, vehicle volumes where down 15% in the quarter as were our sales. If you were to look at that a little bit more deeply you can see that industry production for cars was down 7%, light truck was down 21%. Just to give you a more of a sense of the size of that, Light truck production was down 500,000 units in the quarter versus a year ago and frankly when we compared what we were forecasting last April versus what actually came in, our forecast last April turned out to be June end 30,000 units too high. So that is just, to give you an indication of how quickly this happened here. There are some names or some programs you can see where we had higher volume but a lot of lower volume particularly in the light truck area. Our sales in Europe were up 17%. Frankly if you take FX out, pretty comparable with the industry, the industry was down about 2% we were about flat. Again a mixture of some volumes up in some parts of America and lower in others. Our China revenues were up 35% to 40% now these are principally non-consolidated. About half of that growth was due to higher productions. In China, the other half really has to do with again, our market share gains there, new joint ventures. We have a number of the new automakers, as well as new business coming on. In terms of segment income; up 11% to a $199 million. I think to find good news and some bad news here. Our North American operations despite our sales being down 15%, operating income was only down 10%, due to a really tremendous improvements in the cost structure and really an outstanding job, I think, on the part of our management employees there. Income from our an European operations was about level with the prior year and that is principally the reason it was not up was, due to a one-time cost associated with taking a shift out of some operations in Belgium, reflecting some changes in our customers production plan. As we indicated, higher commodity costs was of relatively minor issue in this particularly quarter. Finally, we did have an improved operational performance coming out of China, on our joint ventures as we move from startup and launches to higher production level. So, that has turned around for us sequentially. With that, I am going to turn the conversation over to Bruce McDonald.
Bruce McDonald: Okay, and thanks, Denise. Well as Steve already indicated, our results for the third quarter were a record, which we feel really good about given the challenging domestic environment that we face right now. Really reflecting our business diversification and the successful implementation of our growth strategies, you can see revenues were up 11% versus the prior year. If we backout foreign exchange, our organic sales growth was about 4%. However, that is somewhat misleading. I think if you think about our North American automotive business and the North American residential air conditioning businesses, both which Steve already said, were down 15% and 17%. However, the remainder of our business, which is 80% of the Company, organic sales growth was just a shade over 10%. So, I feel really good about that given the environment that we are in. If I look at it by segments, we talked about 13% sales growth at building efficiency, that is 7% if we backout foreign exchange. That really reflects the implementation of our growth strategies and the exposure that weve some of the high growth international markets. In power solutions, we talked about a 36% revenue increase, but if we backout both the impact of foreign exchange and the impact of passing through higher lead costs, organic sales growth was 8%, and as Denise indicated on a 2% growth in volume. That reflects the growth in the after market side of the business and a shift to higher margin products. In automotive experience we saw 3% sales growth and again as Denise indicated, if we backout foreign exchange we are actually down a 4% and that is obviously in a climate where production was down 15% in North America and 2% roughly in Europe. Just turning over to gross profit, you can see we had a slight decline for 15.5% to 15.1% versus last year. The decrease is really due to a couple of factors. One is the impact of passing through to higher commodity cost, particularly lead, that is why, we just passed it through on the sale side, had a no impact on our gross profit. So that obviously is diluted to both gross margin and our segment income. We also had poor overhead absorption in our manufacturing plants, to think about we had a number of facilities idle during the American Axle strike here in North America. So that is obviously a head win for us. Then we had about $15 million of costs that we incurred downsizing one of our European plants, as Denise talked about in automotive taken a shift out of one of our Belgium facilities. I am going to talk a bit more about commodity pressure later on. However, unlike our last few quarters, that really has not been an issue. For the third quarter, the net negative impact of commodities which flows through in gross profit line, it is probably about $15 million to $20 million as a negative issue for us. Looking down at SG&A, you can see that despite the fact our sales were up 11%, SG&A expenses were only up 6%, and as percentage of sales we declined by about 40 basis points to 8.9%. Roughly speaking in the quarter, engineering and launch costs were comparable to prior years. We are continuing to invest in our growth initiative. Really what you are seeing here in the SG&A side of the our income statement is that the benefits of economies of scale as we grow. We do not have to add as much to the core SG&A as we otherwise would. So we are investing in our key growth initiatives and that is something that weve done, though the economies firms up here, we want to take advantage of the fact that we are performing well, we got a strong balance sheet and continue to invest in our growth initiatives, so that we can outpace our competition as economy softens further. Turning to equity income, we nearly doubled it to $37 million in the quarter. This really reflects the benefits of the investments that weve made in our automotive business in Asia, most notably in China, but also improved business performance in some of our Power Solutions overseas investments. As we indicated in our last quarter, we expect strong year-over-year comparisons in equity income line to really carry over into the fourth quarter and 2009. Lastly, at segment income line, up 13%, we saw 10 basis points of margin expansion to 6.5%. Turning to slide 11 here, you can see that financing costs were down slightly from $71 million to $69 million, a reduction of a couple of million. What we are really seeing here is the benefit of both lower interest rate and also lower borrowing levels, although these were partially offset by some costs that we incurred to repatriate some cash from South American countries and also to swap some of the fixed-rate debt into floating rate debt, that finally worth about $8 million in the quarter, a non-recurring item and financing charges of about $8 million. For the quarter, our tax rate was 21%, right in line with last year, and consistent with our guidance. Then, reflecting the improved profitability of our consolidated joint ventures, again most notably in automotive entities with strong transplant exposure, and our European Power Solutions business, you can see minority interest was a large increase versus last year. That again is a trend that we expect to see carry over here into our fourth quarter. So just down to bottom line $0.73, a record for us, and up 11% versus last year. I just like to spend a little bit of time here on our balance sheet and cash flow. You can see, for the quarter, our cash flow from operations more than doubled, versus 2007 to $551 million. This enabled us to both increase our investments in the business, but also reduce our debt as a percentage to total capitalization. We ended the quarter with a very strong balance sheet. Debt to total capitalization was 29%, as Steve indicated, down 200 basis points from last quarter, and compares very favorably to 36% where we were a year ago. Working capital in the quarter in the quarter was a little bit of a disappointment, versus our internal expectation of being neutral here, with an outflow of $85 million. However, it was a significant improvement versus the $377 million outflow that we saw in the third quarter of last year. We do expect, however, that in the fourth quarter, working capital will be a source of cash for us. Turning to the capital expenditure, we are above the year ago levels but we are clocking in line with our guidance, which was for reinvestment ratio for the full year of 1.1 to 1. I would also point out that we did close on the acquisition of Plastech, or the interior assets of Plastech engineering in early July, but that is not been reflected in our balance sheet. That will be a use of cash in the fourth quarter of about $200 million here. We expect however that, our strong free cash flow position in the fourth quarter more than offset the $200 million out flow to Plastech and to end the year was a debt to total capitalization of about 27%. Lastly, I just want to spend little bit of time talking about commodities because as we meet some of our shareholders, in a lot of the analyst community this is becoming a question that it just comes up over and over again. They really want to spent some time talking through what the impact is, what our key exposures are, where we are seeing that globally, and the impact that it is having on our financials. Really if I could do this just I really need to talk about separately by each business because it is a different issue for all three of our businesses. However, before I get in to the business level of detail, and we really see unprecedented increases both in terms of magnitude and also the speed and I would say the aggressive nature on watch the supply base is passing price increases on to the customers. For Johnson Controls, our key exposures from our commodity perspective are lead, steel, copper, aluminum, chemicals and resin. However, in addition, to this we are also seeing significant price increases in things like acids that we use in power solution side of the business, transportation costs, motors, compressors and conversion costs of taking a junk batteries and converting them into lead that we can reuse. I would say while the weak dollar is magnifying the commodity issue in North America this has become an increasingly a global issue. Weve seen in all regions of the world, in Europe and Asia. Let me first talk a little bit about lead because weve talked about this in the past. Generally speaking, we do have passthrough arrangements where we can pass the cost increases on to our customer. Lead is actually working the other way from all of our other commodities and as you can see by the chart here that I have included in our slides. It is the one commodity that is seeing a pull back recently, though I would say that the volatility is significantly increased. If you just take the third quarter as a reference point, we saw led prices arranged from a high of nearly 3,000 a ton, to 2955 a metric ton, to a low of 1564 a metric ton, and is no longer becoming uncommon for prices to fluctuate within 20% to 30% on a weekly basis. So we are really seeing unprecedented volatility in the lead market. Generally speaking, our hedging programs on the lead side are working well. The indexing and commercial arrangements weve with supply base are working affectively and by and large insulating our financial results from rapid short-term escalations, but not completely. Now, let me swing to talk about the non-lead increases in the other three businesses. So, let me first start with automotive. By and large in automotive, commodity inflation is not a 2008 issue, it is going to be of 2009 impact for us, mainly because of the supply contracts and hedges that weve in place. The magnitude of the issue for us here and really it is particularly prevalent in steel, means that we are going to have to pass the cost increase on to our customers. We are currently in negotiations with our customers globally. We expect to have this issue largely resolved or certainly now where we are with our customers by the end of our fiscal year. We will talk more about that obviously in our October meeting. In terms of power solutions, as weve indicated before. Leads not really an issue from an earnings perspective and our lead hedging program in passthrough is working well. The inflation here is in things like resins that we used to make the battery cases, acid as that I talked about before, transportation cost and higher energy related input cost, both tooling lead and also the electricity and natural gas related charges that we used to charge the battery. Weve announced price increases, which we expect will be implemented here in early to mid August, which will fully recover these increases. Although the effect for the fourth quarter is we are not going to fully recover that and I would say for Power Solution, the net impact that we are going to see in the fourth quarter will be about a $15 million, $20 million head wins, but as Steve indicated before, we expect will not be a factor for us as we go into 2009 for Power Solutions. In Building Efficiency, we started to see commodity inflation kick in here in the third quarter. So that is the one business where its comes out as the quickest and we do expect this to carry over in to the fourth quarter and be a little bit of headwind for us as we go into the first quarter of '09. The major elements of building efficiency increases being steel, aluminum, motor and compressors, copper and fuel cost. Weve implemented price across all of our product lines globally and we put in place huge surcharges for our truck-based service businesses. We do expect these pricing actions to enable us to recover the increased cost but it will have a negative impact over the next couple of quarters as we work through our backlog. As in the past, I would comment, the HVAC industry has collectively increased prices in times of rising commodity cost and we are fairly confident in our ability to offset these higher costs along with the rest of the industry. So the bottom-line from a commodity perspective is, the impact of our fourth quarter is going to be about $0.06 in aggregate and we expect that with the surprising actions that we already implemented and the negotiations that weve underway as automotive and have a very good feel for where we are going to be at in 2009 in at the time we make our analyst calls here in October. So with that I am going to turn it over to Steve for a few concluding comments.
Steve Roell: Hey. Thank you Bruce. I would just like to summarize a little bit about how we are operating and forcing things from an operating standpoint. I have mentioned in the past that even in the period where we see weakness like we are seeing in a couple of our markets, weve the advantage of being able to continue to invest for growth. In our case what that means is continue to invest in our innovation, in our product, technology around information technology, to improve our processes and certainly to add to our sales forces. I feel comfortable about our ability to execute on growth strategies including on the positions that weve and have established in the emerging markets and may be the most important element and this really driving for our cost improvements. This goes well beyond what we typically to refer to as our best business practices and our continuous improvement. However, we believe we still have tremendous number of opportunities to improve our cost structure and that the costs associated with those can be absorbed business very rapid pay-backs. From the standpoint of our priorities, they remain unchanged. We still look to, from the standpoint of our sales; we look for sustainable organic sales and earnings growth. Our long-term objective is to continue to grow at twice the rate of underlying industry growth. Further global diversification we believe is possible, reducing our dependence on individual products, market, and regions. We believe that with our cost reduction activities that we can expand our margins and combined with our capital efficiency and working capital efficiencies we can drive for increased returns on invested capital. Our use of cash is really unchanged. We are still focused on what we can do to identify growth platforms for future revenue expansion and finally our philosophy continues to be that we look to increase our dividends to our shareholder. With that I am going to turn it over to for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Himanshu Patel. You may ask your question, and please state your company name.
Himanshu Patel: JP Morgan. Couple of questions. When you look at the North American automotive business, it sounds like you took some cost actions in the latest quarter. Is the restructuring that is required in that business, has all the heavy lifting been done on that or are there a couple of more quarters of this that we need to go through to right size the business?
Bruce McDonald: This is Bruce, Himanshu. I would not, I would say we got to respond to the fact that it looks like it is going to be a fairly fundamental shift here and actually would be production. Our customers are continuing to adjust their production thoughts and we are going to have to respond to that at some of our jet facilities. I would say the one area that we are still considering is our metals footprint, that is probably the one part of the business that we got to take a look at.
Steve Roell: Himanshu, the other thing, some of the recent announcement, the GM announcement took place so obviously, it did not have a great deal of impact on us. The Tundra is actually good. The Tundra movement from Indiana down to San Antonio is actually going to be a benefit to us. So, in terms of North America, as Bruce mentioned, look the metal side, but I do not think that there is a lot of foot printing opportunities for us in North America.
Himanshu Patel: Then you mentioned recoveries on commodity costs across all units, and I noticed you referenced North American auto as well. I am wondering what is prompting that comment, are you, is that just wishful thinking are you actually seeing some behavioral changes out of the purchasing departments at the Detroit Three carmakers on this issues?
Steve Roell: Well, Himanshu, I do not want to talk about any single one. However, I would say there is some behavioral changes that are evident, we still have a lot of negotiations to go through. I think what I have historically described is the fact the behavior outside of the Big Three has been very consistent, and I think we continue to see that as well. However, I do think that the magnitude of this as weve discussed with you is such that the supply based its entirety is going to have to look for some formula really from the Big Three.
Himanshu Patel: Okay. Then, just two last questions on building efficiency. It looks like you posted 11% growth I think excluding FX. As you look forward for the next couple of quarters just based on the order rate and stuff, whether you are looking at the reported revenue growth organically or the backlog growth organically, do you see that rate of growth moderating or would you expect that to still continue for the next couple of quarters?
Steve Roell: Well I do not want to go beyond the fourth quarter, which is what our review is okay. I think that what we are going to see is the comparisons are going to get easier from the standpoint of the residential side. As we indicated that they had a big impact on us in the quarter. I think that the comparison starts to get easier little bit in the fourth quarter, but certainly as we do go beyond that, they are easier, somewhat help from that side. However, I think the key is this if you look at our backlog demand churn, we actually got a slide on last quarter's release there actually was a spike in Q3 a year ago. So this was our toughest comparison year-over-year, in terms of our backlog. So I feel good that coming under this we saw two things. We saw our backlog respond with a 15% growth and we also saw the bidding activity continue strong, again as the pipeline, I refer to often times.
Himanshu Patel: Okay. Then last question, can we talk a little bit about Europe? I mean your profits there, on the auto side are, it looks like its about quarter of your total operating income. We are seeing some of the western markets in Europe definitely seeing slowdown in new car registration. How are you feeling about the business there? Is it too early to talk about a broader restructuring there or are you planning the business for '09 for lower industry volumes across Europe?
Steve Roell: Well, let me talk about the industry and then I will let Bruce talk about the opportunities for restructuring. I think you just saw when [Judy Powers] came out for the Western Europe estimates of being down 4% for '08, I think they are identifying about 1.5% decline for '09. The softness right now seems to be really heavily, you have seen the numbers mentioned here in terms of Southern Europe, Italy, and Spain are particularly being very soft. We never really counted on those markets being strong for us. Our growth is coming from the German market and primarily in the French market, but maybe more importantly from Eastern Europe. Well, it is a not high percentage. That is where we felt we could grow. So, the deterioration that we are seeing for '08 is not surprising and weve been able to get through that. If you recall also, our backlog as we go further into '09, 10, 11, a lot of our backlog is in fact in automotive and its skewed towards Europe and its skewed towards Eastern Europe. So, we are not surprised at what we are seeing thus far.
Himanshu Patel: That backlog kicks in '09 or if I recall.
Bruce McDonald: Probably '010.
Steve Roell: Not so early, its 10, 11 where we really see the big benefit. In terms of your comment about anything just sort about our cost structure, Bruce you want to address that.
Bruce McDonald: Yes. I would just say, maybe just before I get back, our backlog is very heavily skewed to Europe and I am very comfortable that the amount of new business that weve coming on, which is business that we won from our competition has under-represented customers that weve talked about before, were more than offset the volume softness, the general volume softness, that were seen in the marketplace. Another fact that though that we are seeing is a little bit of softness from some of the manufacturers who had heavy export content, actually a little bit of short-term softening there, but nothing, nothing really dramatic. In terms of the footprint side of the business, clearly there continues to be opportunities as the industry is migrating from the west to the east and so yes, there is definitely something that we are going to take a look at, with respect to that.
Himanshu Patel: Great. Thank you.
Steve Roell: Thanks Himanshu.
Operator: Thank you. [Brandon Farrell]. You may ask your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Good Morning..
Steve Roell: Hi Brandon.
Unidentified Analyst: I wanted to talk about the BE business specifically the residential piece. I think, I mean you posted a 17% decline in sales, I think, when we look at some of your competitors in the residential piece of their businesses, we are seeing some low single-digit declines. What exactly is going on with that business with respect to yourself and then your competition, is that business is structurally impaired, or is that the U.S. Air piece from last year?
Bruce McDonald: Okay, that I
Steve Roell: I do not think we feel the business is structurally impaired at all, I think there is no change in the underlying technology. What I would tell you is, and weve talked about this before. First is, our business is more heavily exposed to new construction in the marketplace. So it is 65% of the market is replacement and 35% is new construction. We are more like 50-50. So as the economy goes through a downturn here, on new construction site, that is a negative for us and so we are just proportionally hit versus some of our competitors. Secondly, if you look at our inventory position, weve a lot of destocking of inventory that weve in our distribution channel, and that is another thing you really need to look at. We are entering in to the summer cooling season here, or exiting the summer cooling season with inventory and our channel probably down 40% to 50% versus year ago level, so weve been very lean and taking product out of the pipeline and I think that means we will respond very favorably when the industry picks up. Lastly, you asked about U.S Air conditioning acquisition that is our investment that we made at the end of '07. I would say that business is -- if that converting that channel into incremental sales have taken as to little bit longer than we had originally envisioned but we are very pleased with the progress that we are making here on a quarter-over-quarter basis, and that is something that is gaining momentum. So I think we feel pretty good that bottom has passed in the residential air conditioning side of our business and we do expect to see lot easier year-over-year comparisons as soon as we get into the fourth quarter of 09 and right now, our expectations is that our unitary products business will be a significantly better in '09 than it is in '08, not based on industry recovery but just in terms of cost actions that weve taken, the destocking that weve done and some of the new products that weve implemented a new,  33-inch furnace in our micro channel technology on the residential side.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, Okay, so I sense that is an inventory channel issue and you have worked yourself through that because otherwise, that business is showing great margin expansion.
Steve Roell: Right.
Unidentified Analyst: Are you, can you just remind us what your margin improvement objectives are in each of your three businesses as you weigh the matter with the past year and as you think about 2009 and some of the macro issues we are seeing in each of those businesses, are you still committed to those?
Steve Roell: Yes, I mean, I can remind you on what our goals are. I mean weve talked a little for automotive experience that we want to get to a 5% consolidated margin from a global perspective, and that is unchanged. In terms of building efficiency, talked about double-digit, excluding GWS and that is unchanged. Then, in terms of power solutions, weve talked about our margin aspirations being up about a 100 to 150 basis points. If you backout lead because that really gets to be a lot of noise in the system, and I would say our margin aspirations for power solutions are increasing as we start to look to more levels of investment in vertical integration. I will talk more about that in our analyst meeting in October.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Denise Zutz: Okay. Brandon, I think we are going to have to move on to the next person asking a question. So thanks very much. Operator, could we move, go to the next?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Ceraso. Please ask your question and please state your company name.
Christopher Ceraso: Thanks. Good morning and Credit Suisse.
Steve Roell: Hi, Chris.
Christopher Ceraso: A couple of things. I appreciate the breakdown that you gave us on the commodities by business. However, one thing that seemed to be missing was the automotive businesses that relates to plastics and resins. Can you comment on contract situation there, with regard to any pass-throughs or recovery, and where does that stand now that oil prices they are up further?
Steve Roell: Well Chris, I would tell you that it really becomes a much bigger issue for us with the Plastech acquisition, okay. One of the elements that was specifically negotiated, and that with our customers, was pass-through arrangements on resins, that was the key part of the discussions when we made the investment in the business with our customers.
Steve Roell: I would also tell you we, Chris that in Plastech, I do not think we alluded to in our press release for the Plastech transactions. Its been completed but we already have I think, its close to $70 million worth new awards that have been given to us in the first 15 days. Subsequent to that, they have their protection. So we do not really have any choice in that business. So, as Bruce mentioned that was part of our discussion and we had good cooperation and collaboration with our investment base.
Christopher Ceraso: Okay Bruce you mentioned the back log in automotive, do you have a net new business number '09, '10, '11 that you can give us for automotive on a global basis.
Bruce McDonald: We will get back to you in October, Chris.
Denise Zutz: We only update that once a year Chris. Okay, operator again we will take the next questioner.
Operator: Thank you Rich Kwas. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Richard Kwas: Wachovia. Good morning
Steve Roell: Yes hi Rich.
Richard Kwas: Steve just a broader question acquisition, given what has transpired over the last few months with the North American auto industry, just the general economy. You are more bullish or less bullish on making acquisitions?
Steve Roell: Well let me just, there is two parts there Rich. First of all, weve indicated that I think from an acquisition standpoint weve gone through a lot of prioritization in the world of the areas where we want to go to. First thing I would tell you is, that probably 80% of our future M&A activity will be focused BE, just simply because we think the opportunities are best there. In the automotive sector Rich, I have never really been attracted to a value propositions around the depressed values. So we continue to look for ways to grow but they are technology based in automotive and that at BE there is whole range. That is probably the best way to describe it to you. Okay?
Richard Kwas: Okay and then on the building efficiency, I think you said that coding activity is up 40% year-over-year. That implies most companies are not cutting budgets on energy efficiency. Is that a fair conclusion to come to?
Steve Roell: Yes, let me go back. The 40% I referred to was coating activities specifically on the solutions performance contracted piece. Okay. If I look at overall coating activity its up double-digit. So, I do not want to mislead by the 40% in our total, our total business base. However, to your point I do not see and I am not hearing people cutback. In fact I do still know where there are corporations that are taking lower flow rates for their energy conversation. I think with energy cost in general, I think is still a major focus on what they can do to reduce cost and to achieve their sustainability or targets that they have with EPA for greenhouse gas reduction. So, I do not sense any reduction right now from the standpoint of the industrial and commercial base.
Richard Kwas: Great, thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Brian Johnson. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Brian Johnson: Lehman Brothers.
Steve Roell: Hi, Brian.
Brian Johnson: Yes, given what you said about acquisition dollar going towards building efficiency rather than autos, but also recognizing Plastech was moving to liquidation. Can you give us some of your strategic thinking behind Plastech and just be into North American interior segment and how this acquisition positions you different strategically?
Steve Roell: Yes, Brian let me
Brian Johnson: If at all.
Steve Roell: Brian why do not go back. This decision was not a strategic discussion. We would never have in our list of areas we want to invest in and only come back on, but let me explain to you why. We did the transaction. The primary basis was to protect our customers. We were looking for maintaining continuity of supply and that was the biggest risk we had to the industry. Not just the ones that are partners with us, but certainly a lot of the transplants also had, had parts of their tools with Plastech. So, our primary reason for doing this transaction was to ensure continuity of supply to our customer base. That is number one. Number two, from the standpoint of the business we felt that we can manage this business well. We felt that we had a management team that wanted to do this business, so we felt that we can add value. As evidenced by the fact that we are getting approached for new business, I think our customers feel the same thing. So we will do well in this business overtime. However, it is not something that we want to put on our radar, its something we wanted to necessarily invest a lot of capital in. If you look at our total or call it acquisition capacity over the next three to five years, now it is Bruce, what is on there.
Bruce McDonald: About 2%.
Steve Roell: It is a big number, I mean; this is something in a 4 billion range, so you can picture this 200 million on that context.
Brian Johnson: There is a $0.03 head we saw this quarter, how long do you think that will continue and when does that become neutral or accretive?
Bruce McDonald: That was the first plant. Let me just clarify a little bit about the financials here. We expect that Plastech will be about a break-even operation here in the first quarter that we own it, but weve got significant cost, integrating the IT systems and overhead structure into our North American infrastructure. Also addressing the fact that their footprint is underutilized, so weve the capacity, a lot of tools to move like several thousand, we got at too many facilities. So we are going to have some plant closures. So its really the restructuring cost that make its earnings negative to us here in the first quarter. 09, we are looking for Plastech to be about neutral. In '010, I would say, Plastech is going to be worth $0.04 to $0.05 to us.
Brian Johnson: Anyway, especially given that commodity discussions you are having about the US industry as recognizing your good citizenship in helping out Plastech?
Bruce McDonald: Well, I will just answer that briefly. We think we are getting incremental business and I know our customers appreciate us keeping their continuity supply at top of our list.
Brian Johnson: Okay, except that translates to pricing.
Bruce McDonald: Yes.
Brian Johnson: Thanks.
Denise Zutz: Okay, Brian. Yes, operator next question.
Operator: Thank you. Patrick Archambault, you may ask your question and please state you company name.
Patrick Archambault: Hi, yes, from Goldman Sachs.
Steve Roell: Hi, Patrick.
Patrick Archambault: Good Morning. Just wanted to see in the backlog you reported for building efficiency, does the Middle East chiller contract that you announced, is that included in that? If not, what is the timing on that?
Steve Roell: No, that work took place after the quarter end. So that will be something, it'll be added to our backlog in the next report, okay.
Patrick Archambault: Okay. So the timing though would be within the next year, year and half for that contract to start rolling on in terms of revenues?
Steve Roell: Yes, yes.
Patrick Archambault: Okay, great. Also in terms of, you had talked about in the past, the integration initiatives that you in batteries that you were applying to Europe and Asia. Wanted to see, if that was already being implemented, was that in the results weve seen so far, and what inning are you in terms of that process?
Steve Roell: Patrick, making sure I understand, when you are taking about integration, you are referring to our ability to go back and basically get a recycling program in place. Is that what you are referring to or you are talking about vertical integration?
Patrick Archambault: Sorry. I was talking about the moving the manufacturing process in Europe and in Asia in line with some of the advances you have made in North America to get margin expansion.
Steve Roell: Well this is referring power frame, okay.
Patrick Archambault: Correct.
Steve Roell: At this point and time, we are doing that in Europe, and weve not done that yet in Asia. Right now, we are looking to our green-field operations in the China market, and if we were successful in doing that, in the near future than we would actually introduce power frame in other market at that time. So there are still ways to go. We are not fully implemented in Europe, and weve not started yet in Asia.
Patrick Archambault: Okay, great. Thanks. Just one last housekeeping one. How should we think about modeling the minority interest in just given the significant change year-on-year.
Bruce McDonald: It is going to be, I would say, in the 15 to 20 ballpark for the next couple of quarters. We will obviously give full year guidance on that for '09, but it is going to be at the level its currently at, plus or minus.
Patrick Archambault: Okay, great. Thank you. That is all I had. Thanks a lot.
Steve Roell: Thanks Patrick.
Operator: Thank you. John Murphy, you may ask your question and please state your company name.
John Murphy: Merrill Lynch. Good morning.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, hi John.
John Murphy: Three questions. First, when you talked about the coming quarter, you said that it is not an environment you can really extrapolate to North American volumes going forward. Just trying to understand what you are thinking there. Is there something in the schedules that are changing very quickly and abruptly or did you see the market getting better going forward? That is the first question. Second, was there a need to repatriate funds that drove up that financing cost, because you alluded too for the financing cost being higher because of repatriation of funds?
Bruce McDonald: A word about those two.
Steve Roell: John. In terms of the first question, what I was really saying is that this is a shutdown period. So, typically what happens is that, the North American OEs are going to use this to extend and adjust our inventory or imbalances. Okay. That happens in the third quarter in the August time frame here, okay? July-August, and then, I used Tundra as the example where the adjustment required was something extreme, which was a three month shutdown. That is why I am saying you cannot extrapolate this into the October, November, December timeframe. The adjustment should take place as part of this downturn, okay? That was my rationale there.
Denise Zutz: Well, and in addition to that, again, we pointed out delays in the launches of the new F-Series, as well as ramp. I am sure those will launch.
John Murphy: Those are going to launch.
Denise Zutz: That is correct, the product is going to launch in the fourth quarter, as when we had expected.
Steve Roell: Our fiscal quarter end.
John Murphy: So you do not foresee shut downs and delays happening in future quarters, in the next few quarters.
Steve Roell: We could, but I would expect this quarter to be the one where we always have the opportunity to really take advantage of it. This is their shut down period.
John Murphy: Okay.
Steve Roell: I think what they will do again. They will take one more look John at the end of the Christmas holiday. So what might expect is that if retail were soft again you might see an extended shutdowns associated with the Christmas. Okay?
John Murphy: Yes.
Steve Roell: Its in that timeframe okay?
Bruce McDonald: Yes I will just take the financing question there, John. Most of the cost the million it relates to swapping out for debt, from fixed to floating and that is an in the money swap. So we will have some carry-over benefit in the future. The repatriation comment was really up-taken from, taken the opportunity that presents up in the market place, to extract some cash from some South American countries that have currency and cash control. So it was an opportunistic thing.
John Murphy: Okay and then just lastly on slide 7 and looking at the commercial building sales and laid on the pie chart that you have there and you have servicing retrofitting at 75% of the sales, which is a good thing versus a new construction. I am just trying to understand in the service versus the retrofitting there and services clearly pretty sticky, but retrofitting when we are looking at that, how much is, of that 75% is retrofitting and when we think about that 75% slides of the pie there also, how much is government and how much is private business?
Steve Roell: Yes just trying to cover all that but just to give you a sense for in that retrofit, you have got really several on this. When I talked about that 40% growth in performance contracting that is there. Retrofit is largely driven by expansion projects that are tied to energy conservation. That is why that is fairly secure, okay. I just would tell you that historically that portion of that reply does not impacted during slowdowns in the economy. Okay. The other side in terms of the government side, I would only tell you that if you were to take healthcare, education, and government, you are probably talking close to 60% of our North American volume, and that does not deal international piece. However, that would the way we describe it to you.
Denise Zutz: Yes. The additional guidance I can give you is our workplace solutions business is in that service bouquet. So retrofit is significantly smaller than the total service dimension there. Okay?
John Murphy: Okay.
Denise Zutz: I think you can get a size of the service business, if you look at our financial footnote through the press release.
John Murphy: Got you.
Denise Zutz: Breakout products and systems versus services, there you get a clean break of our service business. So
Steve Roell: John, if we can help you there, well then we will. We will get to you after the call. Okay?
John Murphy: Great. Thank you.
Steve Roell: Okay.
Denise Zutz: Okay. Operator, I think weve time for just one more question, with one more question I hope in that question.
Operator: Okay. Our last question comes from Rod Lache. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Rod Lache: Deutsche Bank. Thank you.
Steve Roell: Hi, Rod.
Rod Lache: Any help on framing the amount of commodity exposure in auto that needs to be pass-through? Also on auto, just help us with just rough feeling for the eastern European versus western European exposure, I know it is tough with, were production is versus where that its sales are?
Steve Roell: I seem the later one, well I have to come back and give you a better feel for it, okay. I do not have that handy, Rod okay. We just do not have it available here. On the commodity discussion in terms of magnitude, I am just afraid that any number we give you is not going to be relevant, because it has to be in the context of where our recoveries or our cost showing is. I know what I would do, if I gave you a number, how I would help you with that.
Rod Lache: Okay. Then, can you confirm on FX, I assume that you mark-to-market the euro assumption in the new guidance, is that correct? What was the bottom-line impact of FX in the quarter and if you have done the calculation the effect of that on, on that building efficiency backlog?
Bruce McDonald: Well for the FX impact on the building efficiency backlog, if you stripped out exchanges, the upper 11% versus the 15% that we reported Rod.
Rod Lache: Okay, great.
Denise Zutz: Okay. Well thank you everyone. We appreciate your interest, and as always we will be available after the call to take any further questions. However, thank you very much for joining us today.
Steve Roell: Thank you.
Bruce McDonald: Bye bye.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-04-16 11:00:00) =====
Operator: (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Denise Zutz. Thank you, Maam, you may begin.
Denise Zutz: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of our financial results for the second quarter of our fiscal 2008. Here to talk with you this morning is Steve Roell, our chairman and CEO, Keith Wandell, our president and chief operating officer, and Bruce McDonald, our executive vice president and chief financial officer. They are going to have some opening remarks this morning, probably about 30 minutes, and then we will turn the call over for questions and answers. We would expect that our call would conclude in approximately 60 minutes. Before we begin I do need to remind you that we are making forward-looking statements during this call pertaining to our financial results for fiscal 2008 and beyond that are based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward looking and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates, or forecasts. For those statements the company cautions that numerous important factors such as automotive vehicle production levels (inaudible) energy prices, the ability to mitigate the impact of higher raw material costs, the strength of the US (inaudible) currency exchange rate, cancellation of commercial contracts, changes to domestic and foreign tax rates, as well as other factors discussed in the companys most recent 10K filing dated November 29, 2007, could affect the companys actual results and could cause the actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward looking statement made by or on behalf of the company. And with that I would like to turn the call over to Steve Roell for an overview.
Stephen A. Roell: Okay. Well, thanks, Denise, and good morning. Im going to start with the second quarter results for 2008. I just have a few comments on that. As our press release indicated, we continued to achieve our growth targets. Our sales were up 11%, a record, to $9.4 billion with all three businesses contributing to that higher growth. The one item that really should have stood out was the segment income where we were up 29% to $453 million. If you look at the press release again what youd notice is that our automotive experience group was up 28%, building efficiency 29%, and power solutions 30%. So I think with all three businesses performing exceptionally well the underlying margin expansion in all three businesses yielded a consolidated profit margin increase of 70 basis points over last years quarter. Our income from continuing operations was a record at $289 million. Our earnings per share diluted was $0.48 compared to $0.37 a year ago, up 30%. And as many of you have noted, our EPS was at the high end of the range that we provided to you in the guidance in our January conference call. In addition to that we continue to enjoy a very strong balance sheet. Our debt to cap is right on top of 30%. We feel very good about where we are as we enter the, from this input of our financial flexibility. Just to stop for a point here and just thank all of our employees around the world. As you can gauge from our results, we had tremendous performance across all three businesses across many, many geographies. Its the efforts of 140,000 people that yielded the fine results for the quarter. If we take a little bit longer look now Im going to turn to the next page and talk to you about our sustainable profitable growth. Were executing well on the opportunities. We have growing backlogs. Our building efficiency backlog was up 15% to $4.5 million at the end of the second quarter. We just reminded you here our automotive three-year backlog of $3.9 billion, weve not updated that since we shared that with you back in October, but if you recall that was an 11% increase in the prior three-year with that growth actually back ended in 2009 and 2010. Strong international markets that I would share with you that really our growth across our businesses, as youll note, are coming both in our domestic as well as the international markets. Diversification has been a theme that weve talked about for years and years, about how important thats been to us. Its extremely important today and it continues to be and I think were well positioned in terms of the diversification across our businesses, our geography, as well as our customer base. One thing we dont talk about is the fact that our management team is fairly senior. Weve got a lot of people who have gone through economic changes and shifts and global growth and I think thats going to bode well for us in terms of how we handle the next three years. Steve is going to talk to you about our world class continuous improvement processes and cost controls. I think it is a major differentiated and competitive advantage to how we do that. Now I want to spend some time on building efficiency. We talk about the stability of this business and one of the things that weve tried to highlight in the past is that 75% of our revenues come from our service and retrofit business. So if you look at the pie that I provided in the charts youll notice weve done something that we havent done before. Weve broken out the new construction element. Just to give you a point, the 75% includes our technical services, our global workplace solutions, and our solutions business, which is largely our performance contracting which is driven by energy retrofits. The revenue is recurring. It very rarely can I ever thing of a time when it has ever actually gone backwards. It always is on an improving basis and thats where we continue to get our growth and thats the stability and the segment that we need to highlight. We continue to benefit, if you think about the current and long-term from higher energy prices, the approved pay backs that are associated with our offerings in terms of energy efficiency, our customers need for a carbon footprint measurement, and management we continue to see more and more discussion in sustainability and targets of corporations are setting not only for their domestic operations, but for their global operations. Now if I can revert back to that pie, if you look at that orange, that orange is really the new construction business for North America. Weve broken out for the first time the international element. What Id like to highlight again is that orange, theres a preponderance of our business which is tied to the institutional base: health care, education, and government. Historically and it continues to be much more resilient in times when markets get soft. So again, the exposure that we have there, if you think about it in terms of our legacy controls business, over 60% of our revenues were driven by health care, education, and government. And in terms of the equipment business that we acquired from York, that business, while manufacturing is still one of the major elements, over 40% of our equipment goes to the health care and education markets. Emerging markets continue to play a major, provide a major opportunity for us. We just highlighted the fact that the trillion dollars of new construction planned for the Middle East, including 850,000 tonnes of district cooling plant under construction. So we continue to see that blue portion of that bar being driven by extremely high growth rates in China, the Middle East, and in Europe. Id like to remind you that were one of the few, I think we believe were unique in the industry relative to being able to bundle systems, HVAC equipment, and service. Weve talked in the past about the fact that we have the largest service workforce with over 13,000 front end providers to the service industry and we continue to expand that workforce. Shifting to automotive experience, weve highlighted the fact that weve got a very diverse customer base with two-thirds of our revenue tied to European and Asian OEs. I would also tell you that our backlog, as many of you may know, in terms of business that were going to execute over the next three years is heavily skewed towards the European OEs and the Asian OEs. Were seeing double-digit production increases in the emerging markets. I think were very well positioned. With our balance sheet were very well positioned to continue to invest in innovation to gain competitive advantage. And since the beginning of this year weve also had a number of gains and new wins. We talk about First Auto Works, Ford, GM, Kia, Nissan, Volkswagen. Those are all new and are adding to our backlog. Some of those will add to the three-year backlog we shared with you last year. Some of those are going to be beyond that into the 2011 timeframe. And again, we update that and provide you more detail when we get to the October meeting, well provide you with our next three-year backlog, but our sense is that were doing exceptionally well winning new business and we feel good about the momentum in that business. From a power solutions standpoint, again a very stable business; 80% of revenues coming from the aftermarket. We continue to see gains in market share gains in Europe, particularly from the OEs. Emerging market growth has been exceptionally strong for us in Asia. We have something weve never really talked to you about, which is growing what we call AGM demand. Its a glass matched type of battery in Europe which is basically being used in the micro-hybrid market. So the German OEs are the ones who are really driving this. If you think about micro-hybrid market, it really is start-stop type functionality. We continue to see the growth and potential in that (inaudible) market and well be investing to take care to respond to that opportunity. From a hybrid vehicle standpoint, I think in the past weve identified the fact that we have 12 development contracts. Now were up to 16. Admittedly the last four are not significant in context of size, but theyre significant in terms of the relationships that were forming with OEs around the world. We continue to look forward to the launch of the S-Class Mercedes in 2008 and 2009 and shortly after that the BMW launch. In terms of the full-year 2008 outlook, as many of you noted, we increased our guidance. Our sales growth is now 13% to $39 billion. This would be our 62nd consecutive record year of sales increases. We left our earnings growth unchanged at 18% to approximately a range of $2.45 to $2.50 per share, which would be our 18th consecutive year of record income from continuing operations. Weve provided those charts for you just to put this year in perspective with our trend over the last 10 years. I think it really does illustrate the momentum in our business. Weve also included something that I thought you might find interesting. We did look at our earnings growth expectations. The 17% you might wonder why it draws on the 18%. The 17% is a first call. Analysts consensus right now for our fiscal year. And then we transferred that to that of the multi-industry peers. To give you a sense of whos in those numbers, that includes 3M, Danaher, Eaton, Emerson, Honeywell, Ingersoll-Rand, United Technologies, Texitron, ITT. And you can see that their growth in this fiscal year is expected to be 11%. And again, as from first call analyst expectations. The point being that were extremely pleased that were outperforming that sector. Its something that as a group that we target. Its a group that we believe we can perform with. I think our results this year certainly show that. Clearly thats our expectation long term is to be in the upper quadrant of those multi-industry peers that we just mentioned. With that, Im going to shift now and ask Keith to pick it up with continuous improvement.
Keith E. Wandell: Thank you, Steve, and good morning to everyone. As Steve mentioned in his earlier comments, we do continue to, in addition to our focus on revenue growth through new products, innovation, and emerging market expansion, we are continuing to drive our margin improvement through our continuous improvement initiatives as well. I think that clearly shows in all of our numbers again this quarter. Were really pleased with the traction across all of our businesses that our best business practices are really driving. Weve talked about this before on our calls. Its really our BBP process, which is really the umbrella around all of our continuous improvement tools and how we drive this through our organization from a cultural change perspective, its really core to all of our continuous improvement efforts and weve talked in the past, we have an identified gap or what we call opportunity across our businesses of about $2 billion plus that we continue to focus on that and drive the improvements. Its really not a singular event or a series of one-offs. Its really an ongoing concerted effort by all of our businesses around the world to drive foot print optimization, both in manufacturing engineering as well as our share of services. Additionally its helping us to drive standardized global products and process architectures, which are really paying dividends for us in all of our businesses, as well as how we manage our supply chain management and our global sourcing. Its helped us really to also increase our focus on our working capital initiatives in all three of our businesses. I wanted to take a minute and just discuss sort of how were driving the margin improvement through our various businesses through best business practices. If you think about our automotive experience business, we really talk about product engineering just for a minute and what weve done with our BBP initiatives to drive to low-cost country engineering footprint. We have driven most of our software engineering for our electronics business, automotive electronics business, to Sofia in Bulgaria and weve also opened, as weve talked about in the past, a product engineering back room, if you will, in Trenchen, Slovakia, for all of our automotive business in Europe. That business now has grown to over 600 full-time product engineers where weve actually transferred the work from higher-cost western European countries to the low-cost countries. And theyre actually now doing full platform engineering. So were just really gaining a lot of traction there and a lot of cost efficiencies. By looking at our best practices and sharing those engineering best practices in automotive were seeing annual improvements in the 10s of millions of dollars. So we really feel good about that. When you think about our building efficiency business and the fact that weve just most recently rolled out our BBP metrics in this business as weve looked across our whole service and systems branch networks weve been able to implement best practices around system implementation on our Medisys System, if you will. As well as how we estimate and do contract tooling for all of our jobs, which gives us a more efficient way to spec our jobs and to procure materials, etcetera. This year alone weve seen over $10 million in annual savings through those initiatives. And in power solutions where the process has a little more time behind it we continue to just really drive our best practices throughout the world in all of our plants. If you think about the power frame roll out and what weve done in North America and now in Europe and the low-cost country footprint that weve put in place, how we share practices between South America, Mexico, Korea, China, and Europe. Were saving again over $20 million annually just in those initiatives. So we really feel good that in all three of our businesses our BBP initiatives have gained a lot of traction. Id like to talk just a couple minutes about each one of our businesses from a net sales and segment income perspective, starting off with building efficiency. Revenues or net sales were up from $3 billion to $3.3 billion from 2007 to 2008 in the quarter. So thats up 11%, as Steve mentioned before. If you exclude our UPG, Unitary Products Group, or our residential business, that building efficiency business in the mid-market and large commercial buildings, its really up 13%. With double-digit increases at North America Systems, Global Workplace Solutions, and in Europe as well as the rest of the world. Were gaining market share in systems in North America and I will just reiterate that the residential business in North America was down 18% quarter over quarter. From a segment income perspective were up 29% in building efficiency. Weve gone from $137 million to $177 million. Really driven by the higher volume, the higher North American Systems profitability due to our manufacturing efficiencies, and the contracting and service processes improvements that I alluded to earlier.  These improvements have more than offset a $20 million negative change in our residential business year over year. I think Steve mentioned our commercial backlog is up 15% to $4.5 billion with growth in systems, services, and really in every geographic market in the world. Our orders are up strong double digits. Moving to power solutions, our net sales were up 47% from $1 billion to $1.5 billion. Largely due to the higher (inaudible) basis due to lead pass throughs. If you look at lead in the quarter it ranged anywhere from $2,650 to about $3,450 a tonne. It was an average of about $2,900 a tonne versus $1,800 a tonne in 2007. So we were successful in passing through those lead increases. If you look at the aftermarket on a global basis it was relatively stable. We maintained our market share there. We did enjoy double-digit unit growth in Asia and we were able to pick up new, original equipment business in Europe in our power solutions business. From a segment income reporting perspective we were up 30% from $93 million to $121 million. Really, again, because if you think about lead pass throughs, that was really neutral to income and negative to margin. So it was really due to the operational efficiency improvements largely gained from, as I mentioned before, our BBP as well as the power frame roll out in Europe and higher equity income from our Asia joint ventures and power solutions. Lastly, automotive experience, net sales were up 2% from $4.5 billion to $4.6 billion. North America was down 7% largely driven by the industry production being down 8%. For us there were certainly some puts and takes. We had higher volume in the GM Lambda, the Lacrosse and Allure, Ford Edge, and Honda Accord, and lower volume in the GM Trailblazer, Ford Expedition, F150, Chrysler Grand Cherokee, as well as the Nissan full-size pickup. In Europe our sales were up 9% while industry production was only up 1%. Steve alluded to the fact that we continue to do very well in Europe and gain a lot of business there. We had some puts and takes as well. The Mercedes C-Class were up, as well as the Fiat 500, Ford Focus, and the VW Scoda Octavia. And we had some lower volumes under BMW Mini, the X3, the Daimler-Mitsubishi Colt, and the GM Ariva (sp). In China our unconsolidated sales were up 29% where we continue to win new business and really believe that were well positioned with our manufacturing footprint and the various joint ventures that we have in China to continue to gain market share there. From a segment income perspective we were up 28% in automotive from $121 million to $155 million. This was again in spite of some of the lower production volumes in North America. Were extremely pleased that our North American turnaround continues to gain momentum and deliver results through continuous improvement. I already talked about our lower engineering costs that are being driven through our BBP initiatives, as well as low-cost country sourcing. Our increased equity income improvements from our China joint ventures and all these improvements again more than offset the negative impact of the North American supplier strike with American (inaudible). So with that Ill turn it over to Bruce McDonald for our financial highlights.
R. Bruce McDonald: Thanks, Keith. As we already emphasized, Steve alluded to earlier we had a record results here for the second quarter, which is a great start to our fiscal (inaudible). For the quarter our earnings came in at the top end of the guidance that was provided last quarter. Just turning to the revenue side, if were really reflective of our business diversification, our international exposure, and the successful implementation of our growth strategies, sales were up 11%. If we back out the foreign exchange out of that number then our underlying sales growth on a year-over-year basis was about 4% to 5%. As we talked about building efficiency, we saw 11% sales growth with that business being pretty or somewhat adversely impacted by the weakness in the residential sector and thats something that we dont see turning around here in the second half of the year. So we sort of built that into our full projections that the residential sector is going to be much softer than we had anticipated at the beginning of this year. In power solutions our sales were up 47%, though if you back out the lead impact underlying sales growth in power solutions was about 16% compared to 2007. Lastly, in automotive we reported a sales growth of 2% and backing out foreign exchange we were down about 5% year over year really reflecting a softness in North America, both from a production interruption point of view, but also our exposure to the SUV sector. And then the impact of some vehicles that are sort of long in the tooth in Europe. Looking to gross profit youll see that our margins were comparable to last year at 13.9%. Now thats got the depressive impact of the lead pass through. We sort of stripped the impact of that. Our underlying margins grew by about 40 basis points in the quarter, which we felt pretty good about. Looking at SG&A, weve continued to control our SG&A counts with just the 3% year-over-year growth as a percentage of our sales. SG&A dropped by 70 basis points to 9.4% and thats despite the fact that were continuing to make investments in the areas of support on growth initiatives, global expansion, and ramping up our spend on innovation in each of the three businesses. Turning to equity income, we finally started to get the benefit from some of our investments that weve been making in our joint venture activities. We had a pretty bit increase in the quarter and thats something that we guided to last quarter that we expect to see some year-over-year improvement. If you really look at the underlying areas where we got growth here, in this line its our exposure to non-Detroit three joint ventures in North America. Its higher income at some of our power solutions joint ventures. And youll recall last year we talked about the lag impact of lead pass throughs being a negative to us in some of our joint venture activities where we havent got, Ill say the same level of sophistication in our leads hedging program. The power solutions equity income is up despite the fact that were increasing our investment in our staff joint ventures to support our hybrid growth initiatives. We expect to see similar levels of year-over-year increases and equity income in the third and fourth quarters here. Overall our segment income, as we talked about at the beginning, is up 29% with 70 basis points of margin expansion in the quarter. Moving to slide 14, as you can see, net financing charges declined by $3 million to $66 million in the quarter. Reflecting both the benefits of deleveraging and finally were getting some tail wind in terms of falling short-term interest rates, particularly here in North America. Our expectation again is that were going to continue to see this trend, the year-over-year improvement start to accelerate here over the second half of 2008 and into next year as were sort of shifting some of our financing our mix to shorter term floating rates from fixed rates that weve been sort of overly exposed to here for the last few price six to eight quarters. Theres even the York acquisition. Steve on the tax line with 21% which is consistent with the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year. Youll recall that last year we reported a rate of 6%, which included some non-recurring benefits and a year-to-date catch up. So the underlying EPS growth we used 21% in both years, thats where you get the $0.37 per share rising 30% to $0.48 in the quarter. Lastly, turning to the third quarter outlook, were guiding to, as Steve talked about, concerning our full-year guidance of $2.45 to $2.50, we have listed the revenue target here to $39 billion, which is 13% growth really reflecting the strength of the Euro versus the dollar. Our Q2 guidance, sorry, Q3 guidance were looking at earnings per share of $0.74 to $0.76 a share, which puts us up about 10% to 15%. On revenues were about $10 billion to the third quarter. We did in our press release talk about the impact of a prolonged strike impacting General Motors production. Our outlook here assumes that that strike is settled sometime towards the middle of our quarter. What we have not factored in here is the production interruption spreading to other GM facilities, nor have we figured in the strike lasting the whole quarter. Thats sort of whats behind our comments in the press release. For the third quarter were expecting to see all three of our businesses report underlying earnings growth. In building efficiency we expect to see our revenue pick up, our revenue growth accelerate as we enter the important summer cooling season here. In power solutions that business is performing extremely well and we expect to see that, the trends that weve seen in the first half of 2008 continue here in the second half. And then lastly in automotive we anticipate the market remaining challenging in North America. We should start to see here in the third quarter flattish to slightly down revenues in this sector. Our North American turnaround plan is on track. In Europe our business continues to perform well and is offsetting some of the, were seeing though some margin contraction in Europe as we ramp up our engineering and product development expenditures to support the big backlog which is heavily skewed to our European operation. With that, maybe just a couple comments on our balance sheet, which is in great shape. If you look at our return on invested capital, were up about 130 basis points versus last year. The strong financial position that we have gives us a lot of flexibility to invest in growth initiatives and take advantage of opportunities that we see in the marketplace. So with that Ill turn it back over to Denise.
Denise Zutz: Okay. Thank you. And, Operator, I believe were ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Chris Cerasso with Credit Suisse, your line is open.
Christopher Cerasso: Thanks. Good morning. I have a couple things. First, on the building business you mentioned some of your end markets, education, health care, etcetera. Have you seen any change in order activity or business activity with schools or other municipal customers that may have trouble with auction rates, securities markets, or maybe they have trouble getting financing?
Stephen A. Roell: Sure, let me, two things. Keith talked about our order rate and if you look at the order rate, which you would have found, Chris, was very strong order demand up from the K through 12, as well as local, state, and federal governments. Okay? When we look at our pipeline of information, which Ive referred to in the past, which is business network (inaudible) in the final stages, the largest growing sector right now is K through 12. Its up strong double digits. Each one of the government categories that Ive mentioned, state, local, and federal, are up double digit. Health care is up single digit, to give you some idea of the institutional base holding up well. Now, a month ago I probably would have expressed some concern about financing, but I would tell you that municipal issuance, whether you want to combine it with the auction prefer that used to be in there or not, was at the highest level since June of 2007 and probably at a level in March that was equal to the highest month in the last four years. So there was over $40 billion of municipal issuance. The auction rate, if you recall, is a relatively small portion of the total muni market, okay? So Im feeling better, particularly with what Ive seen here in the month of March.
Christopher Cerasso: Okay. Can you give us an update on your thinking with regard to commodities? Obviously youve had some big increases in the spot market in steel, resin, copper. Was there any change in your outlook for the impact on your results this year?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah, Ill take that one, Chris. Its Bruce. Were fairly well hedged out on a copper basis for the remainder of this year. Similarly with steel, we have contracts that sort of lock in most of our pricing at current levels. So for us the impact of commodities is not really a 2008 issue.
Christopher Cerasso: Okay. Recently there were some big steel suppliers talking about pushing through surcharges despite contracts. Is that affecting you at all?
R. Bruce McDonald: Not at this point in time.
Christopher Cerasso: Okay. One more maybe on the building business. The full-year revenue expectation plus 15%, youve been running well below that the first couple of quarters. Do you still think youre going to do 15% for the year?
R. Bruce McDonald: Chris, we expect to see some better growth out of building efficiency in the second half than the first half, but with the downturn that weve seen in the residential sector were probably going to fall a little bit short of that.
Christopher Cerasso: Okay. But the operating profit guidance is unchanged?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah, I think we feel pretty good about our ability to expand the margins and thats certainly what we talked about at the beginning of the year. Its a top line story, but its also a margin enhancement story and weve guided to where we see that businesss margin getting to 10% exclusive of Global Workplace Solutions and with the introduction of an acceleration of the BBP initiatives that Keiths talked about in that business. Were off to a great start in terms of attacking the cost base there.
Christopher Cerasso: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Himanshu Patel with J. P. Morgan, your line is open.
Himanshu Patel: Good morning, guys. Two questions. On the auto business, it looked like the revenue growth excluding FX in the European business was actually negative. What are some of the key models? I think you mentioned youve got some outgoing models there that are hitting that.
Keith E. Wandell: You know, I dont have those in front of me, Himanshu, but why dont we follow that, Glen or Denise can follow that up with you later on. I mean, its just basically a bunch of, we had a lot of launch activity sort of three or four years ago. Thats sort of coming to the end of its product life here. We had another big blob of launch activity coming in 2009-2010 area. We can give you some more specifics, but we just dont have it handy.
Stephen A. Roell: Yeah, I think what we did, Keith, I think when you went through it you did call off some of the models that were there. So I imagine theres a few more there. Those were the ones that we thought were the more significant ones. If you (inaudible) we talked about the BMW Mini, the X3, and I think the Ariva, the Fords, Kia, and Fiesta. Those are the ones we highlighted were the biggest downturn in terms of the market. Okay?
Himanshu Patel: Okay. And then on building efficiency youve got 11% revenue growth on reported revenues and I think 15% growth on the backlog. Can we get both of those numbers exclusive of FX?
R. Bruce McDonald: We dont have them for you right now, but we can certainly do that, Himanshu. Okay?
Himanshu Patel: Okay. And one related question on that. I think, Bruce, you mentioned that the third quarter would actually see an acceleration in building efficiency revenue because of the summer cooling season. Is that a year-over-year reference or sequential revenue growth reference?
R. Bruce McDonald: Year over year.
Himanshu Patel: Year over year. Okay. So, why 
Keith E. Wandell: Were very, as you know, the business is heavily skewed towards the summer cooling season. So Q3 is a big quarter for building efficiency and we feel good in terms of where we are with our backlog going in the quarter. We have a little bit more of an inventory build within building efficiency to support our equipment orders in Q3 so we expect the sequential year-over-year of growth improvement in building efficiency here in Q3.
Denise Zutz: And I would add, Himanshu, an additional dimension is weve won some new workplace solutions business and thats going to come on in the third quarter here. So I think were going to see, frankly, their growth in the second quarter wasnt as strong as it was in the first, but we expect to see that coming back. Weve always got that timing issue in terms of workplace solutions in terms of the timing of new contracts coming on and theyve got a very strong pipeline here. So theyre going to be a significant contributor to the higher rate of growth in the third quarter as will, we believe, our European business which is going to have a strong revenue quarter.
Stephen A. Roell: Sorry, this is Steve, I just had to say, I misquote you. We did provide, I think, the FX adjusted revenue number. I think, Bruce, you did provide that I think at 5% for BE.
Himanshu Patel: Five percent for BE. And Bruce, do you have that number for the backlog?
R. Bruce McDonald: That number I dont have.
Stephen A. Roell: Thats the one we didnt have. Okay?
Himanshu Patel: Okay. And can I just ask a small accounting issue? For the revenues you would use period average FX rates. For the backlog do you use period average or do you use period ending?
R. Bruce McDonald: We would use period ending.
Himanshu Patel: Okay. And then last question. On the cash flow it looks like payables were a lot less favourable than they were in the year-ago quarter and I think there was an adverse from change in other assets and liabilities as well. Can you give us a little bit more colour on whats going on there?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah, in terms of the, if I just sort of take the working capital change in the quarter in total I think were at use of about just a shade north of $160 million versus sources say $40 million. So theres about $200 million negative swing. A couple things Id point out. First of all, we are making some accelerated payments to support one of our customers in the automotive business thats in financial distress. So thats an issue that hit us here in the second quarter that should be resolved here before the end of the year. We have had a little bit higher build of inventory here in the second quarter than we did last year and thats really in supporting our growth in power solutions. Weve put in a little bit more inventory here to uplift our service levels in Europe. And were carrying Id say a little bit of an abnormally high level of junk batteries as well. Theres also an inventory build in BE where weve taken the footprint down in our equipment side of our business from say 35 to the low 20s from a manufacturing perspective. We do need to carry a little bit more inventory to bank as we go into the cooling season. And then lastly, the swing in other current assets and liabilities is really just some timing issues associated with the DAT collections for customer tooling recoveries. Theres a little bit of noise in our numbers last year with the divestment of Bristol that gave us a benefit last year. So those are the main things. I think the message here is from a working capital point of view we feel pretty comfortable that the use, Ill say, is behind us and working capital has turned into a source for us over the second half of the year. We will have a small outflow for the full year, but you should see that swing to a positive force here in the second half.
Himanshu Patel: Okay. Great. Thank you, guys.
Stephen A. Roell: Himanshu, if I could just for a second. I want to go back, you mentioned the impact of the FX. I talked about the pipeline and I gave some very general statements about the sectors, the segments for the markets that were doing well. Maybe just a comment that I should provide to the audience is that we do just track our North American construction and service figures. Thats where we have a lot, when I say pipeline, thats where we have a history that allows us to do that. So its really all North American based, US based. And in both our systems work, which is really our new construction, and in our service sector, which is a combination of primarily retrofit work, EC, both of those are up double digits versus a year ago. Theres not FX in either of those numbers when I talk about being up double digits. So were seeing good momentum and driven by the sectors that I described to you in both systems and services in North America.
Himanshu Patel: Bruce, Im sorry, Steve, some of the inbound leading indicators tied to non-res construction, Im sure youve seen the same data. Theyre clearly showing some softening and Im wondering, your institutional business, it looks like when you blend Heritage, ACI, and York together it looks like its sort of 50%, but the rest of it is not 50%. I mean, the rest of it is not institutional. Im just wondering, have you seen any softening on the other side of the business and is it just that the institutional side has actually strengthened to offset that?
Stephen A. Roell: Yeah, weve got more exposure on institutional to add it all up. But let me just go back to some of the leading indicators. I think its a good point. There was a big discussion, as youre aware, on the AIA data that talked about a big drop there. But institutional actually is at 54.9. So I mean, you can almost pick and choose what you want to look at. We have seen some softness in the manufacturing arena, but were just not exposed to that way. The biggest, you know, if you look at the data, thats the problem with the data. If you look at the biggest decline, or one of the biggest declines that took place on AIA data, it was multi-family residential. We need to consider that. Okay? Another thing that would fit with what we are seeing, Himanshu, is the inquiries for new projects. That score was 54.3. So were still, the data is bouncing a little bit too much to grab a hold of a lot right now. I think we want to see where this thing goes. But were seeing momentum, were seeing new projects, were seeing PC, which wouldnt show up any of this data.
Himanshu Patel: Im sorry for the multiple questions. I want to clarify one thing Bruce said. Bruce, I think on the last quarterly conference call you had suggested that building efficiency revenue growth would see some acceleration in the next quarter and it looks like, it was growing but it was at a comfortable growth rate of around 11%. Was the reason for that discrepancy what Denise mentioned, where some of the GWS orders got deferred into the back end of the year?
R. Bruce McDonald: I would say its more a question of the residential, the timing of some of our stocking of the pipeline in the residential space. That one we didnt see trending down. Our expectation going into the quarter was residential, would kind of be flattish versus last year, Himanshu. If you back that out we were at about 13% growth. I mean, the other factor that hit us negatively in residential was theres some product returns that flowed through associated with the US air conditioning changing over of our distribution in California last year. So the product was returned which depressed the revenue in that sector. But overall weve thought that wed be flat in there and sort of be in the 13-type range for the quarter.
Himanshu Patel: Great. Thank you.
Denise Zutz: Okay. Yeah, I think well go on to, Himanshu, we gotta go on to the next question.
Operator: Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank, your line is open.
Rod Lache: Good morning, everyone. A couple things that havent been asked. Do you have just some rough estimates for the regional organic growth in building efficiency? Just roughly?
Stephen A. Roell: I dont have that. We could probably go through it. Let us give you a call back with that. Were going to make sure you get that, okay?
Rod Lache: Okay. But it sounds like youre seeing still positive numbers in North America. Is that on an organic basis or is that incorrect?
Denise Zutz: Yeah, the growth in North America was double digits.
Rod Lache: Okay. Because you guys said that building efficiency overall was 5% excluding FX. So North America is actually exceeding the international?
Keith E. Wandell: You gotta remember, Rod, you got to take out that number. To Bruces point, the residential downturn. Okay?
R. Bruce McDonald: But I mean, I can tell you, if you just look at North America systems, which has no FX in it, is up 15%. Service excluding FX was up 8% or 9%. UPG, our unitary business was down 19%. GWS was up 10%. Europe was down 3%. The rest of the world was up 6%.
Rod Lache: Okay. And is that level of growth, I mean, it sounds like this is well in excess of the industry replacement cycle or energy efficiency drivers, those sorts of things, any way to kind of characterize how youre doing relative to the market at this point? Is it still York synergies is a big driver? What do you see in terms of relative performance?
Stephen A. Roell: I think its a number of things. I think the York synergies is part of it. I just think that its back to relationships. But I think weve always been strong in those institutional areas that I described to you. So I think the comparisons tough because I dont think we have a good, you know, who do you compare us to? Our makeup is much different than Carriere (sp) or Train and even Honeywell in that context. So I think its a function that weve got more of an inner, two things, weve got more institutional and, secondly, I think were a little more global than a couple of those competitors.
Rod Lache: Okay. And the operating margin improvement, the 70 basis points. Thats basically all SG&A as a percentage of sales and quite a big improvement on a year-over-year basis versus what you have been seeing, even in the first quarter. Can you just give us any colour on how we should be thinking about that going forward? is this sort of magnitude of improvement something thats sustainable?
Stephen A. Roell: Youre going to see it flatten out. I mean, Rod, if you sort of look at the detail in Q1 and Q2, I mean, we had pretty good comparisons particularly the North American automotive. So that, if you recall last year, roughly speaking we lost $50 million in Q1, we broke even in Q2, and we made sort of $100 million in the second half. Big picture there. The second half comparisons in North America are flatter than weve had the first half of the year.
Rod Lache: Okay. And just my last question is relative to the automotive business and what youre seeing in terms of your suppliers. Theres been more discussion amongst the tier one guys about the health of the tier twos, particularly with the strike and the downturn in production. How big an issue is this for you this year? How are you monitoring that?
Keith E. Wandell: This is Keith. You know, it hasnt really been a significant issue for us. I mean, clearly, you know, and particularly in North America, I would characterize the supply base is generally distressed, obviously. But you know, we monitor that very closely. We have an organization within our purchasing group that really monitors the financial health of all of our suppliers and so we remain very close to them. Weve also over time sort of tried to consolidate our supply base so that were really being more selective in who were having supply us. So I think in general its an issue that were aware of and were watching very closely, but it hasnt had a major impact.
Rod Lache: Is it safe to say that this level of cost savings that youre seeing the auto business has been pretty strong? A lot of that is more kind of internally generated, shifting engineering to low cost markets, things like that, as opposed to taking savings from suppliers at this point?
Keith E. Wandell: Absolutely. Make no mistake about it, we have goals just like everybody else does in terms of our procurement costs, but thats the majority of the improvement that youre seeing is being driven internally through the initiatives that I referred to earlier.
R. Bruce McDonald: I would also maybe add to that, if you think about our big suppliers, with our level of vertical integration, its the steel mills, its the chemical companies, and theyre not in financial distress. Far from it.
Rod Lache: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Jonathan Steinmetz with Morgan Stanley, your line is open.
Jonathan Steinmetz: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Can you hear me?
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, we can, Jonathan. Youre fine.
Jonathan Steinmetz: Okay. A few follow ups. First of all on the cash flow. Are you still standing by your $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion full-year free cash flow number and if you could talk maybe a little bit more, I assume you were referring to Plastech just about how much money is sort of trapped there and if you think it really unwinds by year end.
Keith E. Wandell: Sure. First of all, yes, we are still standing by our free cash flow guidance for the year. Okay? Secondly, with respect to Plastech, its probably worth about $50 million in terms of us paying us and the other customers paying on pretty much COD, I would say. Pretty much COD. Certainly within a week. That we do expect to see a resolution to the situation here in the second half of the year. And that money will flow back for us.
Jonathan Steinmetz: Okay. And in terms of the commodities, you talked about being hedged through 2008 and I know youll do your full guidance in October for 2009, but do we have a margin issue? In other words, do you think youre getting enough pricing from what youre seeing real time when those hedges unwind to compensate or is this an ongoing issue going forward?
Stephen A. Roell: Jonathan, I think your point is a little bit too early to interject that. We really need to have a lot of discussion with our customers and just see how this thing plays out. But I mean, its only been out there for about six, maybe six weeks. Were aware of it and well be engaging with our customers as we go into the latter part of 2008 regarding 2009 pricing, okay?
Jonathan Steinmetz: Okay. And what was the EPS or EBIDT effect for currency translation?
R. Bruce McDonald: Versus the last year?
Jonathan Steinmetz: Versus past quarter, yeah, a year ago.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah, Id say $0.04 to $0.05 on that.
Denise Zutz: Oh, Im sorry. Yeah.
Jonathan Steinmetz: Okay. And lastly, theres been some articles being Ford taking some of the seat engineering back in-house, or I think it was Jeep trying something in terms of seats out of India. Can you just comment in general whether youre seeing in North America any type of shift to sort of more in-sourcing of seat engineering and design and/or production eventually and whether you think theres any ramification? Or is there just a wasp being made out of a few small examples?
Stephen A. Roell: Well, first of all the general answer to that is no. We dont really see a move toward seat in-sourcing. To talk about Ford specifically, this was really an initiative that they undertook about 2.5 to 3 years ago and really it was, I think it was, and this is just my view of it, but it was really sort of doing sort of the Toyota model, if you will. If you think about what Toyota does and they have what is Arocco (sp) now Boshuku (sp) whos sort of their internally, if you will, control model and then they outsource the majority of the work then to best in class suppliers in the world, whether its seats or whatever it might be. I think Ford really felt like as they had outsourced all their seat engineering they might have given up a little bit too much in terms of internal knowledge and capabilities, so they did in-source the seat structures and seats on the F-Class product, which is really only built in North America. But what we see Ford doing now in the B-Class, the C-Class, and the C- and D-Platforms is really outsourcing all the structures, tracks, seats on a global basis. We are the recipient of a lot of that business. If you think about the Fiesta, the V-Class thats launching in Europe in June and then in Asia in October, you know, we have the complete seats for that metal, structures, trim, foam, etcetera, in negotiations for North America today. So I think at the end of the day we will be at least neutral if not positive on the revenues being generated in the seating business at Ford. You know, the other thing you mentioned with Chrysler getting seats out of India, I mean, we really have no comment on that. Well just see how that goes.
Jonathan Steinmetz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Brian Johnson with Lehman Brothers, your line is open.
Brian Johnson: Thank you. On the service pie chart on page five, could you break down within the pie retrofit product from service-service.
Denise Zutz: Yeah, we certainly can, Brian, but lets give you a call back. We dont have that number immediately available to us.
Brian Johnson: Okay.
Stephen A. Roell: Yeah, the (inaudible), Brian, are going to be GWS and the ongoing service business. Our on-call and our scheduled service will be the two largest parts of that pie by far.
Brian Johnson: Okay. And maybe just some colour on the retrofit business. Does it all come from GWS or their replacement air conditioner units that you dont put in new construction but are retrofit product?
Stephen A. Roell: Well, its not from GWS. GWS has some pull through, but it wouldnt even show up on a piece of paper, okay? In this context. The retrofit, a lot of the retrofit is what used to be in our old controls business. Because really when we go in theres a building expansion and we change out the building controls and some of the work associated with that. Then there is replacement, of course, for the equipment side. But thats not unusual. I mean, the equipment side is a long life, as you know. So youre talking about 15, 20, 25 year replacement cycles on some of that. So most of the retrofit that youre seeing is the old controls business that we had for years and years. The other piece is there are a lot of reasons why people make retrofits to improve their energy efficiency and change out their equipment for that purpose alone.
Brian Johnson: Is it possible maybe when we follow up to track the retrofit, the air conditioner dive, and the service life from retrofit good business case for energy management?
Stephen A. Roell: Im sorry, Brian, Im not sure I understood that.
Brian Johnson: Do you have a sense of how much of the retrofit is end-of-service life versus mid-service life payback for saving energy and putting in a new HVAC?
Stephen A. Roell: Id be afraid to give you a number. I could be wrong on that. Id guess most of it is at this point in time upgrades of equipment or expansion as opposed to energy. I think we really havent felt the primary benefit from a major energy retrofit yet. Thats still coming, I believe.
Brian Johnson: And then last question. Around the retrofit business, is there a financing partner or set of partners you work with and any kind of change on the horizon in terms of whether landlords can get or building owners can get those projects financed?
Stephen A. Roell: Well, most of our finance, lets go back. Most of the financing we providing is to schools. Actually we provide, we have a third party. Its a very large commercial bank that you would feel very comfortable with. So thats not an issue. In terms of the financing associated with the rest of it, I was pleased with whats taking place in the muni market and were going to have to watch the smaller customers. I mean, I dont have a good window other than the fact that we continue to see good growth in smaller projects.
Brian Johnson: Okay. Thanks. Well follow up on some of this.
Operator: Ted Wheeler with Buckingham Research, your line is open.
Ted Wheeler: Thank you. Good morning. Just a couple quick things. You talked about the quote pipeline systems North America up double digit. I dont want to get too granular, but do you think March is hold, is March experience similar to the average of the quarter?
Stephen A. Roell: Is the March?
Ted Wheeler: Well, is the momentum through the quarter consistent? Or did you see a change March on that quote pipeline that you saw?
Stephen A. Roell: Well, we saw, Im going to separate the systems versus the service. I dont think there was anything, Ted, let me go back. There wasnt anything that I saw unusual in March in the systems side. The momentum was pretty stable throughout the quarter. There was a pick up at the end of the quarter on departments contracting.
Ted Wheeler: Okay. I was kind of just probing on the systems side. Thank you. You talked also about some carbon footprint measurement issues coming in. Is that a big deal? I mean, is that a big market?
Stephen A. Roell: Well, I think it is. Its going to be huge. Because I think that most of the corporation, we being one of them, have made a commitment to the EPA to reduce our carbon emissions and greenhouse gas emissions by 2012. So I think companies are looking at what they can do and certainly the building side of this is critical. Manufacturing processes is one that were going after in our space, but Ted, thats what companies are going to be talking about. Theyre making commitments certainly on a national basis and I think on a global basis.
Ted Wheeler: Well, if you were to have a service contract, I guess it would come through or would it be equipment or maybe both, but would it add a couple percent, 10% to an order to achieve that measurement?
Stephen A. Roell: I dont think its an order. I think its why they do it. I think if you go back to say why would somebody do a lighting retrofit? That would be the reason why they would do a job.
Ted Wheeler: I gotcha. Okay. Well, do you think we could get a 
Denise Zutz: I mean, again, Ted, just for a perspective, generally speaking you reduce your carbon footprint, you reduce your cost at the same time. So those objectives are perfectly aligned.
Ted Wheeler: Oh, yeah, yeah. Im just trying to get a sense of how big an opportunity it is for you. I guess 
Denise Zutz: Well, I think as always its difficult to tell. I mean, certainly everybody talks about it now. You know, we do an annual survey now with people in the market and clearly year over year the percentage of building owners saying theyre really focusing on this issue has increased. So everybodys fixated on it, I think, speaking domestically. Building owners really havent experienced the increased in their total utility costs the way theyre about to. Last year its been primarily about oil and oil really isnt a primary fuel when it comes to a building space. Its more about electricity and natural gas. So you really cant, its difficult for us to really separate the market drivers and how theyre distinguished around the need to reduce or minimize operating costs versus doing the right thing from the environmental and from the GHG standpoint from, I would add, people simply needing improved quality in terms of their indoor environments as well as demand being created by simply changes in the way people are using their buildings. I mean, frankly, year after year after year its part of the consistency and stability in this business in this market. People just want to be comfortable, as well as the fact that every time you change how youre using a building you add or move people around that causes discomfort and people have to reinvest their building. Okay, operator, I think we have time for one more question. Thank you, Ted.
Ted Wheeler: All right.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Patrick Archibald with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Patrick Archibald: Hi. Can you hear me?
Stephen A. Roell: Yeah, we can, Patrick.
Patrick Archibald: Yeah, just wanted to get an update on acquisitions coming out of your analyst day last year. You guys had some dry powder and the intention to use it in a couple of your business segments. We havent seen much yet. Is that a financing issue or are there other issues that have maybe pushed back some of those initiatives?
Stephen A. Roell: I dont think its so much a finance issue. I think weve had a lot of discussion. Some transactions we would like to do are just not available to us right now. Some are in the midst of discussions. But were consistent with what we have described here in terms of our areas of interest. But its not for lack of trying, Patrick. We just have not been able to, were probably pretty selective, number one, and number two, I think were just being very disciplined in terms of how we go through the process and in some cases are taking longer than what we would have expected.
Patrick Archibald: And can I just get a sense again, just a refresher, of where you guys were thinking of adding capacity or was it just kind of across the board?
Stephen A. Roell: Just across all three businesses. In automotive it was tied around electronics, some adjacent markets. in power solutions it was geographic growth in Asia and some vertical integration. And in the building efficiencies side it was really a surge of things. It was running our product portfolio and mechanical service (inaudible) markets.
Patrick Archibald: Okay. Thanks. I guess one last one. You increased your revenue outlook by about a billion, but your EPS forecasts or projections are unchanged. Was that mostly cost related or FX related?
R. Bruce McDonald: Ill take that one, Patrick. Its a couple things. Weve clearly got a worse outlook for residential than we had before, but thats just not going to deliver a bottom line that we had anticipated. Secondly, we are being adversely impacted with the production interruptions here in North America. Our outlook is that that might get settled out here towards the middle of this quarter and we have not factored in, Ill say, inventories running down or there being an acceleration in that production in the fourth quarter. Which I suppose could happen, but at this point in time thats not what were seeing and thats not what were anticipating.
Patrick Archibald: Okay. Gotcha. All right. Thanks, guys. Thats all I had.
Denise Zutz: Okay. And thank you very much. And we appreciate everyone joining us. If you have further questions please give us a call. And again, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude todays conference call. You may disconnect at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-01-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by.  At this time all participants are in listen-only mode.  (Operator Instructions)  I will now turn the meeting over to Ms. Denise Zutz.  You may begin.
Denise Zutz: Thank you and good morning everyone.  Welcome to our conference call on our financial results for our first quarter of fiscal 2008.  Joining me on the call this morning is Steve Roell, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.  Steve is going to have some overview comments for you.  Keith Wandell is also on the call.  Keith is our President and Chief Operating Officer.  He is going to be reviewing our financial results for the quarter for each of our three businesses.  And then Bruce McDonald, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will conclude our comments with some consolidated, as well as, some business financial highlights. We will then be pleased to take your questions as usual.  And we do have available about 60 minutes for the call today. Before we begin and I turn this call over to Steve, I do need to remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements during the call pertaining to our financial results for fiscal 2008 and beyond that are based on preliminary data that are subject to risks and uncertainties.  All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking, and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates, or forecasts. For those statements, the company cautions that numerous important factors such as automotive production levels and schedules, energy prices, the ability to mitigate the impact of raw material costs, the strength of the US or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellation of commercial contracts, changes to domestic and foreign tax rates, as well as other factors discussed in our most recent form 10-K, dated November 29 of last year, could affect the companys actual results.  And could cause our consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement may by or on behalf of the company. And now, Steve.
Stephen A. Roell: Okay, thanks Denise.  Good morning everyone.  Just a few comments first about the quarter on a consolidated basis, first of all we were very pleased with our results.  All three of our business units performed, had strong performance in the quarter.  And in line with what we expected coming into the period. Our consolidated sales were up 16% to a record $9.5 billion.  Some markets were strong, some were challenging.  But in terms of the market themselves, pretty much in line, again, with the market conditions that we expected in the quarter. Segment income was up 25% to $374 million.  And our income from continuing operations was a record $235 million.  Which then resulted in an earnings per diluted share of $0.39 compared to $0.28 a year ago in the quarter, up 39%. On this call I know that our management team and a number of employees around the world are listening.  And we would just like to thank them for their contributions to our success in the period. I just wanted to talk a little bit more about the business environment.  And first talking about our automotive experience group, as we look at the industry of North American production, our outlook has been revised downward from what it was at the time that we met with the analysts back in October.  We now are projecting and our plan is based on $14 million.  Again I would like to remind you that is for our fiscal year that ended in September. European production, we see it unchanged from what we guided to in our meeting in October.  We are seeing some strengthening in Eastern Europe, which is offsetting just a slight weakening in Western Europe.  Emerging markets are strong, and we expect them to stay strong for our fiscal year. Power solutions, the only thing that I can say there is that I think the replacement market demand is stable globally.  Certainly in the US we have seen weather conditions be very supportive of our demand in the month of December, early January. Building efficiency, international construction markets remain robust.  What I am referring to there is we are seeing continued growth in China, the Middle East, South America, aided by industrial refrigeration.  And so the international markets are good for us, the [inaudible] of North American construction we do see a slight slow-down.  Im sure that I will get a chance to talk more about that later in the call. But as we indicated going into this year, the strength in our primary sectors, healthcare, education, and government continue to be supported by the industry and economist forecasters.  So we feel good about what the industry expectation is. The non-residential market, as we indicated coming into this year, we dont expect a recovery in 2008, not until 2009.  And if anything, in the quarter it was probably softer than what we expected from an industry standpoint. On the commodity front, we are seeing increases in energy prices on global basis.  We are seeing modest increases in petrol based chemicals such as resin, and chemicals that we use in our foam plants. We are seeing an increase in logistic costs tied to fuel.  And that has been bouncing up and down.  I know that oil is down again today and there is speculation that gasoline prices will decline, but in general we are seeing upward pressure on our logistics.  Offsetting that is of course the fact that higher energy cost do provide us with opportunities in our energy efficiency group. And we of course see increased demand and discussion around hybrid technology.  I know that many of you were at the Detroit auto show and you had to be impressed by the number of hybrid vehicles that were being showcased at that event. Lead was very volatile in the quarter.  In the middle of the quarter it spiked to the highest that we have seen in a long time, probably 25-30% above our plan.  But then it came down very quickly and at the end of the period actually was well within the original [substance] that we provided to you. Turning specifically to then our view of our budgets to sustain our profitable growth, a couple of highlights for you, first of all we continue to see significant growth opportunities in each of our businesses. We continue to invest in innovation.  And again, I saw many of you at the North American auto show where we showcased over 50 new innovations.  We will have over 3000 of our customers, employees, and professionals go through our booth by the end of this week. We continue to benefit from strong customer focus and relationships that we enjoy.  I think our account management processes are very strong in terms of the disciplines that we use.  Strength, and our presence in the international markets is certainly a plus for us, and the whole theme around sustainability, and our strength in terms of providing energy conservation solutions to our customers is certainly at a growth opportunity for us. For a long time we have talked about the importance of diversification in the context of both business, our geographic base, and our customer mix.  And that clearly continues to be what makes us different.  As we enter this year, we told you that almost 50% of our earnings would come from building efficiency.  And if you look at our geographic diversification, those of you that have the graphs, charts that we are using on the right-hand side, you will see that we have a good diverse base relative to the North American and European market. We continue to have a mix which is supported by our retrofit and service business, and building efficiency.  And our solutions group, just to remind you, over 80% of our revenue is assigned to the aftermarket. Probably the most important thing though is in a market like this, there is a fair sense of uncertainty.  You can certainly sense that the continuous improvement culture that we have at Johnson Controls is critical to us.  It allows us to respond to changes in those markets as well. As Bruce will describe to you later, Im sure that we also benefit from the strength of our balance sheet, which allows us to continue to invest, continue to drive our footprint, make investments that reduce our costs, and also support our growth objectives. This morning in the press release, we also reaffirmed our guidance that we provided back in October 9th of 2007.  Which called for sales growth of 10% to$38 billion, and this will represent our 62nd consecutive year of record sales. A couple of the key assumptions that I have already mentioned to you that we are assuming that the North American vehicle production will be lower than what we assumed coming into the period.  And the residential construction market is slightly weaker. Our offsets has clearly been our grow-to-gain share and continue to improve in our cost base and take cost out of the business, while at the same time not really impacting the investments that we need to insure the continued growth. Our earnings growth of 18% is still intact.  We are looking for $2.45 to $2.50 per year, which would represent our 18th consecutive sales year of earnings growth.  And we are still projecting that our free cash flow for fiscal 2008 will be between $1.1 billion and $1.3 billion. So with that I am going to turn it over to Keith, who will talk to us about each of the businesses, Keith.
Keith E. Wandell: Okay, thank you, Steve.  Id like to just walk through each of the three businesses here, hopefully and just give some comparisons first quarter 07 to 08.  And then talk about some of the highlights in the quarter for each one of those businesses. Starting with building efficiency, our net sales quarter-to-quarter were up 11% from $2.9 billion to $3.2 billion.  We enjoyed double-digit increases in our North American systems and services, as well as global workplace solutions businesses. As Steve mentioned, the North American residential was down about 21%.  Segment income was up 33% from $123 million to $163 million on higher volume, and cost structure improvements that more than offset our investments in growth. And our commercial backlog was up 13% to $4.4 billion with double-digit growth in North America, Europe and the rest of the world, and a higher pipeline in both healthcare, higher education, and the government vertical markets. Some of the highlights in the quarter were that we did gain market share globally specifically in our HVAC equipment, where we had particular strength in the small tonnage chillers in North America and Asia.  We had strong growth for our large tonnage chillers in Asia and especially China. Our technical services business, we had double-digit increases in North America, Europe, and Asia.  And we mentioned residential, and although it is a down market we did gain share, primarily as a result of our increased relationship with the largest residential HVAC dealer in the United States, US Air. In the quarter we also completed an acquisition of an HVAC equipment manufacturer in Canada, which will help us to build and fill out some of our product offerings in the mid-market.  And we concluded two acquisitions of local mechanical service companies, which give us new market share in specific geographic regions. The building industrys largest trade show, ASHRAE is going to be held next week in New York.  And we are going to be introducing both new rooftop units as well as new residential HVAC systems that are more energy efficient.  So we will really showcase our whole theme around energy conservation and sustainability to more than 20,000 potential customers who will be attending that show. Additionally in the quarter, we won a $7 million contract for controls and HVAC equipment at two hospitals, one new construction and the other a major retrofit.  And the reason I bring this up is because it is an example of our customer demand for our one-stop shop offering as we see the benefits from the combination of both the mechanical equipment and the software.  And it has enabled us, in this case, to displace the customers long-time preferred HVAC equipment provider.  We also had several wins in our global workplace solutions business in the quarter, including a new contract with OfficeMax for over 900 locations throughout North America Looking at our power solutions business, net sales were up 55% from $1.1 billion to $1.7 billion.  Really higher unit prices driven by the pass-throughs on lead, and Steve mentioned that lead was volatile in the quarter.  Was actually averages at around $3350 for the quarter and excluding the lead impact, sales were actually up 18%? The replacement market globally was stable as Steve mentioned.  Relatively flat in the original equipment market, we were able to see some significant share gains.  Segment income was actually down 6% from $142 million to $133 million.  But last year in the first quarter in 2007 we had a one-time benefit of $11 million, which did not reoccur in the first quarter of this year. Lead was really neutral in the quarter.  We continued to invest in our hybrid technology as Steve mentioned.  And our underlying business performance continues to improve in that business.  We expanded our Volkswagen relationship in Europe in batteries. Weve PowerFramed the technology that we have introduced in North America which has really allowed us to differentiate our product from both the quality and the cost in life perspective has now been rolled out and is being rolled out in Europe, and is on track. We have announced some non-lead price increases to recover higher commodity cost such as sulfuric acid, and polypropylene.  And then in relationship to our hybrid batteries, weve been awarded contracts for both Chery and SAIC in China.  And our new factory in Nersac, France has just recently opened. When we look at our automotive experience business, net sales were up 9% for the quarter from $4.2 billion to $4.6 billion.  North America was up 5%, with higher volumes in the GM Lambda, the Toyota Tundra, the Chrysler Voyager and Caravan, the Ford Edge and the F250/350, as well as the Honda Accord.  Sales were up 14% in Europe, specifically with the Kia Ceed, Fiat 500 and the Ford Freelander.  And our unconsolidated sales in China were up 43%. Segment income in automotive was up 123% from $35 million to $78 million.  And North America was profitable in Q1 of 08 versus a loss that we experienced in Q1 of 07.  We have seen in the quarter significant new orders for our react headrest systems business and innovation that we developed which is really an anti-whiplash head-like headrest system.  We continue to win new orders.  With that particular innovation, as a matter of fact, 10 out of 13 automotive companies think our technology best in class in that particular innovation. Weve won new electronics business with Ford, Nissan, and Volkswagen, particular for our instrument cluster technology.  And we expect this business to continue to grow.  We continue to gain share in Europe with both Peugeot and Volkswagen. And as Steve mentioned, over 3000 customers have viewed this week our technologies at the 2008 Detroit auto show.  We showed more than 50 new innovations that were on display and we have had very, very positive customer responses. A year ago this past October, we also announced the formation of joint ventures with Chery in China.  We continued to make the investment in those joint ventures to insure that the launches next year will be on track and we expect that to happen as we planned. And lastly I would like to just say that, and Steve already mentioned it as well, we just continue to really focus on cost and quality improvements in all three of our businesses.  And I think that it really shows very well in our automotive business the improvements that we have been able to make year-over-year. With that, I would like to turn it over to Bruce who will go through some of the financials.
R. Bruce McDonald: Okay, thank you, Keith.  Turning to slide ten, as we have already mentioned our first quarter results were another record and represent an excellent start to the 2008 fiscal year with the earnings coming in about $0.02 better than the top end of the guidance that we provided last October. Really reflecting both our business diversification, our geographic diversification, and the successful implementation of many of our growth strategies, sales were up to $9.5 billion, or 16% increase versus the prior year.  If we exclude the impact of foreign exchange, which was a significant benefit to us in the quarter, our underlying sales growth was up and is still in front with 90%. We are pleased to see, as Keith talked about, building efficiency sales up 11% reflecting the implementation of our growth strategies, and importantly our exposure to several high-growth international markets. Power solutions was up 55% so exclusive of lead price pass-throughs that was 18% as compared to 2007.  And lastly in automotive, we saw sales up 9%, although once we back out foreign exchange, sales were up about 2%.  And that really needs to be looked at in the context of a quarter where North American production volumes were up 1%, and European production was up an estimated 5%. Look at our gross profit line we saw an increase to 13.8% from 13.1% in the previous year.  And as we have talked about in the last few quarters, net material economics is not really a significant factor on a year-over-year basis.  We have a little bit of head wind but it is not a significant factor for us.  And that is really because of the commodity hedging program is helping to insulate our short-term earnings from the run-up in commodity cost, and what I am really talking about there is lead.  So we have hedged away all of the short-term exposure through financial derivatives. Turning next to SG&A, about $950 million in the quarter, up about 18%, for the quarter that increase is due to foreign exchange and the balance is attributable to investments that were making in key growth initiatives, our global expansion, and increasing our investment in some of our innovation activities across each of the three businesses. Turning to equity income, you will see about $17 million in the quarter.  And as we have talked about in previous quarters that has sort of been trending down versus the year-over-year comparison.  We look at sort of the $12 million reduction that we saw this quarter, its really attributable to higher engineering costs; and the North American automotive joint venture, and the specific North American joint venture that supplied the transplant customer; higher expenditures in our hybrid battery joint venture with Saft, and the initial acquisition; accounting charges in the US Air Conditioning joint venture that Keith talked about earlier. If we look at our underlying equity earnings from our businesses in China, they are essentially flat with improved profitability our mature joint venture offsetting the startup costs in the six new joint ventures that we have versus this point in time last year. Starting in Q2 we are going to see that trend reverse, so in the balance of the year you will see higher equity income in a year-over-year basis.  Our overall segment income, as Steve talked about, is 25%.  And importantly for me, we saw our margins grow about 20 basis points and thats a theme that we will see again for the balance of this year. Turning to slide eleven, talk about financing charges, flat year-over-year.  Really the story here is higher interest rate on a year-over-year basis are more than basically offsetting the impact of lower net borrowing levels. For the quarter, our tax rate was 21%, exactly in line with our guidance, but below the 23% rate that we had in Q1 of last year.  Again, continuing the trend that we have seen in the last few quarters we are experiencing a short-term decline in the earnings in our unconsolidated joint ventures and so we have a lower minority interest deduction here.  And that is really related to the non-recurring charges in a couple of our European components joint ventures and lower levels of profitability in a few power solution entities where we have got some lags in recovery of lead. Earnings per share of $0.39 represent a record for us and up a very respectable 39% versus the prior year.  Flat when you look to the outlook, and as Steve referred to earlier, we are reconfirming our full year guidance so I am just going to talk about the second quarter. A little bit of detail here, for Q2 we are forecasting earnings of $0.46 to $0.48 a share, an underlying improvement of about 24-30% on sales of about $9.4 billion.  I guess that I would like to note that in Q2 of last year we reported some non-recurring tax benefits of about $0.06 and a $0.01 benefit from the Q in a reduction of our effective tax rate to 21%.  So the year-over-year comparable number for 2007 was $0.37 per share, so going from $0.37 to a range of last year to the $0.46 to $0.48 this year. We expect to see each of our three businesses report earnings growth in the second quarter, and building efficiency is really driven by top line growth.  And we expect margin expansion to continue in that business.  In power solutions, its really our strong earnings growth that is going to be really driven by slightly higher volumes but more importantly improvements in our cost base. And then in automotive, our turnaround in the North American business is gathering momentum despite the difficult conditions, and we expect to see that as we carry on to into the second quarter and beyond.  Europe continues to perform very well for us, and for the balance of 2008 we expect to begin to report sequential improvement in the profitability of our Asian business. So with that I will turn it back over to Denise.
Denise Zutz: Thank you, Bruce.  And actually, Robin, if you could open the line for questions we would appreciate it.  Thank you.
Operator: Thank you.  We will now begin the question and answer session.  (Operator Instructions)  Chris Ceraso your line is open.  Please state your company name.
Christopher Ceraso: Thanks, Credit Suisse.  Can you hear me okay guys?
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, we can Chris.
Christopher Ceraso: Okay, first question is on the growth in the building business at 11%, I think that I remember that you said for the full year you were looking 15%, Bruce, is that right?  And then if it is, why was Q1 weaker than that and should we expect it to be better for the balance of the year and why?
R. Bruce McDonald: Ill take that one, Chris its Bruce here.  If you look at our Q1, our building efficiency revenues came in at about exactly in line with where we were planning.  Were sticking to the 15% full year target that we gave you and we are very comfortable that beginning in Q2 and Q3, and Q4 you will see numbers of at least 15% coming through.
Stephen A. Roell: I think that one thing that I could add to that, Bruce, is the fact that if you were to extract the residential decline and in particular the weakness in this quarter, our segment growth was up close to 14%, Chris.  And so we dont expect to see those same, I mean it is going to improve and this is a tougher quarter for the industry in terms of cost.  So I think that we wont have that level of drag on the non-residential or from the residential piece, okay.
Christopher Ceraso: Okay and I think that you just answered the next part which is the comparisons.  Is that why Q2, 3, 4 it gets better.  Not because revenue gets better, but because the cost is easier.
Stephen A. Roell: It gets better but certainly against the first fiscal quarter that we just had, okay.  Its part of the seasonal as well.
Christopher Ceraso: Okay, on the flip side it looked like the margin was a little better than we thought in the building business.  Was there anything special or favorable about the mix in the quarter?
R. Bruce McDonald: Nothing that I would call of note.
Stephen A. Roell: I would say that as we look at the business that we are booking, we are booking at a higher profitability than last year.  So that will probably answer the question regarding any pressure from a cost standpoint or pricing standpoint in the industry.  We dont see it right now.
Christopher Ceraso: Okay, youve cut your expectations for North America build, but overall your guidance is the same.  Where are you making it up?
R. Bruce McDonald: A little bit in exchange, Chris, I think that in our guidance last year that we gave, we assumed year of about 135, and we are currently tracking a little bit ahead of that.
Christopher Ceraso: Okay, and then the last one, on the resins do you have any kind of protection or hedging there or any kind of pass-throughs?  Or what is the risk there for the margin in the auto business from resins this year?
R. Bruce McDonald: We dont hedge resin because there is not an economic product.  We do have some longer-term, like Ill say multi-quarter prices locked in terms with our suppliers.  And generally speaking the past passing through resin prices in the OE side is generally pretty difficult.
Christopher Ceraso: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: And thank you.  Our next question comes from Himanshu Patel.  Your line is open, state your company name.
Himanshu Patel: Himanshu Patel calling from JP Morgan, I wanted to just ask a question on building efficiency because I think Bruce you mentioned that in Q2 and Q3 we should see the growth rate reaccelerate to 15%.  Is that all because of the cost or are you actually seeing some sequential strengthening as well in the underlying business.
R. Bruce McDonald: Its a combination of both, Himanshu.  Its not just the favorable cost on the residential side.  The business is accelerating.
Stephen A. Roell: Himanshu let me give you some information here, okay.  But let me give you if I could two external points of reference and I will talk specifically about what we are seeing, okay.  Dodge puts out their data in October and we didnt have that at the time that we talked to you, okay.  But we have talked to them.  We have seen the data now.  We have subsequently talked to their economist in December, and what they are projecting is that the education market for new construction building up 7%.  And they are also expecting, as we would expect, healthcare to be flat to slightly up.  And then confirming what we thought, which was softness was primarily going to be confined to the retail, the hotel or lodging industry, and some extent industrial. But it is interesting to me, yesterday or two days ago I guess, the American Institute of Architects went out and they have a forecast that they put together that is made up of a panel of seven different forecasters in the new construction industry in North America.  And that forecast for 08, they indicated that they though healthcare would be up almost 6%, education would be up 5.5%, that office would be up 1.7%, and the softness would be declined to retail and industrial.  Now that is two industry sources, okay. Now let me go back, when Keith went through his description of our backlog we talked about being up 13%.  And again just to back that, it is up in every one of our geographic segments.  We have what is known as a pipeline.  I think that I have talked to some of you in the past about the fact that we look at our quoting activity, and when we look at our quoting activity across various segments, whether it would be in the K-12, or the healthcare, we see upward momentum, double-digit levels in those categories.  And that is consistent with what we have said. And we also see the double-digit growth in our solutions business, and in our retrofit activity.  The part that may be surprising to you is that we are seeing good strength in the government sectors.  We are seeing good growth yet in office.  So that is the part that we are saying at this stage we are cautiously optimistic because our data is supporting the fact that we are seeing good quoting activity. And when I say quoting that is the work that we are bidding on which will turn into an order over the next three to six month timeframe.  And in addition to again what we have been concerned about is whether or not we were seeing a push-up in awards.  I know that somebody had asked that question of us, and you get anecdotal data that says that Yes, this job got delayed, this one got deferred.  But our index of our total pipeline would indicate that in the October through December timeframe, that there was very little that the re-estimating   in terms of when the awards would take place was at very much at historical norms. So that is the data that we have that we are banking on, and it is the best that I can give to you.  And like I said, I think that the term is probably cautiously optimistic.  We continue to invest in our sales force, and thats critical to us as well.  So hopefully that answers some of the question.
Himanshu Patel: Okay, separate question, did I hear someone say that battery revenues excluding lead were up 18% in the quarter?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes.
Himanshu Patel: Can you give a little bit more color on that, Bruce, like where was that?  Was that on the Volkswagen OEM business that you mentioned?
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, there is an exchange in there as well, Himanshu.  I think if you strip out lead and you strip out the impact of foreign exchange, Im trying to find that number but I think that it is in the 4-5% range.
Himanshu Patel: Okay.  Thats fine.  Then two housekeeping questions, could you quantify, Bruce, what the accounting charge was for the US Air Conditioning acquisition that you took through the numbers.  And I think that you also mentioned there was a non-recurring charge that affected your minority interest in some of your European component JVs.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, the two of them combined were $7 million or $8 million.
Himanshu Patel: Pretax?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes.
Himanshu Patel: Okay great, thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you, your next question is from Rich Kwas, please state your company name.
Rich Kwas: Wachovia, good morning, everyone. Could you comment on the change to 14 million  units from 14.28, I assume the biggest chunk of that is coming out of trucks. Is there any disproportionate change between manufacturers or for model types or segment types that stood out to you?
Steve Roell: Sure, yes, probably rather than going by segment, let me just go back differently. If you recall Chrysler announced the fact that they were discontinuing a number of models, and also cutting shifts. Over half of that from an industry standpoint, in our fiscal year, is tied to the Chrysler changes of both schedule and their models. Then after then I would say its pretty well distributed across a number of OEs. Thats the best I can do, Rich. Just focus on the Chrysler piece, that would be the biggest piece by far.
Rich Kwas: Okay, then the middle market for billing efficiency, I know thats an opportunity for you. What are your expectations for market share mid-market for fiscal 2008, if you wouldnt mind sharing kind of your initial thoughts for fiscal 09.
Steve Roell: Let me try something, then Im going to flip it over to Bruce here, okay? I think that right now our primary focus is going to be looking at how we can expand our product offering in that space. As you recall, we talked about that at the October meeting, that one of our areas of M&A was going to be in that product segment. Why dont I flip it to Bruce now and let him talk a little bit about what that means.
Bruce McDonald: I think, Rich, first of all, this is a long-term strategy thats going to take a long time to play out. Therere a few different tacks. First of all, we have some internal work to do to clinch some of our products, our equipment to get more lower price points so we can be more competitive in that market. Weve talked about some of the things that were doing in terms of footprint and some product inter-relation to do that. Secondly, in that space we need to have factory-centered controls. We need to develop a lower cost control that we can fit in the factory. Those are nearly finished and will be rolling across our products in the next couple of quarters. Were really starting off with a positions where weve done the comp work on the product, and weve done the work in terms of developing the controls. Were just getting to the point where were able to launch those into the marketplace. What Steves talked about is how we can accelerate that organic growth. Its really one: look into expand into other related product areas so that we can offer more one-stop shopping than just the products that we have; secondly, by having more products we are a more attractive supplier to the independent distributors that are sort of the primary channel in that market place. Thats a bit of a long answer. But what were looking to do in the mid-market sites. In 08 and 09, especially when youre talking about the total JCI level or even at the building efficiency level, its a modest thing for us, but its something thats very important in terms of accelerating our growth as we move forward.
Rich Kwas: Finally, how do you feel about your sales force in that area?
Steve Roell: I guess there are two things. I think the sales force that we have has been targeting that market. Number two is we do these acquisitions and in the product categories, thats one of the advantages we get is we get a sales force. We did one, if you recall, a little over a year ago. That was really the key, that sales force called on the independent distributors, they had those relationships. Part of our ability to be effective there is attracting and through acquisition, a sales force that has those relationships.
Rich Kwas: Great, thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you, your next question is from Jairam Nathan, your lines open, please state your company.
Jeff Speck: Hi, this is actually Jeff Speck for Jairam. On the production again, I know thats sort of a top headline number, and your mix looks good, as well as geographically looks good. You do mention the cost savings, I was wondering if you could give a little bit more granularity on that. Is that stuff thats being accelerated?
Keith Wandell: This is Keith. Weve actually been focused on these cost initiatives for the last several years. These aren't things  that you can just flip a switch and do overnight. Its really all around the globalization of our product structure, the commonality of our components, whether its in our seat structure, our seat tracks. Its really about the rationalization of our capacity and our footprint in each one of the regions. Weve really done a lot of work in North America over the last several years, in rationalizing our capacity and really driving the utilization of the facilities that we leave open. Also then in Europe, we were early to move a significant portion of our manufacturing footprint from Western Europe to Eastern Europe so that we not only realized the lower labor costs, but also the logistic savings as a lot of the OE customers move their production there. We have a lot of momentum here. We still have a lot of things to do and theres still a lot of opportunity. We do have, as was mentioned before our BBP analysis where, in every one of our facilities around the world we understand what our gaps our to our best practice. We have clearly defined and measurable goals in each one of those facilities to drive that improvement. We just expect that to continue to happen. Most importantly we just have an operations team in place around the world that are really focused and driving these initiatives. We think that will continue.
Jeff Speck: It ticked up in lieu of the lower production? That sounds like stuff that, like you say, has been going on for years and years and is done continuously.
Keith Wandell: As I said if you think about what occurred in Europe in the last couple of years, that was really driven by all those initiatives. North America was probably a little bit later in terms of the up tick. Were just seeing the benefit of all those initiatives.
Jeff Speck: Okay, on the power solutions, given the revenue growth and the related earnings, and you stated a significant hybrid battery investment, I was wondering if you could quantify that. Also does that continue for the next couple of quarters as you head into the launch later this year.
Bruce McDonald: Ill take that one, its Bruce. A couple of things maybe. You should recall that last year we had a couple of non-recurring gains within power solutions that were worth probably 11 million. So when you look a the year-over-year comp, youve got to take that into consideration. In terms of the hybrid investment level. Yes, it is accelerating and it will continue to be a headwind when we look at the activity for the next few quarters. That was in the guidance. Hybrid expenditure was not any higher than we had anticipated it. Its growing as expected.
Management Representative: I think, Bruce, we just want to remind people that you can get more disturbed if you look at the change in the margin in the quarter year-over-year. But a good portion of that is also due to that higher lead price flowing through.
Bruce McDonald: If you look at the power solutions and strip out the impact of lead, and strip out the one-time items, then what the true comparison is last year, we would have had margins about 12% in power solutions. If you take out the incremental impact of lead in this quarter, our margins were 11%. On an underlying base level 1% deterioration, thats primarily due to the higher investment that were making in hybrid. Does that help you?
Jeff Speck: Yes, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you, your next question is from Pat Osterbaum, your lines open.
Pat Osterbaum: Thank you, morning. Can I just first recap a little bit on the building efficiency. I know you guys have gone over it. But I guess some of the information came out in several questions. It sounds like the reason you lowered your outlook for North America, yes the backlog was able to increase in North America is due almost entire to the kind of customers you have exposure to, hospitals, government, that sort of thing, right?
Bruce McDonald: I think youre a little bit mixed up here. Were lowering our North American automotive industry function form 14.8 to 14. the only down track we see in North America in building efficiency is the residential side which is softer than we had anticipated at the beginning of the year. I would just remind you, residential is roughly 8% of the total building efficiency business. Thats the part that we see as being softer.
Pat Osterbaum: Okay, so North America construction down slightly, thats literally almost entirely driven by residential.
Steve Roell: The North American, again, were not taking our number down at all in North American Systems business. What were saying is the industry softness again appears to be in sectors we dont have much exposure in. Thats really the message we wanted to send. What were saying is, where we have a strong market share presence in education, healthcare, government buildings, those sectors are holding up as we expected they would.
Bruce McDonald: Our book for revenue growth in building efficiencies, just to be clear is 15% this year and were not changing that.
Pat Osterbaum: Right, that I understood I just wanted to make sure that it was just the residential piece that was slower relative to where you thought it was in October. The other thing to clarify, and it sounds like even thought you didn't give specific numbers, it sounds like new orders are tracking upwards inline with your backlog and I guess the follow up I had on that, is it keeping pace with it or again or tracking at a little bit of a softer growth rate?
Steve Roell: I think the order rate that we have, again, Im going to start with a global backlog statement, we have mixed efficiencies here. Our backlog is double-digits across all our businesses, from a regional standpoint. What were suggesting is that in addition to that if you look within North America, were seeing double-digit growth in segments of our business that we track which would be in terms of orders. Further in terms of the pipeline that we see, which is a precursor to the orders, were also seeing double digits.
Pat Osterbaum: Okay, thank you. One quick last one here, in terms of cash flow, it seems like you had a pretty significant change in payables. That was a significant use of cash this quarter, is there anything unique about that? I know Q1 is kind of a weak cash flow quarter seasonally anyway. Was there anything special behind that this quarter?
Bruce McDonald: No, if you look at our overall working capital mix between receivables and payables. One factor, we did talk about lead. Lead ended the quarter at about 2,600, I think. At year end we were in the lower to mid 3,000, say 3,300 to 3,400. Lead drops, that tends to have short payable terms. So that tends to have short payable terms, that produces an outflow on the balance sheet when we have slated purchases coming through the system. That would be the only thing I would point to. And last year when lead went up, you saw that we used working capital. The first place it hits is with getting lower payables, then the inventory will start to come down so well pick that up in the other quarters here.
Pat Osterbaum: Alright, thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Thank you, your next question is from George Nissan, you lines open.
George Nissan: Thank you very much, guys, congratulations, always a great job well done. A couple of things, what are you guys looking at doing in terms of improving operational initiatives for LEAN manufacturing, GPM and Six-Sigma?
Keith Wandell: This is Keith again, I sort of alluded to that a little bit earlier. Those initiatives are well in place. Weve had Six-Sigma and LEAN in place for Id say the past 10 years. Again, through our BBP initiative, we identify all the opportunities that exist by product line around the world. We actually then take about a third of those and put them into our financial plan on  a yearly basis, and then really hold ourselves accountable for driving those improvements. Thats something weve been doing for some time, and its really become institutionalized in our company.
George Nissan: What metrics are you using to measure that, are you using OE or Roanoke? What specific metrics are you using to measure your success?
Keith Wandell: The way we really drive internal productivity is we internally benchmark and we quantify what that means in dollar terms and we focus on what are the actions that need to be put in place to close that gap on an annual basis. We talked about that a lot in the past. Thats how we measure our success. We see performance of the plants, operations improving, the quantified amounts of that gap between where that plant is and the best in class. Thats how we track if were making progress or not.
Steve Roell: George, maybe another way to think about it, this is Steve. What we put in place, is that we track all of the products under a lot of those estimates that Keith just gave to you. Monthly we have an operations review with each of our businesses and we often meet in other parts of the globe to talk about specifically how theyre performing against each one of those tracks versus their annual projection. Underlying that we have a tracking system that looks at each project, its signed off by the controllers and we track all that directly into our profit plans to make sure we have it tracked against what our expectations are.
George Nissan: Are you looking at specific plants in general in terms of operational improvements?
Steve Roell: There are several cuts. We look at it by business, by product line and by plant. Then typically, what well do is well have the five or six most important drivers in each one of those businesses. Then well parade allow all the cost drivers associated with those, whether it be productivity, whether it be product cost, whether it be inventory turns, whether it be working capital management, logistics costs, et cetera. You can look at it at different cuts, but it gets down to the plant level, it gets down to the department level within plants, and we have tracking measures in place to see exactly where those improvements are being made and again, theyre all tied into our financial plans.
George Nissan: What I have noticed in the past, a lot of guys in the industry seem to be emulating your initiatives. How long would you say your continuous improvement program has been in place and what systems are you using to continue to accelerate these programs?
Steve Roell: Again, weve been focused on continuous improvement in all three of our businesses for many years. I think the way to categorize it, the way we look at it is, we call it BBP, Best Business Practice. Thats really the umbrella, if you will. Beneath that, we do have a toolbox that we train all of our people in. It includes Six-Sigma, it includes LEAN, it includes Just Do It as an example. What we do again, is were really focused on identifying those best practices, identifying our gaps and then driving accountability through the organization to make sure that everyone of our businesses are making the improvements that are expected. Again, weve institutionalized this. Its part of our management philosophy and how we run our businesses. We expect that to continue into the future.
George Nissan: Final question, guys, as we go into the next year, our economy obviously is going through a lot of challenges. What are you going to say, Steve, is your top goal as CEO for 2008 to improve on overall group [inaudible 00:03:40] and make sure that Johnson Control stays a leader in the industry?
Steve Roell: There are two things. When we talk about my goals, one is the growth objective, were a growth culture and we want to make sure were making the proper investments and the proper moves to make sure we can grow this business. Secondly, given the environment were in we have to ensure that were achieving what Keith just described to you, which is lowering our costs, become more productive, part of that would be not just productivity, but were focused on what we can do to improve our time compression and speed. Thats something that our customers are expecting from us.
George Nissan: Great, thank you very much, continued success down the road.
Operator: Thank you your next question is from Brett Hoselton, your lines open.
Brett Hoselton: Hi, guys, is Denise there too?
Denise Zutz: Yes, sir.
Brett Hoselton: Hi, Denise, how are you?
Denise Zutz: Fine, thanks, Brett.
Brett Hoselton: First of all, what related product areas might you be referring with regard to expanding your middle market presence?
Keith Wandell: [OVERLAY] if we said something that might create more concern, The reason I say that is because there are three or four players in the area that were targeting, so that would be a little too specific for us, okay? I wish I could give you that guidance.
Brett Hoselton: Thats, okay, I figured Id ask and if you told me that would be great. Anyway, residential softer than expected, can you give me a from-to, what you were thinking before, what youre thinking now?
Bruce McDonald: I think we were hoping that we would see maybe  a flat-ish market for the year, that was kind of our assumption when we started off the year. We also expected to outperform the market because of the US, their commissioning transaction that we completed late in our fourth quarter. If you look at our used processes in the quarter, despite the fact that we have the incremental volume for the US Air transaction, our sales were down about 20%, so quite a bit softer than we expected.
Keith Wandell: I think for the full year, Brad, the estimates are now honed in on down to 8% down 10% from an industry standpoint.
Brett Hoselton: A theoretical question, what are the major changes versus your prior guidance. You talked about the exchange rate being better, lower North American production is obviously a negative, are there any other significant changes?
Steve Roell: The ones we talked about were really the [inaudible  00:06:45] in North America and the residential begin softer than we expected. Those are the two major ones, exchange rates a little bit different than what we thought [inaudible  00:06:50] but its normalized again from what we assumed at the time.
Brett Hoselton: The $78 million pre-tax charge, what was that in again? I apologize, I didn't quite catch that.
Bruce McDonald: That was the total of the unusual items flowed through our equity income line in the quarter, Brett.
Brett Hoselton: Finally, this is just a theoretical question, Im not sure I understand. Youre spending a lot of money on the lithium battery business right now. Youre a really smart company, good return on capital, wise use of capital and so forth. Somehow you obviously believe youre going to get a return on capital for lithium batteries, I think, unless of course, youre just going to do it because youre nice guys and youre going to look green and so on and so forth. Somehow you think theres a business scope for lithium batteries that I just dont see at this point in time. Can you very, very briefly, Steve, give me an idea where I might find the business case for lithium batteries.
Steve Roell: Im actually anxious to answer this question.
Bruce McDonald: Im not so anxious, but we are nice guys.
Steve Roell: The way we look at it is, clearly there is a move towards hybridization of vehicles for all the reasons that we know about. Our view is that even if 7% or 8% say of the total vehicle build is hybrid, thats not a huge number. But the market for lithium batteries will be bigger than the total lead acid battery market today that we participate in, thats really our business case. Beyond that, theres going to be winners and losers in this thing, and our intention is to have the best technology and partner with our customers and help them be successful.
Brett Hoselton: Is that in a dollar revenue basis?
Steve Roell: Yes.
Brett Hoselton: And is that considering the idea or thought that lithium batteries are hopefully going to come down in cost?
Steve Roell: Yes, absolutely. Thats assuming that its scaled appropriately, Brad. I also think, just a commentary, this offers us an opportunity to really strengthen our relationships with the OEs. Its much bigger than supplying a battery. Its a much closer relationship. Theres a lot more sharing, a lot more discussion. So this is not a typical supplier/customer relationship and everybody understands that.
Brett Hoselton: Then, Steve, you rattled off a lot of pertinent data related to the Dodge construction index and the American Institute of Architecture and so forth, my question is can you get Denise or may Glen to maybe send us some of that data?
Steve Roell: Sure we can get you some of that data. Its all public information from web sites, well try to get some of that to you.
Brett Hoselton: That would be really helpful, thank you. And Denise, youre a nice person, too, I didn't mean to leave you out.
Denise Zutz: Appreciate that, Brett. And operator, I think were close to the top of the hour, so I think thats the end of our question and answer session and we just want to say that we appreciate everyones interest in the company and were more than happy to take any more question you may have, later today. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you, this does conclude the Johnson Control Conference, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-10-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time allparticipants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have anyobjections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn over the meetingto Mr. Denise Zutz. Thank you. You may begin.
Denise Zutz: Okay. Thank you and good morning everyone. We appreciateyour joining us for us to review our Fourth Quarter Financial Results. Herethis morning to talk with you is Steve Roell, our Chief Executive Officer. Also joining us is Keith Wandell, President and ChiefOperating Officer. Keith is going to be reviewing our business financialresults for the fourth quarter, and also Bruce McDonald, Executive VicePresident and CFO. Bruce will add his financial comments after Keith as well asSteve. We will then be happy to take your questions. We hope to conclude thecall by 12 O'clock Eastern time. Before I turn the call over the Steve, I do need to provideyou with our Safe Harbor Statement, which indicates that Johnson Controls is makingforward-looking statements during this call pertaining to our financial resultsfor the year 2008 and beyond, that are based on preliminary data and are subjectto risk and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact arestatements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements, and includeterms such as outlook, expectations, estimates or forecast. For those statements, the company cautions that numerousimportant factors such as automotive vehicle production levels and schedules,energy prices, the ability to mitigate the impact of higher raw material costs,the strength of the U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rate,cancellation of commercial contracts, changes to tax rates, laborinterruptions, as well as those factors discussed in the company's most recent10-K filing dated December 2006, could affect the company's actual results andcould cause it's actual consolidated results to differ materially from thoseexpressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of thecompany. And with that Im pleased to give you Steve Roell.
Steve Roell: Well, thank you Denise, and Good morning. Before I begin,I'd like to acknowledge our employees, many of who are listening on the callthis morning. I could just thank them for their contribution to our recordresults this year. And at the same time I also acknowledge John Barth. John isretiring as many of you know, and this year is the last year of his leadershipand certainly it reflects on his contributions to us and we want to thank Johnfor his leadership over the years. If I just look at 2007, I think that the results that wereleased this morning are consistent with the guidance that we've beenproviding to you. Our sales were up 7% to $34.6 billion, income form continuingoperations was up 25% to $1.3 billion. And I think if you look across to our market you'll see thatwe took share, our growth rates were higher than those of our competitors,largely due to our innovation quality and cost. And I think the other thing I would point to again is theexcess of our diversification in our business model. Those of you who wouldhave the PowerPoint can look at the slide that shows our earnings. In that pieif you look at it, you'll see that Building Efficiency is now representingalmost 50% of our earnings. That's basically because BE or Building Efficiency,their earnings in fiscal 2007 were up 56%. In addition in terms of 2007, we delivered a well aboveaverage shareholders returns, using the year ended 9/30 of '07. Our one yeartotal shareholder return was 67% compared to the SNP 16%. In terms of the fourth quarter; again, consistent withguidance that Bruce had provided to you and he will give you more detail. Oursales of $9 billion were up by 11%, and earnings per share from continuingoperation of $0.78 was up 26%. Just a couple of highlights then in terms of the variousbusinesses, if I start with Building Efficiency. Global market share gains inour HVAC equipment, particularly in our small chiller and large chillersegments. Our backlog a 40% increase in our Building Efficiency backlog to $4.2billion. Thats consistent with the backlog that we needed to basically tosupport our 2008 guidance. Many of you are aware of the fact that we were named as oneof the four providers. Our performance contracting to participate in the Clinton climate initiative.That plays to our strength, where performance contracting has been a key of oursuccess in terms of providing solutions to our customers. And finally, a major residential HVAC distribution win, themost notable being the one we announced very recently regarding US Air, and thefact that they will be distribution Johnson Controls product, [York] product inSouthern California. Turning to Power Solutions. We have a number of major new OEand aftermarket batteries of customer wins this year. The ones that were mostnotable included Chrysler in North America,where we've won the remaining half of their business. The same is true ofDaimler's business is Europe. We also won newbusiness with BMV as well as with Volkswagon. In the aftermarket side, probably the most notable win was aUK auto chain in Europe which we havent been able to name, but it's asignificant win for us and it will provide upside for us in 2008 as well. Also then in July we announced a strategic partnership withthe number one automotive battery manufacturer and brand in China, BaodingFengfan. That's strategic mark for us in terms of our entry into that market.As you know, we've been in that market since the acquisition of the Delphi battery business, and this will provide us furthergrowth opportunities in the future. In addition from a standpoint of '07, our involvement inhybrid plans increased significantly. We now have 12 development contracts forlithium-ion plug-in technology, and as we have announced previously we have twoproduction contracts in hybrid technology. Turning to Automotive Experience. As we announced couple ofweeks ago in New Yorkat the analyst meeting, our backlog looking at the 2008-2010 period is now atroughly $3.9 billion, an increase of 11% over the prior year. We also announcethe fact that we were in several joint ventures which Chery to provide them.Multiple programs around seating and other interior [performance] in China. And I think the other highlight for the year was certainlyour sustained improvements in Europe. Europe was a major element of our 2006 performance andfairly in 2007 they continue to perform well. So now if I look forwarded to2008 and beyond, lot of these or the comments that we made at New York analystmeeting, but just some of the highlights. You know as we look we see a number of significant growthopportunities in each of our businesses, focusing on our things of comfort,safety and sustainability. We highlight those around energy efficiency and theenvironmental sustainability elements. Certainly hybrid vehicles as we lookfurther out, automotive electronics is a key area of growth for us and emergingmarkets. Also we are investing in new technology, around products andprocesses. That innovation is going to be key to our differentiation of ourproducts as well as that for our customers. And our customer relationshipscontinue to be one of our key focal points, which is how we provide value, andI think thats demonstrated by the fact that we continue to grow with our majorcustomers around the world. I think one of our major differentiations from ourcompetition is the discipline and the rigors we apply to our continuousimprovement. Keith and I were on the phone earlier this week with over 750 ofour continuous improvement leaders in a call on Monday morning with over 752around the world. And that just really reflects just a small portion of thefocus we have around that topic. And then finally as Bruce will describe, we ended the yearwith a very strong balance sheet. We have the financial wherewithal to be ableto continue to invest best in growth platforms, and we think thats critical tous and again thats a key differentiator for some of our competitors. So with that I would like to turn it over to Keith, and hewill review some of the business performance in the fourth quarter.
Keith Wandell: Thank you Steve and good morning everyone. I would like toprovide a few data points around three businesses specifically related to themarket environment, and then also some specific points about JCI's Q4 performancein each one of those businesses. We will start with Building Efficiency. The global servicemarket continues to grow around the world, and thats a positive for us. Welook at the North American construction market. The non-residential spending wasup 19%, and the residential construction was down roughly the same number,about 19%. But the construction remains strong in all the key emerging marketsaround the world, and specifically for us in Chinaand the Middle East. Increased customer demand for energy efficient and greensolutions is a global trend we are seeing more of. And also there is a globaltrend around the increasing demand for one-stop solutions; equipment, controls,and services. And specifically for JCI in 2007, our cross selling initiativegenerated about $200 million in incremental revenue, up from a 180 million in'06, even though that was a nine month number. So we see the momentum continuing to increase in theone-stop shopping solutions. In terms of our specific Q4 performance, saleswere up 15% from $3.1 billion to $3.6 billion. And in all global regions, bothsystems and services were up. Systems were up 20% and services 11%. The North American residential market for us was down 8%,and roughly 65% of our sales in that segment are for replacement. Segmentincome was up 23% from $257 million to $360 million, driven by higher volumeand really cost structure improvements that are underway, have been underwayfor sometime, specifically the branch network redesign for both North Americaand Europe. Its a process we started a couple of years ago, and it'sreally combining and streamlining our operations and providing new tools toimprove execution and delivery in matching the right skill levels to every job. Another cost structure improvement that has been underwayand is paying dividends is our product standardization. When you look at ourAir Cooled chillers, we have lieu from 15 to 9 platforms. In our water-cooledchillers, weve gone from 8 to 6 platforms, and our heat pump products havelieu from 10 to 7 platform. So as we continue to consolidate our product engineeringefforts and generate the synergies around that all the way through the supplychain paying dividends for us. In our manufacturing operations, we reduced ournumber of plants by roughly one-third around the world. Weve consolidatedoperations, have driven productivity improvements. Weve also implemented ourBBP process which has been well established in battery and automotive now forsome years, and we are seeing tremendous upside and benefits from thoseinitiatives as well. Our commercial backlog as Steve, mentioned is $4.2 billionup 14% with growth in all regions, and as I mentioned earlier specifically China and the Middle East.With regards to our commercial orders, we see strength in North America in our order activities, around healthcare, government andoffice buildings, as well as the rest of the world. In our Power Solutions business, from a market environmentperspective, the aftermarket demand is flat to slightly lower, and we'veexperienced even higher peaks for lead prices in Q4, where the Q4 average onthe LME was about $3140 a ton, and this is a 164% increase over Q4, 2006. We are seeing, as Steve alluded to, an increase incommitment and demand for hybrid technology from many of our OE customers. Over20 hybrid vehicle announcements were made at the 2007 Frankfurtauto show. And Steve mentioned as well, we have 12 development contractsunderway as well as three production contracts with hybrid vehicles. Related to our specific Q4 performance in Power solutions,sales were up 27%. They were up from $1 billion to $1.3 billion. Roughly halfof that was driven by increases in lead cost that we passed through on thesales line. There were also higher unit shipments specifically in Europe,driven by our OE customers, offset a little bit by the lower OE and aftermarketin North America. Our Asia sales were up double-digits, as Steve mentioned wegained a foothold in Asia year and a half ago with the Delphiacquisition, and we continue to expand our operations there. From a segment income perspective, we were up 7% from a $150million to a $161 million, again driven by the improving operationalefficiencies in our Power Solutions business as well as the higher volume.Lead, the increases in lead did have a negative impact to our margins. In our Automotive Experience business from a marketenvironment perspective, the industry vehicle production, North America was up roughly 4%, while cars were down 2, light truckswere up about 8%. Europe was up an estimated 3%, Japandown 9, and Chinaup roughly 25%. We are also glad to see that the commodity prices with regardsto steel, foam, chemicals and resin has stabilized toward the latter part of thisyear. In terms of our Q4 performance, sales were up from $4billion to $4.2 billion, up about 3%. In North America, sales were up 2%, whileour sales for the Detroit3 were slightly lower. That was offset by higher sales to the transplants in North America. Europe was up 5% and China on anunconsolidated sales basis was up 48%. Our segment income was up 24% from a $148 million to $183million, really driven by the strong performance that we've seen North America. You know a few years back we had a turnaroundthat we promised in Europe; deliver that. North America recently we promise to turnaround and weare in the process to delivering that. We feel real good about the work that'sbeen done there. Europe, Steve mentioned had a continued strong performanceand a nice five year trend there, and Asia was flat as our growth investmentsin China that Steve talked to related specifically to the Chery orders, maskedthe underlying improvements that are occurring in that area as well. With that I would to turn it over to Bruce McDonald.
Bruce McDonald: Okay thanks Keith and good morning everybody. Just startingup on Slide 9, I'll just we reiterate that we are extremely pleased with ourrecord earnings here in the fourth quarter, which came in at the top end of theguidance that we provided three months ago. Reflecting on both our business diversification, ourgeographic diversification and the successful implementation of number of ourgrowth strategies, our sale increased by 11% to $9 billion. If we exclude themat the foreign exchange and you can see on the slide, we topped the Euro forthe quarter averaging about $0.10 higher than last year. Then underlying salesgrowth was about 6%. We are pleased to see the 15% growth that Keith talked aboutBuilding Efficiency, reflecting both the positive economic environment of themarkets that we are operating in, and also the investment of some of the growthinitiatives, cross selling in particular. As we talked about earlier Power Solutions have 27% salesincreased, ex-lead that would be about 12% versus 2006 on a year-over-yearbasis. And then in automotive we saw 3% sale growth, although if you back outexchange, we actually were down 2%. Despite the fact that production volumes were up in thequarter, we actually saw negative year-over-year growth really as we exitedsome models earlier in the year, but also our overexposure to the light truckand SUV sectors in North America we have higher content per vehicle. If you look at our gross profit line, you will see the 50basis point improvement to 15.8%, and as we talked about the last couple ofquarters anyway, in that material economics were really not a factor in termsof the year-over-year perspective. On a short term basis, our commodity hedgingprograms are working as we designed them to; and it's really helping us toinsulate us from the run up in the lead prices that Keith talked to in hissection. Lead; the main issue for us in lead is the volatility on ashort term basis, and we saw a lot of that in the fourth quarter where pricesjust in the quarter alone escalated by 30% and we ended the year at about $3450a metric ton. Looking at SG&A expenses, we are up about 7% versus2006, we back out the impact of foreign exchange and take in the considerationof about $40 million higher net engineering cost, than our underlying SG&Alevels were basically flat versus the year ago. We did increase our SG&A levels to fund some of ourgrowth initiatives in Building Efficiency. Generally speaking those were offsetby reductions as we scale down our cost space on the auto side of our business.You see equity income in the quarter is basically been consistent with thelevel that weve been running at over the last couple of quarters, but its apretty significant reduction versus the exceptionally strong $40 million thatwe recorded in 2006. What we are really seeing in here is three things. One, somehigher launch cost in some of our North American joint ventures with supplieror transplant customers, higher levels of engineering expenditure or hybridjoint venture with [fast], and then we have a couple of equity accounted forjoint ventures in Power Solutions in Asia and Saudi Arabia in particular, andthose businesses suffered, we don't hedge in those businesses, and thosebusinesses suffered from the volatility and lead in the quarter and we expectthat to come back here. For the quarter, as Keith talked about, our Chinese jointventures were essentially flat on a year-over-year basis with improvedperformance that our matured joint ventures offsetting start-up investments infive of the new JVs we formed this year. As we go forward into next year, we doexpect to start to report positive year-over-year comparisons in our equityline, as a result of the Chinainvestments coming on stream. And then lastly just looking at segment income of $660million, a 50 basis point improvement in our margins and that sort of gives usconstants tow guidance that we've given for continued improvement in 2008. Looking to Slide 10 then. You see net financing charges dropfrom $77 million to $68 million; a $9 million reduction really as a result oflower year-over-year borrowings. If you look at interest rates, the interestrate environment was roughly consistent with last year on a global basis. Looking at the tax lines. We had a reported tax rate of 21%,which was consistent with our guidance and the same rate as last year. If younote in the detailed notes, the financial statements that were with ourearnings release, we did have three non-recurring items flowing through our taxprovision in the quarter, but on overall basis these numbers netted out tonothing. So there's a pick up in the two charges and they netted out to zero inthat line. So we've reported a clean 21% from an overall basis. And then if you just look at the trend that we've seen overthe last couple of quarters, you will see minority interest was actually anincome item for us in the quarter. That basically means that we're making lotsof money in our joint ventures on a year-over-year, and now thats really dueto the consolidated joint ventures what supply to Tundra in Texas and launchcost Sheriff's office of our consolidated Southeast Asian operations. We also have a consolidated battery joint venture and we sawdiminished profitability in that as a result of legs and recovering leadprices. And then lastly, if you look at earnings per share $0.70, up a prettyrespectable 26% versus last year. Just looking to our balance sheet, you will see may be thefirst thing to point out would be that we had cash on hand of about $650million, which is something that we usually dont have. To just point out thatat the end of the year we had repaid all of our commercial papers, so we had noshort-term debt readily available to pay down. And from an economic perspective it just makes sense for usto stockpile cash in advance of two bonds that we've got maturing in the secondquarter of this year, $500 million in January and $175 million in February.That youll see again in Q1, well have elevated levels of cash, and after thatwell return to sort of normal cash levels for us which are about $200 million. If we therefore net cash against the total of debt; we endedthe year with a net debt-to-total capitalization of about 29.7%, which was inline with the guidance that we provided at the beginning of the year. Overall,we paid down about a $700 million of net debt in the year, and exited the year$3.8 billion of borrowings. CapEx in the quarter was $241 million building areinvestment ratio versus our depreciation and amortization of 1.1:1. Most ofthe capacity projects that we had in place for Power Solutions have come inon-stream as was expected. And as we talked about at our analyst meeting in New York a couple ofweeks ago, we do expect CapEx to trend down to about 1:1 in 2008. We had good working capital performance in our fourthquarter, really reversing the disappointing result that we saw in Q3. And ifyou look at our working capital performance for a full year, we generated about$200 million of cash from working capital despite the 7% increase in our topline. I would also like to point out and it shows up in one lineitem of our cash flow here, that our deleveraging was accomplished even afterwe made a $200 million equity investment in the U.S. Airconditioning jointventure, and after the adoption of [FAS 150] pensions. Now as you will see in the notes to our financialstatements, our FAS 158 charge to equity was about $75 million. That really reflectsthe robust level of funding that we have in our defined benefit plans. Justlooking in to the outlook for 2008, we are not making any changes as I am sureyou would expect. We are forecasting 10% sales growth next year toapproximately $38 billion. Our earnings per share guidance of 245 to 250 is an 18%increase over this year, excluding a one time tax items. We expect to seeinterest expense drop by about 40 million. So its the continuation of the sortof the trend that you saw at Q4, and we are looking for tax rates to be equalto this year 21%. And from a balance sheet perspective or cash flowperspective, we are forecasting free cash flow in the 1.1 to 1.3 billion range. If we just turn to Q1, we talked a little bit about this inour New Yorkmeeting, but just to give a little bit more clarity. We are forecastingearnings per share of 35% to 37%. Take the midpoint. Sorry $0.35 to $0.37 pershare. Take the midpoint there, that's roughly 28% to 29% year-over-yeargrowth. So, we are expecting to start off the year very strong. Our earnings growth is front-end loaded next year, reallydriven strong top line performance in Building Efficiency and a continuation ofthe recoveries that we've seen in our North American automotive operation. Soyou'll recall last year we had about a $50 million loss in Q1, we expect ourNorth American automotive business to be slightly profitable here for the firstquarter. So those two factors really drive a strong start for 2008. And with that I'm going to turn things back over to SteveRoell.
Steve Roell: Sure, thanks Bruce. Well then just to summarize. In terms ofthe '08 outlook, as we indicated at the Analyst Meeting in New York, we have great momentum in allthree of our businesses going into the fiscal 2008 period. On BuildingEfficiency side, weve got a high rate of growth, guess it should continue forus. We ended the year with a strong a backlog. Keith reviewedthe cross sale synergies that we are seeing still from the transaction with York, and we expect thatto continue. But more importantly, I think we see growth across a wide varietyof geographies in 2008. Cost structure optimization which Keith also talked about iscritical to our earnings improvement and our margins expansion of 2008. On thePower Solution side, its a business for the reoccurring revenues withprofitable growth. We expect to continue to gain share in Europe and Asia, and we certainly continue to benefit from some ofthe investments we made in capacity in the past year. Automotive experience sustained recovery particularly in North America, but the turn around continues. Wevehighlighted the fact that we expect to see margin expansion in the next threeyears. In Europe, the profitability that weve established, we expect to be sustainedin Asia. We expect to see some continuingimprovement there in Asia, as we talked about,as Bruce highlighted some of the improvements in our joint ventures in equityinvestments in that market. So with that, we would expect 2008 to be a period where wewould continue our track record of profitable growth, it would represent our 62consecutive years of sales increases and 88 consecutive years of earningsincreases. So we look forward to 2008 and we'll now turn over to you forquestions. Jeremy?
Operator: Thank you. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session.(Operator Instruction). First question today comes from Robert Barry withGoldman Sachs. Thank you, your line is open.
Pat Archambault -Goldman Sachs: Hi, it's Pat Archambault here, actually
Steve Roell: Hi, Pat.
Pat Archambault -Goldman Sachs: Good morning, a couple of quick ones on the backlog. Itlooks like indeed your billing efficiency backlog was up year-on-year, but itwas down slightly on a sequential basis, and I was just wondering if you couldgive us a little bit of color on how we might interpret that?
Steve Roell: Sure. If you look at our execution on our backlog over theyears, typically, our fourth fiscal year is a very strong period of execution.So, typically we would expect to see quarter-over-quarter between third and thefourth, be it period of either flatness or down. And so thats one a typical.Thats pretty much the cycle that we go through. The key is the fact that weare up [40%] year-over-year. Thats a better reflection. Okay.
Pat Archambault -Goldman Sachs: Okay. And that makes sense. And in terms of the new ordersin Building Efficiency as well. Can you give us any kind of quantification onhow those are tracking?
Steve Roell: The orders were strong. We saw particularly in some of theinternational markets in the last quarter, and I guess also from a systemsstandpoint, Keith highlighted that I think in his comments. The other thing welook at, which we dont talk about, we dont disclose the numbers is what wesee and what's called a pipeline. And thats really the activity that isactually preceding our orders secured. So its really worked that we arequoting at this point of time. And we've got a window of that and Keith and Ihave reviewed that. And if we just look as an example of the North American newconstruction activity, we have looked at 15 vertical markets and every one ofthose were up year-over-year. And so, I think that lays to rest some of theconcerning that we are hearing out there regarding concerns on the newconstruction market in the US.But we also feel comfortable given the growth that we see in the internationalmarket. So that combination gives us confidence for 2008.
Pat Archambault -Goldman Sachs: Is it growth rate thats up but perhaps papering off alittle bit in North America or is it kind ofkeeping pace with what you've been seeing in previous year?
Steve Roell: No, I think its same pace. I dont think there's anythingwe would point. You know there are different elements that are growing atfaster rates. I think if we looked at it, we saw a good growth typically inhealthcare side. And surprisingly, the manufacturing sector was the other onethat that I would tell you we probably would not have expected.
Pat Archambault -Goldman Sachs: Would you characterize that as being kind of a function ofyour client base which are may be doing a little bit better than the average,or is that something like you think is characteristic of the market as a whole?
Steve Roell: Well if we look at our client base, we are more heavilyweighted towards the school education, (inaudible), healthcare, officebuildings probably not as much of manufacturing certainly not in lodging andretail. So as you think through some of the things you are reading about Dodgefor 2008, some of the markets that are weaker we have highlighted particularlylodging and retail. We dont have that higher penetration in. So may be to thatextent, but then I think that we are seeing it broad based. Here's an exampleoffice market vacancy, office building vacancy right now, its at a veryreasonable rate. I think it's 12.5% to 13%, and thats pretty - there's noissue there.
Pat Archambault -Goldman Sachs: Okay, and just a last quick on batteries. I mean, eventhough margins are under pressure from an absolute point of view, myunderstanding is you've definitely been able to hedge raw material cost eitherthrough pass-through arrangements or I guess official hedging program. I mean,at what point does this inflation become a problem where I can actually startto eat in to the absolute level of profitability on a per unit basis? Is thatsomething that could happen if the pace of inflation keeps up?
Bruce McDonald: Well it's hard Pat. It's Bruce talking. I think what we'veseen so far is because lead is such a large percent of the cost of a batterylike in excess of 70 right now, our competitors are generally, in a fairly weakfinancial position from a global perspective, and I think there's been a lot ofdiscipline in the marketplace, passing on lead price increases to the endconsumer. And I guess our expectation is that that's going tocontinue. I would tell you though, we are probably seeing what the level of thecost reduction -- the cost increases that we are passing through. I think weare seen our customers put a little bit more emphasis on their inventory leveland de-stocking to some extent which we think is sort of a factor in the marketbeing down slightly here this year.
Pat Archambault -Goldman Sachs: Okay I got it. All right thanks a lot guys.
Steve Roell: Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Jairam Nathan with Banc of AmericaSecurities. Thank you, your line is open.
Jairam Nathan: Hi thanks. If I look at your automotive experience margins,it looks like you probably did like 6%, like maybe 7% margins in Europe thisquarter, and 2.5% in North America. And I'mjust kind of thinking if that is higher than what you've guided to for the wholeyear? And just wondering why can't this be sustainable or are there anyone-time stuff in there which you think that's going to sustain next year?
Bruce McDonald: If I sort of look at our margins by geography, I think someof the - your numbers are little bit off there. For the fourth quarter, ourmargins for auto in North America were just abit over 4%, our European margins were 5.4% okay, so its not quite aspronounced as you indicated. North America we had anexceptionally strong quarter. There were a number of commercial settlements. Wevemade a lot of progress in terms of taking down our cost base and as wevetalked about before, by looking our auto business, we generally give away orstart the fiscal year giving away our price reductions effective in thebeginning of our fiscal year October 1 and then our cost reduction activitiestend to ramp up over the course of the year. So if you look at our historic margins in North America, you typically see Q1 being the weakest and wesequentially improve. So you can't really look at Q4 and sort of fast forwardinto Q1 and say what are the changes? I guess the other point I would note is, there tends to besome shut down there around Christmas and in the first quarter of our fiscalyear, and that's a factor as well.
Jairam Nathan: Okay. And lastly on the cash flow, you seem to have abenefit from accounts payable and accrued liabilities. I was just wondering isthat mostly lead related, and how should we think, do you give a lot of thatback next year, or in 1Q?
Bruce McDonald: Well, I would say there are a fewdifferent things flowing through there. So if we just look at for the full yearnow, clearly that's the elevated levels of lead impact on receivables inventoryand payables. And we think that probably $200 million to $250 million would bein a sort of year-over-year impact in accounts payable. The balance of the improvementthat we saw within that lined items really represents our effort to standardizepayment terms. I mean, we stock four of our taken our BBP sort of initiativesand really looking at that and trying to fly that to our working capitalmanagement and the initiatives that we have there we are really trying tostandardize our payment terms in some of our businesses when we looked at thedifferent payment terms we had; we had maybe 50 or 60 different terms and we'lltry to standardize those. We've also gone into Europe andparticularly in building efficiency business most notably and where you lookedat our payment terms by country and trying to align countries like say, inItaly where we would generally speaking of AR terms of 100 plus days and makingsure that we had days payable consistent with that and there was a bigmismatch, so thats been an initiative that we've really been driving all year. So, I guess I'll tell you to kindof make a long story short, here is where we really pushed the accounts payableline. We've done a good job getting to the level that we actually at year-end.We dont expect to see sort of a magnitude of this going through into 2008, butwe dont expect to give it back either.
Jairam Nathan: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from ChrisCeraso with Credit Suisse. Thank you, your line is open.
Chris Ceraso: Alright, thanks. Good morning.
Steve Roell: Hi, Chris.
Chris Ceraso: A few things, first, I guess onthe margins in the building efficiency business if my math is right, it lookslike you came out at the low end of your range for the full year versus 6.7.
Steve Roell: Yeah.
Chris Ceraso: And it did come in a bit softerthan we thought it would for a quarter, was there anything that held you backthere, is it function of currency or was there something that came out a littlebit softer than you thought it would be in a quarter?
Steve Roell: Well we had a strong lot of salesgrowth in GW, I'll answer that in a little bit dilutive for us. I mean, theonly thing of note we had there was we didn't take up the (burn) cash right upof about $10 million in the quarter for a technology investment that we made asequity investment and technology played sort of different panel, we rose thatinvestment off which was about $10 million that will be the only two things Icould think of, Chris
Keith Wandell: I guess, so it would say, I thinkthat our personal residential business is a little bit softer than we thoughtcoming up the quarter. That was interest rate to be how much of businessportion in the quarter ended?
Chris Ceraso: Okay, alright that makes sense.Can you clarify the comment that you made about equity income and what youexpect for the year, did you say that we started seeing positive comparisonsversus '07?
Bruce McDonald: Yes, well start to see positiveyear-over-year comps in '08.
Chris Ceraso: I am sorry, '08 versus '07.
Bruce McDonald: Yeah.
Chris Ceraso: And thats starts in the firstquarter?
Bruce McDonald: Yes.
Chris Ceraso: Okay. What was the decline inD&A on the cash flow versus where you have been running at around 180 dropsthat closer to 160?
Keith Wandell: I dont know; it's off the top ofmy head.
Chris Ceraso: Okay.
Keith Wandell: I mean if I look at the year weare up about $25 million, so I can't think of that, it's off the top of myhead. I mean, one of the things I guess, I can think of from last year is wewere amortizing New York back some of the New York intangibles of specificallyassociated with the backlog and thats behind us now, so we have someamortization probably $6 million or $7 million in a quarter thats not theiryear-over-year, but the rest of it I get this just a little bit of noise in there.
Chris Ceraso: And for the full year D&A,are you thinking about 750 is at the right number?
Keith Wandell: For next year?
Chris Ceraso: For '08?
Keith Wandell: Let me get back. I dont knowwhat that number is off top of my head. I think it might be a little bit higherthan that.
Chris Ceraso: Okay, and then last one on thetaxes. You've talked about the 21% and how you get there. What are you runningon a cash basis and what's the expectation for '08 in terms of cash taxes?
Keith Wandell: On a cash basis our tax isrunning slightly below 21%, and we expect that to continue.
Chris Ceraso: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Keith Wandell: Okay.
Operator: Next question comes from HimanshuPatel with JP Morgan. Thank you, your line is open.
Himanshu Patel: Hi. Good morning guys.
Steve Roell: Hi Himanshu.
Keith Wandell: Hi Himanshu.
Himanshu Patel: Two questions, first youmentioned the number of commercial settlements in the North American autobusiness in the quarter. Can you sort of quantify how big that was?
Steve Roell: Himanshu, there is nomisunderstanding. Those are typical. Still, we dont make you think of that'sunusual. If you look at every quarter in the fourth quarter of our fiscal yearin automotive we have those commercials. That's not unusual. We dont want tomislead you on that okay.
Himanshu Patel: Was it dramatically larger thanthe year ago level?
Keith Wandell: Now this is Keith. It was lower.We probably had the quietest into Bruce's point and Steve's point there arealways commercial issue resolutions at the end of the year. It was probably thequietest year-end that we've had in sometime.
Steve Roell: That explains part of the cyclicalnature of the months. Okay, the business plan.
Himanshu Patel: Okay, and then it sounds like youexited this year at sort of a low 4% margin in that business and the full yearwas about 1%. You guys, I think you have talked about 100 bips of marginimprovement every year on that. That comment just seems fairly conservativenow. Fiscal fourth quarter has a seasonal drop on the production perspective.You are already doing 4% margins right now. Is it unreasonable for us to thinkthat by '09 the business could be back at the 4% to 5% margin level?
Steve Roell: Yeah, I think the guidance wegave out New Yorkwas for the total business. Right, that had maybe the 5% in two and three tofive years, right. So, I think everybody feeling really good about the businessand how it's summoned around. However, every year has its issues, right, theunexpected things so the guidance weve given you what we think is our bestview not necessarily conservative and it's not aggressive but its our bestview.
Bruce McDonald: I guess if you think about itHimanshu, weve talked about Europe margins been fairly flat here for nextcouple of years at the level that they are at now which is just a bit over 5%.I think they are going to learn a launch activity and most of our backloggrowth is skewed to Europe in '010 so that business going to stay pretty flatand that's obviously the biggest source of earnings right now North America wewas talking about that business tripling in probably next year. I would tell you the absolute Q4little bit better than we were expecting here, but we feel real good about thatbusiness picking up sequentially here. Then Asia, for the year roughly abreakeven for us and again that's when we expect to see some small improvementbut the just the size of North America, sorry, Europebeing flat it kind of mutes the overall margins for us.
Himanshu Patel: No, I get that but, I think yourcomments earlier were that just in North America interior business would see ahundred bips per annum of margin improvement and that sort of squares to a 3%margin in '09 and you just exited '07 with North of a 4% margin in your --
Keith Wandell: I don't know how we can cautionanymore Himanshu that you can use the fourth quarter that's all I can reallysuggest, okay.
Steve Roell: Yeah, the other issue like justfor the understanding everyone listening, the other issue in addition to whatBruce discussed why you can't really look sequentially in this businessrelative to margin is that typically fourth quarter is when we typicallyexperience a lot of engineering recoveries with our customers. So we have thosediscussions go on and so that recovery where it tends to be lower in the firstpart of the year and tends to be higher in the fourth quarter too. So thats another factor thatmakes fourth quarter a little bit more advantaged.
Himanshu Patel: Okay, then separately in the GMlabor contract there were some talk about potentially considering in-sourcingcertain businesses have you guys sort of thought that through or is that notsomething that even concerns you guys right now?
Bruce McDonald: Well, I dont think that, atleast in terms of the business, that we're associated with that. We think thereis a major concern with the in-sourcing of either seeds or interior components.That would be a very difficult thing obviously, for any customer to do that issort of (unbound) that over the last several years. We just need to stayfocused on been a good supplier and having good relationships and deliveringbest value to the customers that we can I think that we should be okay in thatarea.
Himanshu Patel: Okay and then, Bruce, I think youhad mentioned $40 million of higher net engineering cost in the quarter what --was that sort of an aberration and how should we think about that for 2008 inthe SG&A line?
Bruce McDonald: Well we've talked about - theresbeen higher and higher level of engineering cost in '08 it's because we've donea lot of platform sort of turning overheads really skewed towards the Europe.
Himanshu Patel: Got it, okay. Great, thank you.
Keith Wandell: Thank you, Himanshu.
Operator: Next question comes from RodLache with Deutsche Bank. Thank you, your line is open.
Rod Lache: Hi everybody.
Keith Wandell: Hi Rod.
Rod Lache: Just a follow-up on that lastquestion on the engineering spending have you given any color on what youroverall SG&A outlook is for '08, the percentage of sales or any other context?
Bruce McDonald: No we havent.
Rod Lache: Can you?
Keith Wandell: Right now we are not preparedRod. We dont have any information here.
Rod Lache: Okay. A couple of questions on the building efficiency, did you providethe impact of FX on the top and top line and operating profit line?
Bruce McDonald: No, we didnt Rod but we can dothat.
Rod Lache: Okay.
Bruce McDonald: I mean
Steve Roell: Rod, max it was up 12% in thequarter, so we reported 15 FX it would have been 12.
Rod Lache: Okay. And on the operating profit line, is it pretty
Bruce McDonald: Marginal.
Rod Lache: Okay.
Bruce McDonald: Marginal difference.
Rod Lache: Alright and just looking at thebacklog, can you give us any color on the composition of the backlog? I assumeits shifting a little bit away from services and is that diluted to themargins going forward?
Steve Roell: Well the reason -- there are twoquestions, so let me go back. The first one is, if you look at the backlogitself its really shifted towards systems, but remember, that we dont run ourservices through the backlog, I mean our truck-based services not run throughthere. So I just want to be careful how I will answer your question.
Bruce McDonald: No its a [quick way] solution tothat.
Steve Roell: Solution to that, yes.
Rod Lache: Okay, so the backlog is shiftingtowards systems and then whats the implication of that you are relative to yourbacklog as relative to your margins?
Bruce McDonald: Our margins and our backlog aregenerally up.
Rod Lache: Okay. And then can you just comment on that, that $500 million ofperspective cost saving that you've been talking about on building efficiencyand, I think you said a third kind of have that roles in over the next coupleof years. Is that lumpy at all, over the course of '08 or does that come inpretty steadily and how much of that cost savings would you allocate toSG&A when you kind of look at how the numbers flow?
Steve Roell: While, first of all, the savingstend to sort of increase as the year goes on because the way we layered intothe plan, I mean, we layered in that way because obviously, there's few whowere in the first month and then what you gain in the first month carries overin the second month etc. But clearly, we have a betterview of what our performance gaps are in each one of our businesses. We feelpretty confident that we have a very clear roadmap and path that when we laythose numbers in then we have a fair path to get there. So we feel prettyconfident and not only in building efficiency, but in all of our businesses andquite frankly, he was talking about automotive a lot and that's by and largepart of the reason why we had improved margin in that business as well becausethese are the fruition of the efforts so its been put in place over the lastcouple of years here.
Keith Wandell: Thinking in terms of your otherquestion about where did they flow out, I mean, I don't have that here, butsome this have been little more with flow through SG&As and auto which tendto be more sort of manufacturing cost. Here at some does spoke through theSG&A line items, well but I don't have that split.
Rod Lache: Okay, great and just to clarify,obviously, the savings that increased over the course of the year. As youexecute on more and you don't lose what you've already accomplished but from anexternal perspective should we be thinking that we got maybe $150 million ofsavings it's around 30% and that's $37 million a quarter, or does that rampsignificantly, so that it's kind of back half weighted.
Keith Wandell: We are looking at each other,trying to answer the question. I think only what we can describe to you isthat, it will be back-end. But a few things, can he just build as the quarterpoints out, okay.
Rod Lache: Okay.
Keith Wandell: [There's way out].
Rod Lache: Aright, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from JonathanSteinmetz with Morgan Stanley. Thank you, your line is open.
Jonathan Steinmetz: Thanks, good morning everyone.
Steve Roell: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Steinmetz: Hi, just a few follow-ups here. Idon't want to be the dead horse on the North American auto margin item, but Iguess the question I would have, sequentially was there any restructuringincrementally that would have sort of shown, sort of shine through in thefourth quarter or they didn't show in the third? You mentioned also engineering,I'm just trying to hand on what these items could have been because I thought alot of the restructuring really was in sort of the back half of last yearbeginning in first part of this year?
Steve Roell: No, that's been continuing toflow through and we also have programs drop, dropping off but sort of wholeeconomics and few ones come in. I guess the best way to look at it is if youlook at the business on full year to full year perspective. The North Americanautomotive margin is by 1% and we've talked about that business, tripling inprofitability next year. I want to tell you is NorthAmerica came out a little bit stronger than we have expected here in the fourthquarter and I think that will be a challenge for us to triple that but, we willsee big margin growth in that side of the business. It just when you ran out ofthe whole of automotive with Europe staying flat, you get lots of marginpumping, you think from an overall perspective.
Jonathan Steinmetz: Okay. Switching to
Steve Roell: Just think in the Q1 as I said inmy comments. In last year in Q1, we lost just a shade over $50 million and thisyear we're guiding in Q1 to a smaller profit. So, weve got, say a $50 millionyear-over-year improvement but we were not going to be, I mean, our margins aregoing to be less than a full year in the first quarter.
Jonathan Steinmetz: Sure. Okay. Switching to the leadissue, are you seeing any ramifications down stream? I would imagine demands ispretty inelastic, but are you seeing yet any mix-shift, and if you did seethat, is that a negative for you, meaning are some of the higher pricebatteries, substantially more profitable?
Steve Roell: We really havent seen any mixshift, we have seen an increase in sales in both of our, what we call leasttech product in Germany arein Europe, which is a very high priced andhigh margin product and as well as Optima. So, we really havent seen anydeterioration there.
Keith Wandell: No, I guess, Jon thats a greatquestion, you would expect that. But, Im just saying if a couple of customersweve met with, and we havent seen that mix shift.
Jonathan Steinmetz: Okay, lastly, just house keeping,I think you gave FX translation on EBIT for building efficiency. Do you have itfor the company as a whole? I think you gave revenue but do you have theoperating profit line? Bruce McDonald It was about, if you look FXversus last year, in the quarter it was $0.02 or $0.03.
Jonathan Steinmetz: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Next question comes from BryanJohnson with Lehman Brothers. Thank you, your line is open.
Bryan Johnson: Hi, I have got some relatedquestions around the interplay between equity income and minority interest.First, in terms of your backlog, total was 3.9, whats the consolidated backlogin autos versus unconsolidated?
Steve Roell: Of the 3.9, this is Steve, theconsolidated is about 2.9.
Bryan Johnson: Okay and what's the geographicsplit within that?
Steve Roell: Roughly, we said its heavilytowards Europe. Let me give you just a roughbreak out. Ill give you five break outs okay. North America and consolidatedis about 950, North America and non-consolidated is about 75, Europe and I'lljust go back to what you have been hearing from Keith and Bruce about theengineering is 1.325 million in that three year time frame. Asia consolidatedis about 625 and Asia non-consolidated is 925.
Bryan Johnson: Okay.
Steve Roell: Bryan,going back to your first question if you look for the non-consolidated its a925 for Asia and about 75 for North America.
Bryan Johnson: Okay and what about the cadencefor that across '08, '09 and '010?
Steve Roell: Well I am sorry, cadence isbetween
Bruce McDonald: He is asking breaking out the 39across '08. '09 and '10.
Steve Roell: Oh, I am sorry. I can do that.Its roughly 0.9 is '08, 1.5 is '09 and 1.5 for '010.
Bryan Johnson: Okay and should we be thinkingabout most of the Asia and all of the Asian growth being in the JVs and thathence, consolidated revenue is in something that we will be looking at?
Bruce McDonald: Correct.
Steve Roell: Thats correct.
Bryan Johnson: Okay it seems to be declining.The second is when we go to minority interest down year-over-year, does thatreflect things moving from one column into from minority interest and equityincome?
Steve Roell: No, no. There is none of that.
Bryan Johnson: So what we should be thinkingabout for minority interest for next year?
Steve Roell: We are looking at minorityinterest for next year been in around $40 million to $50 million range.
Bryan Johnson: Okay and the final question is inthe other investments non-acquisitions you had a 200 so million cash flow out,is that that distribution JV for our residential air conditioning you have beentalking about?
Steve Roell: Yeah, if you look on other youllsee a line item in here under investing other net this is outflow of $260million, $200 million of that are investment in the US air conditioning joint venture.
Bryan Johnson: Okay, and so when do we startseeing operating income and unconsolidated revenue from that coming through?
Steve Roell: Well, that will show up Bryan, as equity incomebecause the less than 50% and we will have a couple of quarters where we havesome acquisition. We are going to have to eliminate our profit on the initialstocking and things like that. So, couple of quarters it will be not a heck ofa lot there but we will kick-in in the second half.
Bryan Johnson: Okay. Thanks.
Denise Zutz: I think we have time for one morequestion operator.
Operator: Today's final question comes fromBrett Hoselton with KeyBancCapital Market. Thank you, your line is open.
Steve Roell: Hi Brett.
Brett Hoselton: Hey folks, howare you today?
Steve Roell: Good.
Brett Hoselton: Let's see. Iam not sure how far you are going to be willing to comment on this. You'vetalked a bit about acquisitions and my question is there is quite a number ofacquisitions, potential acquisitions circulating or discussion about them forexample, the VISTION electronics business, Goodmann Global, some ideas aboutLinux or possibly trains putting up and so on and so forth. I guess what I amwondering is, would you be willing to take any of those and suggest or statethat you have no interest in any of those four that I have mentioned possibly?
Steve Roell: This is Steve.I think what we did at the New York Analyst Meeting was give you sort of theareas where we have interest, peers and categories. But we would never commenton a company, okay.
Brett Hoselton: That's veryfair. Okay, thank you.
Steve Roell: Thank you verymuch
Denise Zutz: Okay, thankyou everyone for joining us, we appreciate your attention and all of your questionsthis morning. If you have further questions please feel free to give me a callor Glen Ponczak. Thank you very much.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-07-18 11:00:00) =====
Denise Zutz: [Technical Difficulty] preliminary data and are subject to risk and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements. For these statements, the Company cautions that numerous important factors such as automobile vehicle production levels and schedules, the ability to mitigate the impact of higher raw material and energy costs, the strength of the U.S. or other economies, foreign currency exchange rate, cancellation of commercial contracts, labor interruptions, the ability to realize acquisition related integration benefits and the ability to execute on restructuring actions according to anticipated timeline and cost as well as those factors discussed in the Company's most recent 10-K could affect the Company's actual results and could cause this actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements made by or on be half of the Company. Okay. So, participating in our earnings call this morning is John Barth, our Chairman and CEO; Steve Roell, our Vice Chairman and Executive Vice President; and Bruce McDonald, our Executive Vice President and CFO. John Barth will begin with some overview comments, Steve is going to cover our business results in the quarter and Bruce McDonald is going to provide you with a review of our financial results overall. We will then be happy to take your questions this morning. Our intent is for the call to last approximately one hour. And with that, I would now like to turn the call over to John Barth.
John M. Barth: Well, thank you and good morning everyone. And I am please to report another strong quarter with both record sales and earnings. And our sales were up 6%, $8.9 billion. And when I look at the three businesses, building efficiency, there you saw increases in every part of the business and every region in the world. This particular strength in North America systems and services which was up 18% and rest of the world was up 12% and global workplace solutions was up 26%. In Power Solutions, our battery business was up mainly due to what I would say the unprecedented and then lead cost increases that was seen during the year. Demand in North America in our battery business was slightly lower, mainly due to a lower OE production. In Automotive experience, sales were level with last year. North America sales were tracking with production. Our European sales were up slightly mainly due to the favorable currency exchange. Our segment income was up 14% to $573 million. And the building efficiency had significant margin increases again in all parts of the business particularly in North America systems and services with the biggest improvement in Europe where the margin improved 500 basis points over last year, and I think we indicated throughout the year that we anticipated that. Power Solutions was fundamentally level with last year and I would remind you that last year included a $33 million insurance benefit. If we exclude that, segment income in Power Solutions was up 37%, and again, just due to the fundamentals of our how we manage and run that business with our best business practices and operational improvement. In Automotive Experience, we saw double digit improvement in segment income. Margin improved in Europe to a record 6%. North America improved for the second sequential quarter. If you recall we had a slight loss in out first quarter, breakeven in our second quarter in North America in this past quarter and margin of 2.6. I would mention that Europe I mean I am just pleased with the 6% improvement and this was continuing to be a bright spot relative to our automotive business. Bottom line, EPS from continuing operations was $1.98 and this was slightly ahead of the $1.95 that we have had forecasted in back in April. And so, I would like to thank all of our employees. They just continue to do what they say they are going to do and so thanks a lot. It is just a great quarter. Then look at highlights from the quarter. Starting with Power Solutions. We are in a process of rolling out Power frame and I remind you that is a new technology that adds both quality, again separates our capability in out battery from our competition. But also is a is a pretty significant in cost improvement to us. So that is now in a process of being rolled out for the balance of this year through all of our plants in Europe. We went in a major aftermarket customer here recently in Europe and at this point unfortunately we are not at a point where we can disclose who that is and in China first if I look at our lead asset business, there that continues to expand you'll recall that we doubled our our production our capability since we have acquired that Delphi battery business there and we should have some an announcement coming soon on just some of the winds and progress that we are making relative to improving our share in China as well as with our hybrid business we are working very closely with our Chinese customers there and again we think we will have an announcement coming in a near term on some progress that we are making in China. Building efficiency we've been one of four companies selected to provide performance contracts to the private and public sector, buildings in 40 cities around the world. Five banks have committed to provide performance contracting, financing for as much as $5 billion in energy efficiency improvements and this represents a significant opportunity for us going forward and it creates an opportunity for performance contracting for the first time outside of North America. We have received a large chiller order for a 115,000 tones of air conditioning for a central cooling system in cutter, one of the largest chiller installations in the world. And I think the this is a testament to I think the position that we have in the emerging markets, but more importantly relative to the technology and capability that we have in this segment of the market. And we announced a big win a few weeks ago which significantly expands our distribution in the residential market and we find this agreement with U.S. air conditioning distributors which accelerate our presence and reach in southwest part of the United States. And in our automotive experience business we continue to win business around the world. We have some significant wins in both Russia and Turkey which will continue to strengthen our position in these in these markets and provide us a dominant position there. We continue to win business from the the distressed suppliers and that represents near-term on almost immediate revenue for automotive business and we continue to have successful launches. In the past quarter, we launched the Buick Enclave, the Fiat 500 and the new model for Kia as well as some others that that I am sure Steve may go in to here in a little bit. Customer recognition and you can see on the right hand side of the slide there and this is something that we just are very proud of. You can you can say a lot of things about yourself and when your customers recognize you and you continue to win awards in all three of our businesses. Again I think it is a testament to the focus that we have on exceeding your expectations. When I look at the full year we are still committed to a profitable the profitable growth as our primary way of increasing shareholder value. We continue to have significant growth opportunities in all three of the businesses. As our competitors and others, I think reshaped their businesses and defined what their near term goals and business plans will be. We continue to invest in innovation and in new technologies that helped distinguish ourselves and separate ourselves from from the folks we bump in to everyday. One thing that is part of our DNA, or our culture is, our best business practices and just how we drive continuous improvement throughout the company and we will just continue to focus on that. And before I turn it over here to Steve, I just saw you don't know how proud I am of the management team and employees that we have in place. This is really in all parts of the world. So, that's everyone is up to the challenge and doing what what they said they were to going to do. So, thanks a lot and when I look at 2007, this will be our 61st consecutive year of sales increases. 17th consecutive year of earnings increases, and 32nd consecutive year of dividend increases. So, the financial strength of the Company just continues. And with that I will turn it over to Steve.
Stephen A. Roell: Okay. Thanks John and good morning. I thought I would start with building efficiency and maybe make some comment about the industry itself first before I go to our results. Just in terms of the construction market in the U.S., the most recent data that we have is that growth in 2007 for the calendar year for the industry will be somewhere between 4% to 6%. It's a good robust market for us. That's coming from the recent data from Dodge. The strength appears to be in the public sector, moving away from the commercial building market, obviously because of interest rates. And the public sector plays well for us because we do have a very strong presence in the schools and the healthcare and the governmental markets, so that bodes well. And then this morning the institute for American architects American Institute for Architects came out AIA and talked about some of their leading indicators around the architectural services demand. And that would imply that the strength and the construction market will continue well into 2008 and throughout 2008. So, it looks as if we are going to have a good robust North American constructional market to stay with us for the next 18 months at least 18 months. On top of that we are seeing good continued strength in the international markets. Double digit growth in a number of the markets such as Asia and the Middle-East. In addition to that as we've talked in the past, we believe we will benefit greatly from the increased focus on energy efficiency ingrained. And we continue to see that in terms of driving and prospecting and new opportunities for us in our business. The residential market, so much that I can tell you that you dont realize there. New construction was down 24%. We continue to believe we are bottoming out, but its difficult to feel that at this moment, certainly, wasnt true in the quarter. Inventories, we believe at their normal levels due to the recent, the record North American summer heat. And so, we hope that that part of the industry will recover as we see through the reminder of this year. Turning to our results. Our sales, as John mentioned, were up 15%, $3.2 billion up from $2.8 billion. Good growth across all segments of our North American business, new construction retrofits, technical services. Frequent strength in the global workplace solutions business, which was up 26%, I think John mentioned that as well. We highlight that we did secure two new programs, one with the BBC and one with Orange. I know many of you know who Orange is, but for those of you that dont, its a mobile communication company, headquartered in Europe. The contract we have is an example as in the U.K. Its over 1 million square feet, covering 24 office buildings, 23 technical centers, over 290 retail outlets. So, that gives you some idea of the scope of some of these projects when they are secured. Our residential sales dollars were up modestly on lower units shipments. I think thats the theme of the industry today is. Our competition is gone up as well and identified the softness in residential. The big news is that segment income improvement from $191 million or 43% to $274 million. A higher volume coupled with operational improvements in margin expansion across all geographic elements of our business. I should probably point out too that when we talk about residential and how tough a market it is. Our residential air conditioning business operated the double digit margins in terms of its performance in fiscal in our current fiscal Q3. Our backlog remains strong, $4.3 billion up 16% over the prior year. If we look at just the U.S. itself, even our new construction, we continue to see good demand in office and in state and local government. And in terms of the existing building the strength expands on the industrial sector, higher education, healthcare, and the federal government. And then addition to that we called our Europe only because its backlog or its orders were up 19% as fits demand. I am now going to turn over to Power Solutions. We talked about the fact that the production schedules were off, primarily because of lower demand in the OE market. After market, we believe from an industry prospective, was fairly flat quarter over last year. Unprecedented increases of lead. The LME refers there is the one London metal exchange. If you look at year-over-year, lead is up 278%, I am going to use the tonnage there, $995 per ton increased year ago to $2,546 per ton. If you look at the closing price on July 17, grew over $3,100 per ton. Thats unprecedented and thats creating issues for us, both in terms of how we are trying to do hedging, recoup in pricing, and obviously, from our customers and at the retail side. But I just we called out that our only because those of you does create unique challenges when it goes up that quickly if its a short timeframe. If you look at the performance from the standpoint of our quarter, our sales rose 16%. As John highlighted that demand that increase was driven by the pass-through of lead cost in our pricing. Our volumes, in terms of units were slightly down in the U.S., again driven by the lower OE built, and while Europe was up slightly. Our segment income, we talked about the fact that there was a non-reoccurring item last. I dont know to what extent this was factored in some of the forecast or expectations. But as John indicated, on one sense you can look at power reported information, it would be up it would be flat, but excluding that item, we would be up 37% in the segment. Now, if you were to take this and look at just that one single item and go back to Johns opening comments, our segment income would have been up 20%, had this item not been excluded from the prior year results. And thats really the performance of the business year-over-year. So, really in an outstanding performance by this segment. It continues to benefit from its cost reduction and focused on process. Our pricing actions in hedging, so far has been able negate the impact of higher lead, but as I indicated to you, Q probably will a challenge to us only because of the lead lag that we had discussed in prior conversations. Turning to Automotive. I think most of you are aware of what's taking place in the quarter, but just to summarize, North American production was down 2%. Light trucks were flat. The car production was down 6%. Europe, we estimate now is up 1% in the quarter. The Chinese market was strong, up 20% which is what it is now on a full year-to-date basis as well. In terms of our performance, our sales were down 1%. North America was down 2%, a lot of positive in terms of new launches, around the Lambda, the Honda Pilot, the Tundra. There was also lower discontinue volume that offset that, and thats whats result in the down 2%. We did have a number of new business awards in the quarter. The reference to Mitsubishi and to Ford were, in both cases electronics. In Europe, our volumes our sales were up 1%. Lower discontinued volume, we highlighted some of the programs that have been either discontinued or where the volumes were soft. And we did have a lot of new business that was awarded during the quarter. You can see across the number OEs, across the number of platforms. In some cases exceeding in the case of Renault and BMW, in the case of BMW and Ford, its also instrument panels, and cockpits. Pacific RIM was down 6%. The specific that decline was primarily due to the lower production with Nissan and also with Hyundai and Kia volumes in Korea. Our China sales were up double digits and consistent with what taking place within the industry. Segment income was down 7%, this is to be an outstanding performance in the quarter given the surplus in the volume and just the economic pressures. We John highlighted the fact that our North American operation had sequential improvements and achieved the 2.6% margin in quarter. And we also talked previously about the European hitting its high 6% margin for the quarter. When you look at equity income and Bruce will talk a more about that, we had number of launches in China, which ended up being impacting the quarter. That is good news and certainly does not reflect the overall strength of the profits that we have in China. But as we launch new programs for OE like Cherry, we expect to incur those costs periodically. Okay. And with that I will turn it over to Bruce for the financial highlights.
Bruce R. McDonald: Okay and thanks Steve. Overall, our financial results we are pleased with the quarter. We showed sales growth of 6% to record 8.9 billion, which really reflects the business and geographic diversification that we have and also the successful implementation of some of our growth strategies. As we indicated in the business sections, we are pleased to see the mid teens growth of building efficiencies in Power Solutions though as Steve indicated the most of the growth in Power Solutions was attributable the negative to the impact of higher lead pass-through prices. If you adjust for that Power Solutions sales will level with 2006 results. In terms of automotive, sales were down 1%. Adjusting for foreign exchange were actually down 5%, really reflecting the discontinuance of certain models, the impact of some business that we returned to our customers earlier this year. For the quarter global volumes, if you look at a production on a global basis were essentially flat. Turning to gross profit, we showed margin of improvement to 15.5% from 14.4% last year. And as we indicated last quarter, material net material economics are not a factor when we look at year-over-year improvements, but we still got a high cost in our base. But on a year-over-year basis, material economics is not a major problem at the gross profit line. Our commodity hedging programs are helping to insolate our short-term earnings from the negative impact of the run up in commodity costs, particularly less though there was less price increases as Steve talked about we are seeing some challenges here. Just giving some more color to Steves comments in terms of the 37% increase that we seen in lead in Q3 and we have seen another 20% increase in the lead prices just since the end of June. So, we are off to another quarter where it looks like we are going to see a strong increase here. Looking at SG&A expenses, $831 million up 33%... sorry up 13% versus last year. Last years numbers benefited by the $33 million legal settlement that you sort of backed that out, underlying SG&A expensed were up about 8%. That really is a reflection of the investments that we are making in building efficiencies. Power Solution SG&A levels are about flat. And if you look at SG&A auto business, it was down about 16% on a year-over-year basis with engineering costs being about level. I would also note that within our SG&A expenses and falling into our automotive Asian results was about $8 million or $0.03 a share of costs associated with some streamlining our cost base in Japan. So that that flows through in the SG&A in the quarter, it was worth about $8 million. Further, equity income consistent with last quarter you can see we are reporting a year-over-year decline of about $8 million. Actually if you sort of look at our overall equity income and our non-consolidated joint ventures about $1 million of that shortfall has been net differential in China as we have seen strong growth in our base operations, but mostly consumed by the startup costs with our five new joint ventures in China. Most of the year-over-year decline, however, is attributable to higher launch costs in some of our North American automotive joint ventures, which provide product to our transplant customers, higher costs in our hybrid joint venture was soft and the negative impact associated with the rapid run up in lead prices in a couple of our equity accounted joint ventures in Power Solutions, particularly in Korea. Turning to the overall segment income and adjusting to the restructuring charge that we took last year, our underlying segment income improved 14% with margins expanding by 40 basis points to 6.4%. Turning to slide 10. You can see net interest expense decline $3 million to $71 million in the period really reflecting lower year-over-year borrowings, but somewhat offset by higher interest expense particularly in our borrowings based in Euro. For the quarter, our tax rate was 21% consistent with both our guidance and the underlying rate last quarter. If you look down to minority interest you will see that we didnt have a charge in the quarter, which reflects lower year-over-year earnings at our consolidated joint venture operations. The three main drivers in that line, first, are AutoComp at our joint venture supplying the Tundra in Texas. Volume weakness and launch cost in our consolidated joint venture in Southeast Asia and lower earnings again due to our lag lead recoveries at consolidated joint venture operation in our battery business. If we do go down the bottom line is the earnings per share. You will see we recorded earnings per share of $1.98, $0.03 ahead of our guidance and up 16% versus last year. Turning to the balance sheet. You will see it on a quarterly basis, our debt to total capitalization declined by about 140 basis points or 35.8%. So, our overall borrowings were approximately leveled with the Q2 balance. As we indicated in October, we continued to forecast a debt to total capitalization declining to 30% by the end of the year. With the capital expenditure in the quarter, we spent $140 million and we now anticipate that our full year reinvestment ratio is going to about 1.1:1, slightly below the 1.2:1 that weve provided in our October guidance. Most of our capacity expansion projects in Power Solutions are coming online as excepted and our lowering guidance really reflects trimming capital investments in automotive experience business. Let me see the first comment on also comment on working capital performance, which was a disappointment for us. It came in below our expectations. And while we face a few headwinds, let me just comment on some of the factors. First the impact of higher lead with the rapid increase in lead prices our inventories, receivables and the value of our in the money lead hedges grows. We also tend to have a lower than average payment terms of our lead suppliers to facilitate the net impact, that run up that lead had in terms of our cash flow in the quarter is worth about $150 million to $175 million outflow. We also had our inventory balances negatively impacted like pre-build in inventory which we expect to shift in Q4, associated with the U.S. air conditioning distributor arrangement. Then lastly our accounts receivable balances were impacted by the timing of recoveries in our automotive business, and in some cases our financial strength works against us in settling some issues in collecting tooling balances and things like that. Then lastly in the quarter, we had an unusually large outflow of $60 million associated with some of our restructuring initiatives, which are running higher than which are delivering results better than our expectations. As I mentioned, we still expect to see a we still expect to see CapEx trend lower here, despite some of these headwinds. We are confident that we can get our debt to total capitalization back down to the 30% level that we committed to last October. Lastly, turning to our full year outlook. I am pleased to say we are confirming our guidance, which as you recall, we increased last quarter. We anticipate sales increasing by 7% to $34.5 billion and to and full year earnings per share increasing to 6.25% to 6.30%, a 19% to 20% improvement. And I would note that both those numbers exclude a $0.19 one-time benefit that we experienced in the second quarter. That translates in the Q more earnings per share in the range of $2 $2.30 to $2.35. We are also providing an update here on our sort of tightening our bend and updating some of our segment margin on a business-by-business basis. You can see building efficiency, we are guiding to a range here on 6.7%, 6.9%, that compares very favorably to the 5.2% last year really reflects the ongoing benefits of the York acquisition. In automotive, we expect our global margins to be in the 2.9%, 3.1% range. And lastly in Power Solutions, we are actually lowering our guidance here to 11.5% to 11.9% really reflecting the detrimental impact that lead pass through has on a reported margins, which has stripped out the impact of the higher the higher lead prices, which inflates both costs and sales, and therefore, brings downs our margins. Our underlying margin guidance for Power Solutions were up would be 12.5% to 13% or about a 50% basis a 50 basis point improvement versus the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year, really reflecting the great job that Power Solution is doing. In conclusion, we are pleased with our third our third quarter results. We remain committed to the full year numbers, and we are confident that 2007 will be our fifth consecutive year of double digit earnings growth. And so, with that I will turn it back over to Denise for Q&A.
Denise Zutz: Yes, operator, I think we are ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Rob Hinchliffe of UBS.
Denise Zutz: Hi, Rob.
Robert Hinchliffe: Hi, Good morning. Thanks. Hey, I guess, cash flow maybe the first one to ask you. In the last couple of calls, you said working capital maybe gets back to neutral by the end of the year. I didn't see that. You didn't comment on that during your thoughts there. Where do you think that ends up now?
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, there is a number of things Rob in the in the quarter that I accept will unwind here in the fourth quarter. The hard one to. the hard one to get a read on here though is the lead impact and that's just we didn't we didnt take in to consideration the sort of the huge run up that weve seen in lead prices. And as we sit here today, I mean we thought those didn't show any signs of reversing. So, I think, our expectations as we certainly expect to see the working capital here improvement of fourth quarter. But it is going to be difficult to for us to recover the that sort of $150 million to $175 million that we have seen in lead. And as I sit here today, I would expect to see the more of an impact more of a negative impact hit us here in the fourth quarter.
Robert Hinchliffe: Okay and then you mentioned the inventory build with the U.S. air conditioning. You put a general dollar figure on that build.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, it is probably in the $25 million to $30 million range.
Robert Hinchliffe: Okay. And then on the building efficiency. Real good growth first half, still good growth, but a little bit slower in the third quarter. Where do you see that business? What is the kind of a growth rate you think for building efficiency going forward?
Stephen A. Roell: I think, what weve said, Rob, that we expect that business to be in mid teens and the backlog would certainly support that. So, I think it has unchanged. I don't think that we I mean, I think we always felt that we should in mid teens in terms of growth in that business. And I think again the backlog supports it. I think thats consistent with what we would expect going forward.
Robert Hinchliffe: And then the profit margins this quarter looked really good.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, they are. I wouldn't expect that to repeat. I mean I think Bruce has provided guidance for the full year for that segment. Thats probably the best we can provide to you, okay.
Robert Hinchliffe: And the full year that sort of the rate do you think going forward as well?
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, we expect to see some margin expansion in '08. But we haven't I think that our last earnings sorry, our last Analyst Meeting where we have really focused on building efficiencies. We said, look we expect over the intermediate term that x-global workplace solutions we see our intermediate term margins getting to the say 10% level for building efficiency and we expect to see some margin growth in 2008.
Robert Hinchliffe: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your question comes from Ron Tadross of Banc of America.
Ronald Tadross: Good morning, everyone.
John M. Barth: Hi, Ronald.
Stephen A. Roell: Good morning, Ron.
Ronald Tadross: I guess just hunting in on the North American automotive margins. You made the comment this is the second quarter in a row we have seen sequential improvement. Can we kind of start thinking about this maybe being a trend over the next few years. And if so, can you give us an idea where we could get with North American automotive margins considering things think we are going to be roughly breakeven this year?
Bruce R. McDonald: Yes, I mean we will we are roughly breakeven rate now, Ron.
Ronald Tadross: All right.
Bruce R. McDonald: On a year-to-date basis, so we expect our expectation now is Q4 margins in North America to be around the level they were this quarter. Q4 sorry, Q4 our North America margins, being both where they were this quarter.
Ronald Tadross: That sounds good. That's good year-over-year expansion. And then when you go forward the next few years Bruce, where do you can we get back to like that 3% to 4% range over like the next two to three years?
Bruce R. McDonald: Yes, let mewell just clarify in Q4. So, last year in Q4 North America, we are at 2.5. So, we are going to be a little bit ahead of that. Thats kind of our expectation right now. If everything's played out as we think. Now we are looking for next year where we expect to see a big improvement in our margins in the North American sector. But, I will hold off on giving more specific guidance on these on what that is for North American. So, we see you in October.
Ronald Tadross: All right. Good. And then just on the distress supplier revenue, the revenue that is coming from the these guys said maybe just can't do it. Is this material like even is it $200 million or is it $500 million?
R. Bruce McDonald: It's getting in I mean, I think last quarter we talked about is $200 million of booked business and I and we are still gathering that's accelerating. I am giving sort of annual run rates there. So, probably in that $300 million change range now.
Ronald Tadross: All right.
R. Bruce McDonald: This is not big seeding stuff, which $300 million or $400 million a year. This is more on the interior side. So, you are talking of $20 million, $30 million type annual contracts.
Ronald Tadross: Okay and then just maybe as a potential offset to that. What's going on with mix, I mean with fuel prices kind of hedging up here, maybe it's just tell us about what you are thinking about mix in North America and Europe?
John M. Barth: I guess, we were its just looking at the data and if you look even the fourth quarter, Ron, whats interesting is that the bill schedule is actually up in the quarter we are in now, right?
Ronald Tadross: Yes.
John M. Barth: Light trucks. It's interesting that we are seeing light trucks bills fall by very aggressive incentives. If I were going to go forward if I think there's a note that if gas prices stay above $3.50, we are going to see some mix shifts, I think and thats fair. But we see the shifts going down in the sea realign out of the high sports utility vehicles, okay? That's really where the shift will take place. And I think that's what I would say we are seeing bill schedules too within the light truck segment as you are aware, its moving down into the crossover vehicles.
Ronald Tadross: Okay. So, is there senior where your margin recovery is stalled by the mix. I am sure there is but is it a high probability scenario or a decent probability?
Stephen A. Roell: We look pretty, Ron, well roughly in the SUV.
John M. Barth: SUV has helped us a lot, yes. We have got a pretty good margin there, pretty good presence that market across
Denise Zutz: I think, Ron, we have always commented that contrary to what we say about where they make their money. We can make money in all kinds, all aspects of the mix. We never suggested that we make 90% of our money in the heavy trucks side. So, we are far more balanced.
Ronald Tadross: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Rod Lache of Deutsche Bank.
Rod Lache: Yes. Can you hear me?
John M. Barth: Yes, Hi Rod, we can.
Rod Lache: Hi. Good Morning. A couple of things. Just to focus on the backlog a little bit in that order business. Revenue kind of tracking inline with production. You did mention that part of that you are cycling through a couple of models that have been cancelled. Can you just maybe give us a little color on what's happening with the underlying backlog, and when do you cycle through some of these cancellations?
Stephen A. Roell: I guess we are have been cycling through some cancellations particularly in Europe, that's not really new to us and also in North America. I guess I would say there is a couple of programs that standout where they have where they were the clients. I think we are well into those. And I think most of those were reflected in our backlog data we provided to you a year ago this time, in October.
Denise Zutz: Yes, I just dont have we are going to be updating our backlogs here in October, of course, Rod. But thinking about '07 versus '08, we probably my expectation is that the amount that feels associated with where we have given the business back or the auto makers have discontinued production whatever the fees maybe, the impact will be far more significant in '07 than in '08.
Rod Lache: Organic growth should pickup a little bit as you look out.
Stephen A. Roell: Right.
Rod Lache: Okay. And are you seeing any changes in the win rates in that part of the business?
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, we do. I guess I would tell you that we have been pleasantly surprised by some of the Chinese orders that we have received. And as John highlighted, we have been successful with some of the since Christmas, we haven't been highly representative like Fiat and BMW.
John M. Barth: And PSA.
Stephen A. Roell: And PSA. So, we have seen some successes there, but in some cases we would also expected that we are going to be successful. So, I don't want to mislead you and tell you it's going to be a big change at this stage. We will come back and update and I would say that we were very pleased with the momentum of new orders that we received in this quarter. This was a very strong quarter for us.
John M. Barth: To add to the we continue to invest in innovation and new technology and products and so forth that help our customers differentiate themselves and grow their business. And so, we haven't backed away from that at all. And so, I think that gap and our capability versus others continues to widen.
Rod Lache: Okay. Great. Just switching gears a little bit, do you have an update on the building efficiency cost savings you have achieved so far? You have talked about the $300 million number for York synergies. Where are we at as far as tracking to that number?
Bruce R. McDonald: We are in great shape. We are not I would say there is nothing new coming in the bucket. When we took our number off a $100 million, it really reflected the, some of the actions that made it to from the restructuring point of view. And as I said my comments, we had a fairly large outflow associated with some of those restructuring activities. Our expectation was, Rod, that we would be substantially completed all of the cost synergies by the end of 2007. I would tell you right now there is a couple of facilities that we have had to defer closing out of the summer period into the fall because of unusually high demand. We haven't been able to build enough inventory to deep close the facility, move to production equipment so rather than closing those facilities in the summer timeframe, which we had originally anticipated, we have pushed those into the fall Q1. So, that's probably let's say $15 million to $20 million of cost savings but right now its not costs of anything because the volumes are more than offsetting the cost reductions.
John M. Barth: That's a good point. And I would tell you that we have got probably maybe three to five facilities around the world that are like that where the demand is so strong that where we had planned to move to a low cost country or where we had just planned to shut our plant down, we haven't had a chance. We have been actually I would tell you our similar revenues, we have not been able to recognize simply because we didn't have the product in time. So, our lead times have been increasing. We are trying to get our hands on it as best we can. It's a good situation to have in one sense, but Bruce's point, some of those were intended to be part of the restructuring process
Rod Lache: One last one from me. Can you just talk about acquisition appetite in general terms, how large an acquisition would you be comfortable with them, or how much leverage would you be comfortable with when you are looking out, because obviously your debt to caps is coming down and a lot of these efforts with York are pretty much on track or nearing a little bit of maturity.
John M. Barth: I think nothing really has changed. We continue to look at opportunities in all three of the businesses. We have some gaps that we would like to fill and some product expansion. And so, I think we are comfortable with the improvements in the balance sheet. We are forecasting, and so, I think we are in a good position to continue to invest in all three businesses.
Stephen A. Roell: The one thing I can say the latter question in terms of our appetite and our leveraging thoughts. Clearly as Bruce described our capital structure at the end of the fiscal year, we are going to be in a position to be fairly flexible and use depth for a good portion of our acquisition activity. In terms of philosophically where we are, in terms of thinking about our ratings, we very much believe that we want to maintain a structure a capital structure that would provide an A rating from a bond perspective for the primary purpose of leaving us flexible for other opportunities as they come available. We don't really want to leverage up not be able to take advantage of the phase that will help our business grow long-term. That's the best way I can describe that to you.
R. Bruce McDonald: And then we have talked about before, Rod there, after the York acquisition our real focus on the de-leveraging activities that we sort of down played or sort of put on the back burner in some of these lower risk talk under type strategic acquisitions. We obviously, there is some pent up demand from our businesses for some of those. You should expect to start to see some of those in the next several quarters.
Rod Lache: Great. Thank you
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Robert Barry of Goldman Sachs.
Robert Barry: Hi guys. Good morning.
John M. Barth: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Barry: A few questions. One I just wanted to clarify on the free cash flow. I think that at the Annual Day last year you had targeted $1 billion plus, is that still intact?
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, that's what we are targeting, Rob.
Robert Barry: Okay. And then on the power margins and the lead. Is this still somewhat of a timing issue or is there some elasticity of demand pressure starting to kick in as you keep passing through the lead cost with higher pricing, that's weighing on that margin?
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, let me just tell you what the dynamic is. The dynamic is timing okay and degree. I think what I would tell you that if you have a progression of cost increases in the market, you can pretty much get a hedging program and work through pricing actions. I think the hard part now is when you see lead expanding to the degree which we just described to you, thats hard to catch. So, that's a timing issue for us potentially in the quarter.
Robert Barry: Okay. So, even though you are passing on these escalating or accelerating and escalating prices there is been no degradation in demand?
R. Bruce McDonald: Not meaningful.
Stephen A. Roell: I can't tell. Actually, we can point to that at all. I would say, I mean I am not sure that when a better replacement, a consumer makes a decision, okay, based on a battery increasing by $50 or say by $25, $40 in price. But I dont believe so.
R. Bruce McDonald: I think one thing we are seeing, Rob, is as we have passed on all the price increases the inventory value that our customers take on it grows fairly significantly, and it does provide almost an extra incentive to maybe be a bit more careful in terms of stocking levels. So, again, that has to be fairly short-term but we were passing on that sort of 300% increase that weve seen here. People just get a bit more sensitive to it.
Denise Zutz: Yes. I just dont know what that is. I mean, first of all we've never seen the increase at consumer levels that we've been seeing here over the past couple of years. So, this is an unknown factor to us. Historically, if you look at demand for the battery after market, it is historically extremely stable, probably the biggest factor to which you can correlate after market demand is really driving pattern. I mean that's what battery demand has most correlated with is actually numbers of miles driven. So, it almost circles back to gas prices. That question that was brought up earlier gas prices hit the point where people would drive their cars less. So, that's certainly an indicator we've got to keep an eye on. But again this market is pretty resistant in terms of overall economic factors because you always have to make a decision to not drive that second car or not drive that one car. The battery dies and you want to drive the car and you pretty much have to go and buy a new battery.
Stephen A. Roell: Absolutely. I think what we what we talked about it but remember as we go through that, that U.S. the U.S. air is its a very specific geographic. John talked about the Southwest. The market that they served is pretty much focused on southern California, northern California. So, we still have an appetite to grow more aggressively and expand our distribution where we have up to where we are this represents where we would like to be in other parts of the country. But all that business really helps in terms of our manufacturing scale. I mean, small business, but we've always said that the reason we lag some of the margins of our competitors in that business will scale and these clearly are trying to help us close that gap.
R. Bruce McDonald: But Rob, just if you look at the U.S. air conditioning deal sort of in a little bit more detail, they are the single largest independent distributor in the United States. So there is not going to be another one of that size. And then if you look at well how many other distributors and sort of in that $100 million type range, youll get into a dozen or so. So this was a fantastic win for us. A real boost for the business but we are not going to see big lumps like this one come in
John M. Barth: Similar of this, thats right.
Robert Barry: The others will be smaller.
Stephen A. Roell: Right.
Robert Barry: Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys.
Stephen A. Roell: Thank you.
Denise Zutz: Operator, is there a next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Steinmetz of Morgan Stanley.
Jonathan Steinmetz: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. A few questions. Have you given a number on currency translations impact on revenue and either net income or segment level income?
Stephen A. Roell: Yes. We went in our sort of guidance for the are you talking about versus last year?
Jonathan Steinmetz: Yes. Predominantly the Euro, but in general on a company level sort of currency neutral. How much did the strength of the euro affect you basically?
Stephen A. Roell: I think our sales in the quarter were we said were up 6% or 7% and if you strip out exchange it was up 3%.
Jonathan Steinmetz: Okay. And do you have an EBIT level impact as you translate?
Stephen A. Roell: Versus last year again?
Jonathan Steinmetz: Sure.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes. Sure, we have a third quarter reference, Bruce here talks about an EPS impact of about $0.04 in the quarter.
Jonathan Steinmetz: $0.04, okay. Can back it up to the EBIT line. On the lead issue, have you seen any mix impact yet on the battery side, meaning price is arriving for the consumers and so they need a battery. But they just trade down or is there no evidence of that?
Stephen A. Roell: I have not seen that, I guess I'm just we had conversations along with the product lines well I guess I would I havent seen it. You would certainly expect it Jonathan, but we havent seen that. I think primarily because of the promotions and where our after market customers are posturing the lines
Jonathan Steinmetz: Okay. And on the restructuring I think first you may have mentioned the $60 million cash out flow from I guess accelerator restructure and timing difference. Was that a timing issue or you have actually bucketed more. I didn't see an accrual but are you bucketing more towards restructuring or was that just quarterly movement?
Stephen A. Roell: Well that was a quarterly out flow associated with some of the charges that we took last year. It was higher than normal, I would say under a normal quarter, our sort of quarterly running rates will serve in the 25 to 30 nuts, what we would expect say in Q4.
Jonathan Steinmetz: Okay. And then is this step running to the P&L that's not been called out as kind of a special items that sort of restructuring buckets so to speak that you'd expect to accelerate or is it pretty much the large charges the large output as done with.
Stephen A. Roell: We I would say that we're not looking for any large charges. We are running through summary funding in SG&A reduction costs through a base P&L. We have referred to when I was talking of the SG&A, we took a charge in our Europe and our automotive business in Asia of about $8 million, say $0.03 a share. Thats sort of the largest single line item but there is other $1 million and $2 million type numbers in there.
Jonathan Steinmetz: Okay. Thank you, very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Chris Ceraso of Credit Suisse.
Christopher Ceraso: Thank. Just a couple of follow-up items here. First Bruce, on the tax rate do you think it can stay this low. Is it a sustainable level or where do you see it over the next two or three years?
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, right now when we brought our rate down here to 21. We I think, we said wed start next year being in the 22, 23. And that with the standing buy back some of the I'll say that, that the moving parts as I sort of look out longer term really, become what's happened with base factor tax rates globally. Right now outside North America there tends to be a trend for reductions, which holds well for us. And I'm sure when I'm saying Germany, which is a one of our big theatres of operations; they're enacting legislation over there. Expecting this quarter to turn the rates down by 9%, so that's good for us. The other moving sort of fund underlying tax rates globally tend to be trending lower, on the other moving part would be where we make our money. Geographic split of income and again we're growing stronger in outside North America than in inside North America, and from a tax perspective this is  tends to be with the exception of Japan, we are the highest tax rate jurisdiction in the world. So, we sort of take all that up the planning initiative that we've got, put in place all the financing structures we have. Our expectation really here is we see rates feeding that 22%, 23% rate level for the next three to four year which from a tax perspective is really far out as we can sort of plan.
Christopher Ceraso: Okay, good. Any update on cross tail winds from the building business you talked about that at the off side?
John M. Barth: I dont think any update. What we shared with you at that time Jonathan, just the fact that, that continues to be a key point in our growth. And as we indicated to you probably the surprising point maybe in that, that presentation was that we are just getting on the front of that. That we'll continue to see good benefits from that as we look out the next two to three years as some of our customers make decisions there, to upgrade their facilities.
Christopher Ceraso: Okay. On the U.S. air-conditioning distributors deal, can you give us a little color about how you won that? Why did they decide to go with you instead of Carrier? What was the reasoning behind that win?
Stephen A. Roell: I am not sure I want to go in a lot of detail on that point. I think that clearly there is been some switches. We mentioned to you that we the same thing had happened in the northeast year earlier with web. And I think periodically I think distributors do look for new lines and get and look for opportunities. And I think we offer great line we offer great service. I think they like our management and thats really thats why I would say I think that clearly, I think have them adjustable need behind the product and made a difference. And I think people recognize that we have had a very aggressive growth down for that business.
Christopher Ceraso: Okay. And then I guess one more back to the topic of acquisitions, do you feel any sort of urgency or pressure to do a deal or to do a bigger deal to this sort of a protective measure to make sure that your leverage doesnt get too low.
Stephen A. Roell: No, no. We dont think that way. We basically our acquisition strategy our acquisition is tied to our growth strategies. We start with that and look at what its going to do to support our business long-term; we wouldnt response with that pressure.
Christopher Ceraso: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Denise Zutz: Yes, I think we have time for one more question, operator.
Operator: Your next question comes from Himanshu Patel of JP Morgan.
Himanshu Patel: Hi, good morning guys. The dollar amount impact for lead prices this quarter, do you have a number for that?
R. Bruce McDonald: Sort of higher to $13 million.
Himanshu Patel: And that is?
R. Bruce McDonald: Quarter-over-quarter.
Himanshu Patel: And what was--
R. Bruce McDonald: Quarter-over-quarter like this Q3 versus last Q3.
Himanshu Patel: And what was it last quarter?
R. Bruce McDonald: $75 million.
Himanshu Patel: Okay. So, that was quite big. In the European business on the order side, you guys talked about a few new wins, should we be thinking about revenue acceleration in that business as we get into 08 and 09?
R. Bruce McDonald: I think, Hemanshu, if you look our backlog and specifically as it relates to Europe then, what we have got is we got a lot of in all eight in particular we have a lot of model change. So, we expect to see higher engineering and launch cost in 08, 09. But not most of our backlog in 08 timeframe is not in Europe. The European growth is really 09, 10.
Stephen A. Roell: And as I said those wins, Bruces point those wins go after in 2010 timeframe in electronics.
Himanshu Patel: All right, okay. And then--?
R. Bruce McDonald: Fairly flattish for next year. Thats kind of our expectation top line. Then the backlog then is disproportionately healthy for Europe in 09, 10.
Himanshu Patel: Okay. And then on the building efficiency side, I think your European divisional margins are kind of half of what North American systems you are doing right now. What's kind of the ability to normalize those margins? Meaning brining them up to North American levels and over what timeframe should we think that?
John M. Barth: Well, let me just tell you the factors that go into that. I think if you look at the improvement in Europe this past this current year, a lot of this is been driven by basically cost structure improvements. And taking over we talked about the system redesign and some of the service initiatives over the processes. Thats probably the largest single item, okay. Now, in terms of the other important thing, I think Himanshu, is the we talked about the order rate thing after the backlog, okay in Europe but the fact that they had a good strong quarter thats really the next level, we have got to see some growth in that part of place. Now, having said that, we are in a different competitive world than Europe than we are in North America, okay, which is much stronger having and there is certainly a whole array of U.K. competitors and male that market more difficult for us. So, while I would tell you that we are moving towards that and we moved a lot of process over, its going to take us a lot to get there. Because they just dont have the same service component either that we have in North America. So, building this service business, growing in Eastern Europe, those are really to choose and keep pace are going to drive growth and margins in that business longer-term.
Himanshu Patel: I mean to speak do you think there is any structural reasons why those margins have to be permanently lower or that are touch lower or--?
John M. Barth: No, it usually be the competitive as much of the business there, okay. And structurally the service fees would be the structural fees, okay.
Himanshu Patel: All right. Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Denise Zutz: Okay. Thank you very much for everyone joining on the call this morning. We appreciate your interest in the Company. As always, we will be available to take any additional calls you may have afterward by calling myself or Glen Ponczak. So, again, thank you very much for joining us.
